

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1: -CONGRATULATIONS!-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[Taboo System Activating]

[---------99%]

Max glanced at these few words again with a listless sigh while listening to the teacher conclude her lesson to the topic Demand, a sub of Economics.

His presence was barely noticeable in the big classroom that accumulated up to thirty students with spacious space in between.

He was seated at the last row at the back, right next to the window and sometimes used the white curtains to further diminish his presence by covering his head with it.

He talked little,barely talked rather and avoided making friends or getting into any conversation.

Even the class teacher often missed calling out his name on the register.

His hair was cut out simple like a book head, and wore a pair of glasses that he pretended were medical.

There was nothing about him to take note of.

He did neither well or too good, never standing out and was just another regular student that attended one of the world's richest school with kids from all influential background across the globe.

That was to say he was also from a rich background nevertheless.

But more than that, he was a tramigrator, a reincarnator. Whatever you may call it as both terms werm commonly mixed up.

'Damn, fuck this system... can't you just fucking activate on your own.' Max thought inwardly with utmost frustration, as he kept his head glued to the book he was reading. Pretends to.

It had been two years since he had been transmigrated into this world out of the blue, when he had just been accepted in a big tech company after having dealt with college.

He had looked up to that day, being the type of fat loser that was only focused on tech.

He was best at it and therefore spent most of his youth in his room rather than going out to have fun as his mate did.

Watching porn was a norm whenever he felt aroused and dismissed the thought of experiencing the real till he was twenty and a virgin.

This world was a different version of earth with many things and places being similar and not.

A New extra continent and different unfamiliar regions and countries.

Fortunately, there wasn't a war at hand and the world was very peaceful bringing about advancement in all kinds of technology.

So to foster the growth of the next generation, big schools had been created to house a collective set of students from all over the world.

Elite Metropolitan Highschool, a school of elites which his predecessor had been set to go but committed suicide a day before that, after not being able to quit his loser lifestyle.

Eating junks and shit while being alone in his room, and yet to experience sex. It was best to leave the rest unsaid but that was the reason his predecessor died without anyone noticing before he took over.

To sum it up, in the past one year his life had turned to shit two days after he reincarnated. Because on that day was the day he was granted his own cheat.

A system that said it was here to help losers and worked the shit out of him before he could activate it.

[Daily Quest]

[Ten push ups]

[Ten Squat Jumps]

[Twenty Jumping Jacks]

[Jog hundred meters]...

As months went by, the more taxing these exercises became. Until a set of eight remarkable packs had been drilled into his once robust and shapeless tummy. While remaining unknown.

It had been one year since then,and now they had just entered a new seasonal session. Making him a second year senior highschool student while his sister who had attended much earlier than him was in her third year.

Their relationship was a sour one though... but that would be a matter for another time.

"Finally." Muttering these words, Max observed the empty spacious class room.

A glance alone was enough to tell how distinguished the school actually was.

For example each desk had a little compartment beneath that could be accessed by codes or fingerprints.

Their board meanwhile was a screen. Electronic makers which needed to be charged were what they used.

The AC and warmer was just another part of it.

Nodding casually at these expensive gadgets installed in their classroom at random.

Clip!

He unclasped his bag which was placed beside his feet and brought out a pack of Digestive Biscuit which was popularly known across the globe.

By its side, he pulled up a bottle of water and dropped it on the table.

Staring at the biscuit pack and bottle water a bit.

"Argh, damn bastard you better be completed after this." He cursed with no one in sight before commencing to eat his meal.

It wasn't that he was from a poor home or on scholarship, being unable to afford the cafeteria fee with luxurious dishes or anything. Infact, like other students he also paid for that.

But one of his Daily Quest from the System included eating healthy meals and keeping fit. He couldn't eat junks or just anything yet.

But the main reason he avoided the cafeteria wasn't that.

He had accepted an SSS Quest from the System.

[A lonely loser lifestyle without being a loser.]

Requirements -

[ Avoid being the center of attention.]

[Avoid communicating with the opposite gender when unwarranted.]

[Avoid watching porn.]

[Avoid nutting.]

[Doing the opposite of these would terminate the quest and you'll be punished for failure.]

'A death sentence?'

These had been his thoughts then before discovering the quest was totally different from the Daily Quest which increased the percentage at which it would successfully activate.

Crack!

Feeling the cranky wheat flavour envelope his tongue, Max closed his eyes as he tried submerging his senses in it.

'Still sweat as fuck... But sex would be better though.' With all sorts of exciting imagination running through his head,He added after a pause.

But then...

Boom! Boom! Boom! Disco sounds of fireworks Reverberated in his ears, or mind rather. But Max couldn't be bothered to differentiate how he heard it.

His eyes were totally focused on the golden words written in capital letters that only he could see.

CONGRATULATIONS!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2: - Taboo System -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

CONGRATULATIONS!

A single word extended with a ! Mark

Yet drove elation through the depth of his heart.

While Max was yet to react, another set of words followed. Appearing smaller but carrying the same weight nevertheless.

CONGRATULATIONS!

[Taboo System Activated]

[---- 100%]

[Awakening System Set Up]

[Set Up Complete]

[Final Actualization With Host Done]

[Successful]

[Host Is Now A Carrier Of The Taboo System]

[Host Status Revealed]

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan Highschool

Stats: Will It To See

Special Abilities: None

Quest: SSS - A lonely loser lifestyle without being a loser.

Daily Quest: Accomplished.]

[Quest Completion Discovered]

[SSS- A lonely loser lifestyle without being a loser.]

[Judging...]

[SSS- A lonely loser lifestyle without being a loser. Accomplished.]

[Congratulations To Host]

[Highest Difficulty Quest Accomplished.]

[Rewards As Follows...]

[Flaws Of Youth Conquered= Increasable Physical Stats]

[SSS... error.]

[SSS Reward Here By Goes...]

[Host Has Gone Beyond Expectations So An Extra Level Of Difficult Has Been Added.]

[Reward- Becoming An SSS Rank Taboo Student.]

[Student Stat Added]

[Reward- Eligibility To Chose Advanced Special Ability Of Unknown Rank.]

[ ¹- Joker- A passive ability to become more humourous, funny in any possible way.

A friend to all ladies.

Increase familiarity with ladies the longer and more jokes you crackor make them laugh.]

[²- Jerk- A bad boy of bad boys.

Increase charm and handsomeness.

The more of a jerk you are the more like a lady is to fall in love with you.]

[³- Scum- A chance use ability.

Charms a woman to be fucking in love with. And even in all your wrong, assaults, cheats. She will cry and come back to you ]

[⁴- Mr Mystery- A passive ability that can be continuously raised.

By being silent, less noisy and almost unnoticeable around ladies. They some how curiously develop interest in you.]

Reading the fourth one along the voice in his head. Max didn't hesitate and willed a yes on it.

There were up to twenty other options the system was yet to announce, yet he decisively chose what he thought was actually made for him.

There was no doubt, and it sounded just like him.

In that slight moment a lot of possibility flashed past his mind.

But the words and voice or the system wasn't done yet.

[Host Has Selected, Mr Mystery has been granted to host.]

At this moment, a strange feeling welled up inside him, and then nothing... he didn't feel much different from before only that now the system was recalling his stars and there were new changes.

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan Highschool

Stats:

Charm- 10.

Strength- 20.

Agility- 10.

Stamina- 35.

C Rank Elite Student

Special Ability: Mr Mystery

Quest: Becoming An SSS Rank Taboo Students: Requirements, performing Taboo Tasks.]

'System what are Taboo Tasks?'

[Taboo Tasks are similar to Quest, only that they are done to fufil Host's Taboo Main Quest.]

To his surprise Max heard an expected response and quickly grinned. Smiling selfishly to himself at his second thoughts.

'Any example to what a Taboo Task could be?' He asked with faint guess to the answer.

[Bedding your principal's daughter.]

"Shit"

Max quickly breathed in a thrilled sigh as he felt the blood in his body rushing towards one place. Alongside several quick imaginations.

Ding!

Suddenly, He heard a notification sound, then a series of transparent words were quickly written in the air before him.

[System has discovered that a level of tabooness accessible to Host,is going on within the third floor]

[Taboo Task]

[Target: Sophia]

'Ugh?'

'Sophia?' Max dandled on this thought before a realizing glint flashed past his eyes.

Although the system didn't exactly say what he should do to his target,he knew Sophia. Or better to say, he knew where and what she would be doing by this time.

Infact he knew a lot about the school as a whole, especially what was going on beneath the surface. And as a tech genius in his past life, being an highschool student in his current. He had proofs.

If he wanted, right now he could get a batch of teachers fired and ruin the future of a lot of students.

Another reason while he had chosen the Mr Mystery Ability.

He did a lot of things in secret while being thought of as a nobody on the open.

Unfortunately though, he hadn't watched these videos yet to avoid temptation and ruin his quest.

Sophia had been a prey he bumped upon by chance in the restroom.

'Hehehe... Finally, after years. We'll be feeling boobs for the first time.'

'Max, oh Max, look at our devilish you are.' With a sly grin plastered across his face, his short laugh Reverberated through the empty classroom as he got up right after that.

"Oh, how many minutes left?" Glancing at his watch, he saw that it was 9:05. Breaks here were the same as most schools on earth.

With a given time of twenty minutes.

Right now, most of the people were already out in the field, considering that barely five minutes had passed.

And the hallway was sparse, with fewer students like him roaming about.

But not, wasting time to praise its grandness like usual.

He turned towards the direction of the rest room.

Not to appear to be in a hurry or attract glances despite how raging his blood felt at the moment, he stilled his resolve and kept on walking quietly.

And soon,he took a short turn and arrived at the boy's rest room.

Sure enough, the place was quiet since everyone was out making use of their break.

At least on the surface.

Placing his ear on the door he could actually hear a few stifled grunts coming from the restroom. And that lead to a willful grin forming on his face.

Slightly inhaling a bit, he placed his hand and quietly pushed it open.

His movements was direct, he wasn't fazed that they would hear him either.

To the sight of stark grey clean restroom. With ten neat ceramic urinals placed in order by the left. It took a moment for his eyes to wander to the last of the stalls by his right.

-In Use- A series of red electronic words were floating on the little screen inbuilt on its door.

"Hm.. mm"

"Hm.. mm"

"Hm.. mm..."

There were several stifled grunts coming from there.

But Max noticed more than that as a disgusted snare crept up his lips.

'He brought a companion. What a complete ass hole?' With these thoughts in mind, his view of Sophia's fiancee, Alex, a B ranked student which he was actually familiar with and the second son of a huge conglomerate went down the drain the next instant.

The couples were quite bold however...

Halting his train thoughts, a louder scuffle came from the last stall signifying they were almost done.

Visit Discord For Image Reference: .gg/rCGNpR3S

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3: -Sophia -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Argh! You are very good, we'll see tomorrow."

Just as he hid in the second stall, he heard the satisfied voice speak again alongside the buckle sounds of belts.

"You hear that bitch?" A moment after he heard another, which he was actually familiar with, comment. As if trying to please the former.

"Hmmm, you're a lifesaver. I didn't think you'd be such a genius too to actually have such a nice meet up." The first speaker remarked, not bothering to lower his voice.

Listening to their little exchange, Max furrowed his brows as he suppressed more of his breath.

There was no doubt that the second son of a conglomerate was trying to curry favor from the former. Which was no surprise considering this was a school of elites. Partnership was held in high regards.

Alex didn't reply to him, however,but Max had imagined the youth performing a short bow to the guy who had used his fiancee to relieve his balls.

Soon after, there were a few clicks accompanied by subtle footsteps as both youths made their way for the exit, totally unaware of his presence.

Max glanced at his watch to see that only a minute and thirty seconds had passed.

'Still time...'

Letting out a low exhale, he began to unzip lightly before freeing his belt, which actually cost a fortune.

But Max didn't let his thoughts dwell on that and loosen the fold of his sleeves a bit.

It was time...

A moment later, he quietly got out and went towards the exit.

Straining the classic door as he pulled it open from behind, he then left it to jam loudly.

"Aissh!"

A sharp hiss escaped his lips, and he began rushing towards the last stall.

Both his zip and belt had been unsealed, revealing the bulge beneath his boxer.

Shortly after he had pulled it out, and a shocked feminine cry resounded.

"Ahhh!" Sophia jerked back in shock, fear and trepidation of being discovered while Max pretended to freeze with a dumb look on his face.

For her, everything happened too fast, before she could react. In fact she had completely dropped down her guard and was leisurely cleaning off the milky white drops on her other hand while letting out a low sigh.

But now she had been caught red handed, for the first time.

Her black blazer was resting on the wc tank. Her ironed white long sleeves however had most of its buttons undone, and roughed up a bit.

There was silence as his eyes settled on the supple portable pair covered in a designer black bra. As he could tell by the woven pattern on it.

Sophia meanwhile had frozen and was staring at his stiff cock with her mouth opened in shock.

'Tsk, Sophia oh Sophia.' Max thought with a bit of disappointment about her portable size, unlike his sister's.

But looking at the girl who usually acted easy going, and seriously focused on studies.

He couldn't help but think of how unlucky she was despite her royal background.

Indeed, the young girl was actually a princess from a royal family.

Though her name was Sophia, she wasn't the first of her name, and was the third princess among her father's daughters.

He had done a background check on her after bumping into their little escaped.

It turned out she had been secretly betrothed to Alex, and the latter had been blackmailing her by threatening to expose this fact.

"Arg- sorry."

Max stuttered a bit,as he quickly pulled back his stiff dick, before trying to exit.

And unexpectedly and expectedly at the same time,a firm delicate palm pulled his arm back.

Coming to quick realization, Sophia felt a sense of panic and urgency rush through her. Her instinct screamed for her to stop the boy who had seen or if possible probably kill, but she couldn't do the latter even if she had the strength to.

Unexpectedly, just as she pulled his arm, she felt a force roughly collide with her chest.

Acting like he had been taken unexpectedly by her grip. Max stumbled backward a bit and his hand happened to slip between her soft bosom.

Silence...

There was a quenching silence, they both glanced at each other, only to freeze an instant later as both eyes locked onto each other.

'Jackpot... Who knew all those Indian Dramas would come in handy one day.' Contrary to his expression, Max's mind was bugging with sly thoughts as his sense of arousal only continued to increase.

To the strange atmosphere, he kept a clueless look while staring straight into her eyes.

Sophia, meanwhile, glanced down a bit and discovered that Max's palm had somehow found its way beneath her black bra with a single slip and folded one of her breasts for support.

Unfortunately, her nipples hadn't escaped his touch either. And as the silence dwelled further, lost and confused at what to do, her body reacted on its own.

'Damn.'

Uncompromising of her little size, her was nipple thick.

'An easy catch? No.'

'It's all because of my timing and villainous mind.'

Max thought to himself as he began a count down to one, starting from three.

'One... Two... Three...'

Noticing no attempt of struggle or denial.

There was stiffness in his action as he brought out his other hand and cupped her face, before placing a kiss on her lips.

Of course he knew or he wouldn't have tried it.

Her deal with Alex had been that she would only jerk him off and let him fondle her breasts.

Slowly their lips clasped under the heated atmosphere. Eliciting a smooch sound. As he pulled her by the waist they next instant.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4: -Princess Sofia**-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As their lips met though,Max stared silently at her closed eyes. Admiring her clear skin and the fragrance of her body from expensive cream she was using and slowly brought down his hand to her waist, pulling her towards him tightly as began to assault her plump little ass through her pleated skirt.

Sophia was a beauty without doubt, but her body? He couldn't tell if she was seductive beneath her uniform, but her figure was ok if anything.

While he pressed his lips into hers, pressing more heat. She relaxed her guard and met him in full force.

Sure, they could share a heated passion all day long but Max knew he wasn't here for that. Romance wasn't even his thing and was only performing so he could claim her to be bitch.

'Bitch, yes bitch.' As their kiss got more intense, the more Max's eyes glinted with more vile intention.

A moment later, he smoothly brought his hand out of her bra, and began to fold them from outside.

But one hand wasn't enough, reeling with lust, he brought up his other hand that had been shaping her and fondled both breasts.

"Mmmmh"

Inhaling sharply, the lustful princess pressed into him more while squirming.

To this, Max urgently pressed her back against the wall, and freed his left hand to grab her neck tightly before swapping to let his breathe scorch her neck.

He was a porn expert anyway, having watched a lot of it than he could count or remember. It was arguable that he knew much more about sex than those who had it.

While this was his first time, this particular act had been envisioned countless times in his mind and dreams.

Pulling a trigger beneath a woman's pants.

To his upgraded assault, he felt Sophia tremble as the level at which she was breathing increased. Stretching her neck even more, while trying to grasp on the wall.

Something he had noticed from the edge of his vision.

Not hesitating he directed both of her hands to his dick.

"Argh"

Feeling a sense of coolness attached to his stiff hot cock, he couldn't help letting off a groan.

Sophia, however, was continuously devastated by a huge frequency of pleasure and bliss traversing her body under his touch.

She couldn't breathe properly, yet her body loved it. And in fact wanted more.

She had never felt like this before, not even while Alex had fondled her breasts.

But now, her body was fully aroused. She was a virgin of course, if anything she only played with toys.

Even her fiance had been denied such privilege in order to maintain her value.

Yet now,to this unknown youth who looked familiar and unremarkable.

Her body was squirming.

"Ahhh" unable to contain it, a short gasp escaped her lips as she felt hands being directed to grab something hot and hard.

Max's fiery cock.

Under her palm, she could feel it pulsate and increase a bit.

Her lust however was rapidly eating away her sanity as she soon felt a slick, wet warmness brush her nipples.

'Torture!' Her mind screamed in silence, as she tried to hush her breath yet could not contain the "Mmmmh".

"Mmmmh"

As she squirmed, her cool hands wrapped around his dick, softly trying to stroke him.

He lowered his neck, and pushed down her black bra a bit. Revealing her hardened quite thick nipple which he then wrapped his mouth around while his tongue tingled round it.

"Ahhh" A soft moan escaped her lips, and he felt her grip on his shaft tighten, before loosening.

Shortly after, there was a little Bam! sound.

Sophia smacked her head on the wall to ease the pleasure she was feeling.

'Finally.' As a sense of excitement drilled into the core of his brain, halting his thoughts a bit.

His mouth latched on top breasts, taking a moment to inhale her fragrance, while ravishing in her the tender feeling of her breasts.

'Breast, oh breasts... Do you know how many nights and dreams I've had with imagination to latch on top of you again.' He quoted shortly in his mind in that moment of silence.

His little pause didn't go unnoticed, just as the young princess was about to glance down at him.

"Mmmmh!" She gasped loudly, her neck rose and her pupils rolled backwards.

He didn't just stop, he pressed his face into her chest, and let his mouth swallow full her supple breast, before sucking it.

After his years of penting, he had finally experienced how it felt to suck breasts again.

"Ahhh!" While Sophia moaned.

Well, she continued squirming after he moved on to the second one.

And after that, his hand moved and rubbed her wet entrance.

However before he could insert a bit, the girl trembled and came on his finger. Falling weakly on his shoulders a moment later, after he sealed off her cry of ecstasy with a kiss.

Quick Note From The Author:

Please As You Read Be Supportive ^⁠_⁠^

I Know My Writing Isn't Outstanding And There Are Many Better Ones Out There, So I'll Try My Best In Describing And Narrating My Ideas More.

Thanks

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5: -Lessons-**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Well, they were done with hers not his.

In the silence she took to recover from her ecstasied state, she also came to realize this.

Because Max's stiff dick was poking her belly, as if taunting her to do something.

Max however maintained decorum and let his prey recover some of her stamina. While keeping his thoughts to himself.

'Less than five minutes left huh?'

While he glanced at his watch, she disengaged from his shoulders.

They didn't exchange words, yet Sophia seemed familiar with what to do.

She kept her eyes glued to his dick, and silently went down on her knees.

Knowing he didn't need to say much, a quick grin quickly plastered his face as he watched her wrap her cool hands around his hot stiffness which made him clench his chin while savoring the sensation.

"Argh" he let out a groan.

Raising his head up with clenched teeths as he readied for the cool warmth to wrap around him.

One... two... three...

The feeling never came...

Glancing down...

'What the fuck?'

Kneeling before him, the damned girl was actually all seriously stroking his dick with no intention of sucking it, leaving him speechless for a while.

'Is this a joke?' Max thought, before a cold smile crept up his lips.

Right now, he was witnessing the highest extent of how unappreciative a girl could be.

'I kissed you. Sucked your damned boobs that have never been appreciated. And made you cum.' While he wanted to list all of the nefarious acts he had done, his raging dick didn't let him.

'Is she actually trying to play me?'

Suddenly a light frown formed on his face, as he ruthless glint flashed past his eyes.

He didn't care anymore, the system never stated in which manner he should accomplish his task any way.

"Arhhhh" there was a light yelp from Sophia, as he swept away her hands from his dick and raised her chin, before placing his cock between her lips. Which seemed reluctant to take in.

"You bitch, which card are you trying to play here?" Watching her feigned ignorance, his tone turned threatening.

'Perhaps not all princesses need princesses treatment.'

While he came to this realization,he sensed her resistance weaken as his dick slipped cooly into her mouth.

"Mmmmh" there was a muffled sound, as her mouth bulged, filled under the uncanny size of his meat.

However the atmosphere was absolutely dull.

She made no movement to try gulp in the rest of him, keeping her hands to herself.

'Oh, wait, what the fuck am I doing?'

'Everything had started out right.' Remembering how they had both locked in a heated kiss, he came to realize a moment later.

'Shit, this isn't porn.I reduced my tempo and actually let her rest after she came.'

'We didn't come to an agreement earlier. And things happened at one chance because I played my cards right. But then I got soft.'

'I am the one who caught her here and she's supposed to be the one pleading. I am the predator and she is my prey. I shouldn't have shown care.' While he blamed his sympathetic heart for this, he engraved these facts within it.

Then he drew his attention back to Sophia. While she made no attempt to pull out his thick, the young brunette hadn't tried to pull him out either.

'Well, isn't this a new opportunity to try a new kink.'

No longer caring of showing the other gender care, he thought to himself that even though he had tried not to be a jerk the situation called for it.

If anything, he had only watched fast paced blow jobs.

So while his big pink head of a prnis was inside her head, he would go for a mouth fuck.

And soon, he grabbed her hair as she kept her head still.

Holding the base of his shaft, he began to slowly move his waist backward, following with a forward thrust.

Kpa!

His balls smacked her chin, as his dick slipped deeper into her mouth with a slurry sound. While his flesh rubbed again the rough surface of her

tongue.

"Hmmm" Max let out a groan as he raised his head while feeling his cock wrapped in her saliva.

Slurr... Slurr... Slurr...

Slowly it started it out, but as he kept on exiting halfway before striking back in. The slurr sound began to match, forming a harmony.

Kpa! Kpa... his balls meanwhile continued slapping her chin, while sending a wave of pleasure through him.

"Arrrrggh" he let out a long sonorous groan, suddenly feeling several fingers wrapping around his stiff cock.

Sophia feeling her entire body lighting up at the thought of being used as cock dispenser couldn't take it anymore, she wanted to feel more of it so she wrapped her hands around it. Spreading more of her saliva atop across the hard meat.

"Mmmmh" she breathed roughly, adjusting her head as it began to move slowly to meet his thrust.

To this, Max felt the level of pleasure he was feeling raised another level.

While they continued their acts, however. There was a sudden click on the main door of the restroom. Followed by the sound of several footsteps.

'Fuck.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6: -Anita-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was 9:18.

Barely two minutes to the end of their break. Meaning that all the students that had gone outside were already flooding. Including those at the cafeteria. Naturally a selected few would decide to use the restroom as a last ditch to waste their time.

In the silence,both Max and Sophia froze as the footsteps got increasingly closer, just until it was right outside their door.

He was up, with his stuck in her mouth. While she was on her knees, one hand around his cock to support her mouth and the other placed on his waist to ease his momentum a little.

'Sure enough she had some experience from watching porn and sucking dildos without doubt.' He thought to himself, feeling the situation rather exciting than trouble.

Just as his dick felt stifler, and throbbed with more excitement. Sophia was taken aback and forced to glance at the unknown youth which she had actually gone down on.

'Just who is he?' She thought to herself, feeling the terror and trepidation in her heart eased by the throb in her mouth. His hardened dick at their current predicament after she had thought of all kinds of scenario and how she would be dead in a few days after commiting suicide because she had been found in the boys restroom.

The appearance of her predator, however, left her speechless. He was completely unremarkable. Attuned to a round haircut which was actually of the 19s, he wore transparent glasses. Though however, he wasn't ugly, neither was he too handsome from the part of facial features she could spot from below because Max had turned slightly to listen to the ongoing conversation between the boys outside.

"Ahh,I just got info from an A rank student from class four...

You know Anita's birthday is by month end right?" The voice paused as it said, giving the others a moment to recall which Anita he was referring to.

"Anita?" A second voice spoke, assuming a doubtful tone as if trying to recall something... Only to be interrupted by the third voice which exclaimed.

"Ooooh, Anita, Rachael's younger sister?"

"Ah,there was a trending rumour last session that she had been promoted, becoming an S Rank Elite Student." The fifth voice added, supporting by the fourth's claim as it took the rest of them a moment to realize who they were talking about.

With the brief pause, Max could imagine the scene outside the door.

The rest of the boys must have turned to the first voice to clarify them on why he had brought it up.

"She'll be inviting B Ranked Students too... It will be shared on the executives forum in two weeks." He added shortly and the whole restroom turned so quiet, apart from the sound of their wee hitting the ceramic.

"Hmm..."

"Ssh-it!"

Feeling his cock twitch, because Sophia boldly rolled her tongue around his dick in that instance. He was barely able to suppress his groan into a humm. And at the same time, the silence was instantly distilled by a loud curse from one of the boys outside.

Glancing down to see Sophia actually giving him blowjob, while pulling back strands of her hair, he was lost for a moment and further thrown into bliss.

His balls twitched.

Meanwhile right outside the door, the rest of the boys seemed to have recovered from their shock after the second voice's shout. And began to hug each other.

There was even the sound of a handshake as Max struggled to listen while the ecstasy within him piled up.

"Isn't this massive?" A new voice asked, with a few "hmmm" responses.

"S Ranked Elite Students will be present. I heard their girls are all world beauties with brains to boot."

"Don't even think of it, I heard they've been marked by several young heirs similar S Ranked as them. And I heard those bastards actually undergo special martial training from dangerously renowned Underworld Agents. There's no doubt they already have blood on their hands."

"A fool's errand if you ask me."

"While they may be out of reach, bedding A Ranked Students isn't impossible though... As long as you have the looks and skills for it those proud bitches would actually suck you off."

"Shit David, you seem experienced with this." Noticing how the other youth advised smugly with confidence, it didn't take the rest of them long to realize.

"Haha... I was once an A Ranked, so of course I'll know those bitches which make things for me." He confirmed their thoughts, while even boasting.

"I knew I was right to have befriended you... Show us the way."

"Haven't you been planning to complete your Evil Jordan Collection? I just remembered I was able to acquire one of those last week..."

Click!

'Jordans uh?' Max thought as their voices trailed off, leaving behind a click as the door closed.

But more important than the rare designer sneakers highly sought for in this world, he had picked up something important from their conversations.

Usually, only B Ranked Students were allowed to announce or host birthday parties while inviting classmates.

A ranked students could invite B to their parties.

While S Ranked Elites were given full authority to announce, host and invite whoever they wanted. Excluding those from C downward.

Any of these rules defied would result in demotion by one rank. And only the gods knew how hard it would be for them to be promoted again.

"Argh"

Sensing the stimulating tension in his balls, he kept still for a moment before thrusting his dick.

Slurp!

Eliciting a slurpy sound, as he began releasing his seeds in her mouth.

Slurp!

"Mmmmh!" Sophia meanwhile appeared to be struggling to breath.

Her hair had been forcefully held buy just as she wanted him to pull out.

"Hmmm" He groaned shortly, gritting his dick as he felt his dick rapidly grow placid.

Ding! Ding!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7: -Miss Linda-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ding! Ding! Ding!

The electronic bell ranged signifying the end of their break, just as Max cummed.

There was no movement for a moment as both tried to recover.

Max especially whose placid dick drew a thin line to Sophia's lips as he pulled out.

Wrapping a handful of toilet rolls , he made a quick swipe around his pinkish tip before disposing it inside the wc.

Though he didn't want to show the least bit of care. Her appearance didn't let him.

Her ironed shirt had been roughed beyond form, and her black bra barely hanging onto her shoulders.

While no one would probably notice if he missed a class. It couldn't say the same for ungrateful princesses.

Staying with her for the next few seconds will awaken his little warrior.

So he quietly left without saying anything...

Click!

The door closed as he left her to care for herself.

'System have my tasks been accomplished? I didn't hear any notification.' He spoke inwardly after appearing in the grand hallway.

[No]

[Task still in progress, host is still a Virgin and yet to fuck the Target.]

[But due to Host Taboo Acts in the school premises with Sophia.Bonus stats would be added upon Task Completion.]

The System added shortly after, leaving Max to ponder a bit before giving a silent nod.

'Ok.'

It seemed things weren't going to be as easy as he thought. Today was Thursday, meaning they didn't have any free schedule. Even more, he had never thought he would be having sex within the school so it would take him some time to find a secret place that wasn't already being used to carry out such acts.

'Hey System, Is it possible I fuck her at home?'

Suddenly he paused, waiting for the System's response which came not long after.

[Yes] The System responded.

[But in such cases, the host reward may be reduced]

'Shit' but before Max could speak, however, the System continued.

[System would also like to remind Host that only Taboos resulting from anything School related counts]

While it said this,Max realized two things.

One, he couldn't go fuck about and be rewarded.

Two, the system had given a very important hint.

'System, are other Taboo Acts done without being an assigned Task count?'

[Yes, but with a huge deduction reward]

[Outside this, Host receives a side bonus points. Fingering, lustful kisses, smooching and quickies done to non targets within school premises earns bonus points.]

'Yes!'

Just then, Max screamed inwardly as he clenched his fist, before inhaling.

To the transparent words written mid air and the voice in his head, he couldn't be more happier.

But he held against these thoughts, suddenly realizing that the System said his rewards would be reduced. Currently the two he had received were now practically involved with his future paths and progress.

There was the thought of how to fuck Sophia. After all he knew the school more than any one and there were cameras in many places.

'That's right, S Elite Students all have a small condo granted by the school.' As he came to think about it however, there was a sudden interruption.

Thud!

He felt two thick supple plumps collide with his chest as his mind froze for a moment, taking him a moment to visualize through the transparent screen that there was someone before him exiting his classroom.

Well, he was just about to enter the class anyway.

But the other person seemed to be in a rush, and jammed into him in her hurry.

Yes, she was a female, a lady and a quite petite one at that. Just under 5'4",with dirty blonde short hair packed behind her ears in a corporate manner.

'Miss Linda?' Max thought to himself, seemingly to realize who she was and then glanced down at scattered books on the ground while bending to hurriedly pick them.

Of course, the teacher wouldn't let him.

Coming to her senses, after having her tears jolted by their collision. She began mouthing a series of apologies.

"Sorry, sorry, sorry..."

Max heard the geek, chemistry teacher apologize, sincereness etched in her voice... even more striking was the teariness in it, as she began scrambling the other pieces of paper while he gathered the books.

Meanwhile, he was confused and reeling from their contact at the same time, while trying to comprehend what happened.

Miss Linda was their Science Teacher, smart and brilliant among others that it was said she also taught the S Elites Students due to her way of breaking down formulas, productively detailed in her teaching that even a dullard would become enlightened when listening to her teach.

However,she seemed to lack confidence in her petite stature from what he had observed. She wore loose clothes unlike other teachers, was looked down on even by the students for this.

Over the years it looked like her trauma had gotten worse.

Currently she seemed to be in a panic mode, with tears in her eyes.

That was to say he hadn't failed to realize her customized pair of glasses were no longer on her face.

"Thank you" he heard her with tears streaming down her rosy cheeks.

'Fuck' Max's mind meanwhile was still in a state of surprise after feeling her breasts when they collided.

But not minding, his body reacted with a nod while he watched walk a way with quickened steps, tightly grasping both arms as she held the books to her chest.

Ding!

Shortly Max heard it...

[System has detected a Taboo Source around the Host.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8: -Epic Task-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[System has detected a Taboo Source around the Host.]

[Source Confirmed.]

[Host shall hereby receive an Epic Task]

[Epic Task: Adventure With My Petite Science Teacher.]

[Bed Miss Linda.]

[No forms of blackmail or persuasion should be used.]

[Use of Aphrodisiac, Sleeping Drugs or anything other thing considered a Violation on Target is strictly Forbidden]

At the end of it, Max watched as the "Forbidden" turned ominously red. Causing him to freeze in shock.

'Forbidden? What the fuck? Isn't this a Taboo System?'

One, two... He kept on mouthing one curse after the other at the System which showed no response as it seemed to be processing something.

[Rewards To Be Granted To Further Motivate The Host.]

[A Whole Rank Upgrade and 1 Stats Point]

It added, making Max who stood frozen at the closer door almost fall on his knees.

'A cucking whole Upgrade? I'll be damned!' While he wanted to wonder how the System could possibly grant him such a reward. He flung these thoughts away and Willed on [Accept]

[Host Has accepted an Epic Task...]

[Creating Task Board...]

[Task Board

Taboo Task-

Target Sophia(unaccomplished)

Epic Task:Adventure With My Petite Science Teacher. Unaccomplished]

...

Teens were still teens, whether they were from rich or poor families didn't matter, they acted similar in school.

To his arrival, the whole class seemed to be engaged in a lively conversation. Laughing, giggling, and some serious ones simpli occupied with books. Few gave him a dismissing glance before acting oblivious to his presence...

Just as it should have been on a normal day.

But not today...

Max's eyes searched through the class and instantly marked the center of attention, the cause of the ongoing liveliness. When they were supposed to be having a class.

'Arthur.' Max thought to himself, recognizing the blonde haired youth who sat ruggedly and arrogant on his desk while engaged in a conversation with more than four girls.

"What's this? A ten dollar glass?"

"Hahaha" To his words, a series of soft giggles rang after.

'Bitches.'

Seeing this, Max controlled his expression, subtly masking his disgust to the girls laughing to a rubbish joke while he began walking forward.

"... Or it was passed down from her grans. Who knows. I feel disgusted holding this in fact." As he tried to crack another lame joke about the glasses.

The sound of quick steps, and Max's usually concealed presence released, automatically started to gather attention towards him as everyone began to notice an obscure figure heading towards Arthur who sat at the front middle row.

"Can't even study science with the way she dresses..."

'Bastard.'

"Well... No one blames your mother for giving birth to a proud fool."

His voice wheezed through the whole classroom, enacting a pause. He sneered at Arthur's stunned facial expression, before cooly taking away the glasses from his grip.

As if that wasn't enough.

His composed facade, while holding back the threatening grin and a cheering mind at the thought of being the center of attention. Seemingly improved to a cool classic one as he slipped out a white hanky from his jacket and began wiping the glasses under their speechless stares.

'Oh the gods, I wish this was an Aura System... I would have fucking maxed it out.'

It was as if they had all been enraptured by his acts, and stayed silent without moving till he seemed to be done.

Following that, he placed the pair of glasses in his own case and closed it with a click.

Click!

As little as that sound reverberated, it was as clear as a high note in their ears.

The majority who held their breath finally exhaled, and Arthur whose arm remained raised all these while finally came to his senses.

His face had all his blood drained from it,pale for a moment before being filled with vigor. Scrunch up,it folded and formed, humiliation, shame, anger, rage and filled with viciousness.

The unknown yet familiar youth had gone too far.

"I am Arthur, a descendant and prince of the Trojan Royal family you bastard!" He exploded, jumping down from his desk with clenched fist, while pointing his other arm at Max's turned back.

Such humiliation...

'Such weak lines...'

'So now, am I supposed to say I am the son of a prestigious business owner and I just stuck my dick down a princess's throat?'

Of course he knew that the Trojan Royal Family was among the first rate ones in the world. But being a prince of such didn't really matter to Max.

They were in class five for fuck sake.

Elite Metropolitan operated on individual Ranks that could be raised by high marks, performance and behavior.

That said they couldn't really keep those of the same Ranks in a single class considering they didn't all share the same social standing outside school.

So instead they were all mixed, scions who held the positions of heirs in their family stayed in Class One.

Class Two was less, and the same went for all lower ones. Although the whole second year would mix up often, there was a borderline.

A prince in Class Five meant he held little to no social standing in his family. A prince and nothing more.

"Are you so sure?"

Turning to face the former, he waved the glass case in hand while furrowing his brows.

Unfortunately, no one seemed to understand what his act meant...

"Oh, don't you know harassing or disrespecting a Metropolitan Teacher is a great offense that could ban the next generation of your family from attending this School?"

Appearing puzzled, he seemed to give the whole class a round glance while they appeared to reason his words.

"No... But it says here that a harassed teacher is given full rights after providing evidence, to ban or suspend whoever it was that offended them."

To Max's surprise, someone actually spoke up. Attracting the attention of the class.

Unexpectedly, it was their class president.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9: -First Step-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Unexpectedly, it was their class president.

The latter was standing while holding an expensive tab which he seemed to have read out from.

'Two against one?'

Arthur was taken aback by this unexpected change. Of course his rage had been quenched by these words too.

And he realized that his unchallenged influence through this class since he came was rapidly crumbling under the effect of one person.

Max, but he didn't even know his name.

'Hmmm, this is interesting. He seems to have been biding his time all this time and I gave him the time to strike.' Unlike the usual cliche, he was the only one wearing glasses.

To Max and Simon, the class president little gesture. Nodding towards each other, Arthur felt the quelled rage in his heart set ablaze once more with greater furiousity and vile purpose.

'I can't take this anymore.' So he thought, before letting his anger swallow his mind.

"Face me bastard!" He bellowed out, thoroughly angered and charged towards Max who had expected him to act.

'Dumb dumb.'

Watching the later rush forward to punch him. He calmly took one step forward, and swiped his other leg like he wanted to kick a ball.

Before Arthur could feel himself free in the air for a seconds. He felt his other leg which was about to pumpel him into the air. Swiped with a bone breaking force. His leg could have been shattered of course, but Max didn't use his toe.Instead he hooked with his ankle and swept him upward.

As he felt his senses disorienting,he saw Max shift slightly to the side, and the floor became increasingly closer than it had been.

Dum!

While he was able save the front of his skull from shattering by instinctively using his hands to defuse the force of his decent.

There was a slight crack! Sound and his jaw kissed the floor.

"Arrrrggh!" Shortly after the dum, Arthur screamed.

Thankfully each classroom was sound proofed.

"Self-defense." Max calmly stated, maintaining his facade as a cool quiet guy by raising the bridge of his glasses.

"Hmmm" Simon nodded with speechlessness while moving to help up Arthur. He was the class president after all.

'Yo, that was fucking awesome!!!'

"Yessss" Unable to contain his boiling blood, he gritted his teeth and pulled a punch to the air.

Not only that, he really wanted to punch the wall but held back.

Anime and Korean highschool dramas, had both contributed to his act back there.

Exhaling and Inhaling deeply...

'I am the fucking protagonist, bring it on you shit heads.'

"Arrrrggh" suddenly he couldn't take it in anymore and shouted upon remembering that each classroom was sound proofed so no one from would hear it. Though he felt a tense sense to jump excitedly he was able to maintain those.and kept on walking quietly towards Miss Linda office.

...

Knock! Knock!

His knock was brittle, and calmly placed.

Miss Linda's Office was located in the Staffroom section of the second floor. But unlike the other teachers, she had a single office to herself. Showing just how much she was highly valued by the school upper echelons. Earning dislikes from her Colleagues.

There was no response...

Knock... while he wanted to knock again, he paused upon realizing the door wasn't closed and pushed it open.

Only that at the same time, there was also another thud! in the room.

Just as the wooden door behind her closed, leaving behind a dull thud as she froze in surprise at the unexpected visitor, or rather youth that entered her office.

"...Miss Linda?" Max called out after a brief pause as his eyes settled on her dainty wet hairlines stuck to her forehead.

'Fuck, I never knew she was this pretty!' While his thoughts exclaimed, registering every little attractive detail on her. His expression was coolly composed with a bit of heaviness clouding it, as her silence registered in the atmosphere.

His petite teacher showed no response, appearing to have frozen, as her cheeks heavily flooded with embarrassment, not wanting to meet his observing eyes. She jittered a bit, not knowing what to do.

'Is he coming to...?'

She had realized that he was the simple looking youth she rammed into on her way out just now.

'But he didn't look so imposing right?' As she thought back in her panic stricken state for no reason, she quickly noted a few distinct features about him.

He had an athletic body.

"I am Max from Class Five..." Stating this, he seemed to hesitate before taking a step forward, fully closing the door behind him.

But the petite lady seeing this, trembled and took one step backward, her mind having exaggerated his actions only to realize he had stated his identity.

'Max?' Her thoughts instantly spun, and a moment later she remembered that there was indeed a Max in Class Five who almost never attended her class at least.

'Yoooo'Max drew a long exclamation in his mind, contradicting his composed expression while being surprised by the level of cautiousness in her eyes.

'Oh, please don't compare me to those jerks and losers that would rape a woman.' he wanted to say exasperatedly but held back.

"You forget this " Deciding not to move further, he brought the case, and with a click opened it to reveal the pair of expensive transparent glasses within.

'Huh?'

Completely taken back, her eyes boggled at Max's next action.

He fell on his knees and gave a short bow, lingering for a moment before staring up at her as he spoke with heaviness, depicting that he was reliable and very responsible.

"I am sorry for my classmate's lack of home training or manners. Not every noble blood were taught noble etiquette... But please pardon such manners and come back to teach us."

"Not only me, but the whole school knows you're one the best educators Elite Metropolitan has to offer."

" I've also checked and discovered that you're the second youngest Master of Science in the world. While there was an option to go further and earn your place among the true hidden Elites of the society and further humanity in its research, you chose to wait at the gate, calling and growing our negligent selves into your wonderful discovery."

"I have listened, been there to every one of your classes, and it's nothing less than a fascination each time by your wonderful ability to break down each component, making knowledge easily understood and stored..."

The pause was brief, Max continued...

"Reproduction during Biology Class was my best ever..." He concluded, finally lowering his gaze into her eyes and making it vivid that he was appraising her chest...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10: -Impression-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

She couldn't believe it.

An Elite Metropolitan student, even the lowest ranked of them, was a Scion from a well known enterprise, family, ruling politicians in their respective Countries. So naturally, they had an innate pride imbued into them. Most apprehensive about the way people saw them, their reputation.

All these seemed to have been thrown into the trash by the unremarkable youth before her. Even bowing, he went on to talk about how he's long admired her... Digging info about her.

Most things she wanted to hide and were only known to big shots.

Which student would develop such interest into her if not being for mock anyway... Her thoughts had been shadowed. But Max seemed to have illuminated all these things...

He talked about the day she taught on Biology about Reproduction. That day she had been forced to put on a safety mask for no reason. Her cheeks had flushed completely red from her inability to compose herself and often flustered. Exposing her in experience, and a day after that. It was a known rumour that she was a virgin despite her age. Mocking secret letters were written after that. She had recognized almost all the handwriting but chose to keep silent in pain and ache.

But this certain youth, while on his knees before her, said that was the best of her lessons.

She was very smart, so she could tell that he wasn't mocking her. As if they were just honest facts he had kept to himself for a long time.

As she felt warmth blooming in her heart, with tears wanting to drown her lashes...

She felt his gaze trace down to her chest, boldly examining them like it was some kind of treasure he hadn't seen before.

Instantly, her reaction was like a Mimosa pudica plant.

The tears and warmth in her heart receded as her cheeks flushed pink with shyness.

She couldn't believe it for a moment, but Max looked pleased before standing up.

Her arms wrapped around her chest closely watching him as he handed over the glass case.

'Oscar where art thou! I think it's time to bestow me what is mine...

Wait, could my best fort be acting all these while ... Arrrrh! Shit. Had I known I would have become a top star by now. Oooohhhhh.'

As his thoughts screamed in jubilation, he noticed she was yet to take it. Still covering her chest.

'What the fuck bro'

While he thought she was exaggerating how good her boobs had felt at that moment. He composedly turned back.

Soon he felt the case lighten.

Finally bringing down his arm... he sighed shortly not turning back, but moved to open the door while facing the opposite direction.Losing the chance to see her clouded cheeks.

It was at this moment she realized she was covering her chest from a highschool kid.

'No, no, no ...' As she tried to push away her jittered thoughts, Max gentle-manly opened the door.

"Thank you." She muttered a barely audible appreciation to her highschool student while passing through the door.

Unexpectedly, he walked forward and grabbed the book from her before she could react.

'There you go, Impression successfully achieved.'

A responsible, quiet boy that has interest in her. Even more so at her breasts.

He had revealed his intentions, laying a proper foundation for their future relationship.

Max walked forward, and she walked behind with her head lowered. Trying to hide her blushing cheeks. Max acted so much like a man that she forgot she was much older than him.

Soon, they arrived at the class. And Max slided open the door to reveal a silent classroom.

He stepped away from the door letting Miss Linda come in, as she appeared taken aback by the scene. The class was dead organized and quiet.

And at the center, there was a red stain on the ground... And as her eyes moved further, she realized Arthur's seat was empty.

To that, Max said calmly in a cool manner.

"He should be in the clinic by now... Sorry to delay your classes." As his words rang in her ears over and over again, a fair blush crept her cheeks.

Recovering, she realized Max was arranging her books on the center table before the class.

'Huff, what a stress.'

To the surprise of everyone in the classroom, he had gone to sit at the back. His seat. But it was then they all realized the unremarkable youth on glasses was their classmate.

Sure they could have instantly burst out clamoring to express their surprise. But they seemed very cautious and on edge not wanting to annoy him. Especially those who realized they were sitting close to him.

The biggest dog had been taken down by an unknown under dog. A much dangerous one at that.

Max wouldn't talk much, but as time went on these would be their assumption due to his quietness.

Miss Linda though was taken for another spin of surprise, the order of the class.

'Aiish, now I'll be taken for a dangerous but nice guy who hates when teachers are being disrespected.'

The class went on and he was especially attentive, due to the peeking glance he was receiving from his petite teacher occasionally.

. . .

Ding! Ding! Ding!

.gg/rRu4RTdp

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11: -Its Him-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ding! Ding! Ding!

The electronic bell rang, signifying the end of their final lesson. And the same time the tension broke. Everyone seemed to be in a hurry to do something.

A minute later, Max sat with speechlessness under his calm facade.

'I swear I haven't seen them this hurried before.'

In fact, he had always been the first to leave the class for the past, more than one year. Taking their moment of obliviousness, being preoccupied with small talks between themselves. He would calmly walk out

But today, Class Five was the first to have all their students assembled in the Hallway.

If anything, there was no doubt he would be the topic of their discussion so he chose to spend the next ten minutes on doing something else instead.

'Finally' Max sighed, excitement clouding his expression as he brought out his phone.

A black Diamond 1 Series that was uncommonly used among the Elites.

Diamond was similar in fame to the iPhones marketed by Apple in his previous life, on earth to be precise.

Extremely valued for their exaggerated prize, and considered a trend.

Not using it would have made him stand out than he hoped, and possibly be named a poor loser.

'Even a loser would use this anyway.'

Other than the Black Series, there was Silver, Gold, and then Diamond. Each differing prizes.

His black series, however, was worth as much as the Gold ones, since he had much more money to spend than his allowance.

Tap tap tap... The minute movement of his fingers created subtle sounds as he inputted his passcodes.

(F U C K Y O U) He typed, imbuing a space between each capital letter. As it showed unlocked, a sly smirk crept up his chin as he stared at the screen saver.

One of his glorious encounters.

It was the scene of the Principal suffocating himself between two huge bosoms belonging to the P.E Instructor of the Girls Team.

A pervert, stalker, nerd, jerk... He could be any of those as long as his heart found it justified to whom he was doing it to.

He had long since taken control of the school cameras without them knowing.

He wasn't lacking preys, and could possibly blackmail anybody he wanted.

'Ah, a hot sex in the locker room sounds thrilling.' As he thought of this, he felt his blood gathering between his legs. Quickly dispersing these thoughts, he hurriedly exhaled and taped on the black white icon with a star.

(Star Gram) The most popular social media and was a flexing ground for the rich scions to oppress and compete with each other.

(Max)

His name appeared alongside his profile picture which was a picture of his abs.

'Eight fucking packs. Oh my, never dreamt of that.' much more than his carved chest, he admired his abs more.

(0 Followers and Following)

He glanced at his followers and quickly shook his head.

'Well, my undercover time is over, it's time to start playing it big. It's time to show the world you boys.'

Grinning from ear to ear he tapped on the search icon before typing in a few words which then brought out the profile of a girl in white star dress and her long dirty brown hair tied in a pony tail being her. Her expression was light, she didn't look cheerful nor happy, only a false smile.

Max paused for a moment before shaking his head.

'Poor girl.' He thought to himself, imagining the several trauma she had been put through to put on such expression.

'Hmm, she seems to be the type of girl with no character. Those who had been robbed of the ability to make decisions for themselves. Often bent to the Will of others and managing to look just fine.' Max thought to himself as he stared at her thin lips remembering the cold scene when he parted them with his cock.

He made a few enlargements and swipes before exiting the picture.

Then the inbox icon turned colorless as he taped on it. Bringing him to her dm.

'My my, the internet is a world of its own.'

Contradicting his thoughts his fingers typed another thing.

(You took my virginity.)

Those were the only words he typed.

Seeing the marked icon which meant it had been sent.

He smirked, choosing to leave it at that. This was enough to tell her who he was.

Although, ten minutes wasn't up, he'd nothing to do, so he decided to leave...

The moment he opened the door though...

"It's him."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12: -Third Commotion -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"It's him."

"It's him, wasn't referring to him though but another person at the center of the commotion.

Yes, commotion.

Currently the whole hall was jam packed, and filled with unfamiliar faces. There were several clamoring and various hushed whispers here and there to the newcomers who were clueless to what was happening.

And Max being one of them was quick to react, closing the door behind while shuffling his bag around his neck to add a bit of ruggedity to his appearance.

Sure enough he blended well in.

"What's happening?"

"Dude, a boy from Class 5 rammed into Lorenzo from Class 2's girlfriend. You know Kats right?"

"Yeah, I heard she's a bitch."

"Shit, better shut your mouth or you might as well get ganged up on."

Max glanced at the two boys in Metropolitan uniform thinking they were hushing to themselves.

Meanwhile, standing beside them, he was fully engrossed in what they were discussing since the taller one of them had also just arrived.

"Well, she claims that the boy sneakily grabbed her tits."

"Damn, lucky bastard."

"What? Of course not, she measley wanted to smite him for not moving out of her."

Imagining the scene of the proud boastful girl, walking with her bouncing tits and little convoy around her.Max inwardly nodded.

'Indeed.'

He knew Kats, she was indeed one of the top bitches among the second senior year students.

Despite being in Class 3, her daring appearance of unbuttoning the first few buttons of her shirt, and revealing a slight peek of her cleavage. Her huge boobs caged, but the color of her bra was often transparent to see anytime she took off her cardigan or blazer... had earned her the favour of the male youths from Class 1 & 2. Each meant to inherit the most excellent position in their family companies, and wanted to get into her pants.

Also, she was a bitch as long as his opinion was concerned. In the dark corners of the socker students locker room, she often sucked dicks and had facials implemented on her.

She was a cunning and dirty bitch at the same time. However, he didn't know the extent she had truly gone. But he suspected she was barely hanging on to her virginity.

All the videos of her he had but was yet to truly watch never included a scene of her being fuvked.Unlike some whore.

Apart from that, the past more than one year had been torturous, but his Will however, after resisting those temptation had hardened to an almost invincible state.

He continued listening to the hush gossip...

"I take back my words, very unlucky."

"Well, she called on Lorenzo, and the bastard hijacked the Boy, wanting to beat him up in the name of harassment..."

"Fucking sly." The taller youth of the two cut in again, with a fake facade of sympathy.

Harassment was definitely a good excuse to beat someone up.

On a normal day the school severely punished bullying and unwarranted exchange between students. But if the reason was valid, the punishment received would be very light.

Over the years, there have been many set up, false accusations of harassment to beat people up.

Just like what would be happening to the poor boy.

"Class 5 huh?" Max thought to himself as he shook his head softly.

Perhaps it was his fault.

However, the gossiping duo beside him wasn't done.

"Things only just got interesting though..."

"Class 5 President bursted in to stop the assault with a video, an evidence against Kat's claim, now they are in a deadlock..."

'Huh?'

"Alright! It's all settled!" Suddenly, a man's voice bellowed, ensuring an end to the chaos. Probably one of the teachers.

Just up ahead, Max noticed several movements. And a few moments later, the hold up in the hallway became loose, and easier to traverse.

'Well, that sure ended quickly.'

Shaking his head, he soon exited the hallway. Appearing right outside the building's entrance.

There, right before was a huge sparse space occupied with various sports and fancy cars.

The ground was an even produce of constant black asphalt. Neat, it was confusingly bright under the sunlight.

A treatment that was weekly given to it to wipe away the screech marks of several drifts practiced at the entryway daily.

Just like right now.

Pimmmmmm!

The sharp horn blarred, scaring a few into scurrying away.

Then was followed by a VROOOOM! VROOOM! VROOOM!

Their engines hummed, accelerating then decreasing the next instant with a sharp turn. Rounding the pyramid like Star topiary at the center with little brick blockade to surround it.

By the way, the Star signified Elite Metropolitan.

Watching all these though, as a male, the engine sound of various expensive and exquisite cars reverberating made his blood boil.

'Such flex...' Once again, Max remembered he had fulfilled his loser quest and could now ravage in many fanciful lifestyles he had withheld from.

Slowly a creepy smile formed on his face, as he took in the luxurious sight.

But just when he meant to step down...

Smash!

There was a sudden commotion to the west, being the third today.

Max's eyes darted and located where the sound came from...

The next instant though, a smile curled up his lips.

To the west, where the more luxurious cars usually packed. Two people stood out the most, not because they had imposing appearance but because of the natural distance that had been formed by the rest of the crowd who seemed to have been spectating for a while now... before the smash.

'What a joke.'

It was actually Kats, the bitch from Class 3 who was dating Lorenzo who was said to be from Class 2.

The dude had been so passionate a few minutes ago, and had to beat one his classmates up to prove his love to her, but now she had broken up with him.

And as a usual charade of madness, she actually broke his windshield glass.

"Don't worry, I'll have my insurance cover that!"

She screamed as she sassily walked away, obviously vexed.

Though Max hadn't witnessed it all, he could tell what had gone down.

Visit Discord For Image Reference: .gg/rCGNpR3S

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13: -Home-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

To the glued eyes of the crowd who he couldn't curse out at after spotting several Class 1 students in toe.

Bang!

He stepped forward and punched the windshield. An open fancy Ferrari.

Vrooom!!

Jumping inside, the engine rolled to life, followed by a screech, before rolling out through the gate.

'Damn, that was a total loss.'

Grinning at these thoughts, he walked down the little stair.

Following several loud curses and a discussion of what happened.

This time however, he needed no one to tell him.

From Lorenzo's contorted expression.

He could instantly tell that the former wasn't well versed in the game and Kats had played him.

The pitiful teen didn't actually get the highly priced blowjob, talk less of painting her face in his cum.

He had been a fool if anything. Or perhaps it was the thoughts of sucking her melons that had deteriorated his sense of self.

Not only did the idiot reduce his standard, being a Class 2 student there were several other beauties worthwhile to date and satisfy his needs...

The idiot actually stooped low and forgot he was the one who had the higher ground.

Kats needed him to sustain her prestige, yet he fell to her petty schemes. And now breaking up with him had raised her prestige while he would be looked down on by his Classmates because he had failed to win the prize like others before him. There was no doubt he would be exempted from their social group.

He knew all these...

'This should be interesting...'

Up ahead, his rare piece of old antique was packed, waiting for him.

Hiring a driver was quite lame from his point of view, so he didn't get one. He loved his privacy and chose to ride alone.

As for his older sister, she was an SS Ranked Elite Student. S Rank Students had a different building, same with lawn and parks.

Her jerk of a boyfriend would drive her home on a normal day. If they were having problems however, she would call Mr Williams to come pick her up in one of her fancy cars.

He didn't care though, he was living his life and she was living hers.

A principle he had grown himself into avoiding her.

Flicking the key on. The car kicked to life with a smooth whirring sound, followed by a few clicks here and there. As several of its systems turned on.

He waited slightly, for a moment before slowly hitting on the accelerator. Throwing several glances at the familiar faces he saw. Those from Class 1.

The journey went quietly,the road was sparse and free enough for speeding fancy cars. There was also an additional view of flashing avenue trees.

...

About thirty minutes later he arrived at their estate gate.

Actually his father owned it but nobody knew since they also lived there.

...

On the clear asphalt road, with tall European ash trees aligned by the side to block out some part of the sun.

Top tier fancy mansions and duplexes, with huge lawn, each with a stone fountain, and several triopty??: art act work. Layed by the side.

Upon reaching the third block, he calmly pulled onto the brakes and began turning into the driveway.

"Arrrrggh!" With a long exhausting yawn, Max got out of the car while stretching his body.

"Home sweet home!" His voice resounded through the empty surroundings as he neither cared if one of the neighbors would hear him.

He had been doing this everyday for a long time now. With only one report.

Their neighbor's daughter who attended an all girls highschool reported.

That was it. Despite being aware of this, he acted like he wasn't.

'That girl is always fully clothed anyway.'

Shaking his head lightly, he began thinking about the system and walked in.

Beep! Beep! Beep!

After three beep sounds, the door automatically pushed up.

Revealing the grand interior of bright white color, and contrasting chocolate which further added a unique sense to the breathtaking sight.

Lavish, exotic, grand and the same time one could feel a sense of comfy warmth from it despite how empty the house was.

There was a complete parlour chair set ideally rounding the empty fireplace, ash gray in color, it did well to blend into the grandness, adding civility to it.

More to the right was the dining room which he had never seen being used, but was organized and clean.

Then there was the wine cellar to show there was a man in the house.

Just from standing at the entrance, everything was already in sight.

Including the exquisite kitchen, with bland orderliness to it

Of all the places in the house, other than his room. He visited there often.

Such luxury that he could watch on tv in his previous life, he would feel and enjoy every taste of it in his current life.

To the left, the marble tiles were a contrasting dark brown color to the rest of the sparkling white ones.chocolate.

It extended upward, across the stairs to the lounge. There was an open railing, granting a grand view of the lower from above.

Each of their rooms had a restroom and other private space they needed.

The house was too big for three of them anyway.

'Oh right I have no mothers in both of my lives.'

As he had these thoughts, he exhaled lightly and headed towards the stairs.

'Home isn't that sweet after all.'

'Life never gives things in full.'

'A luxurious empty house, what a joke. In the future I'm going to fill it up with beauties carrying my child.'

'Then I'll be damned.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14: -I Want You -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Next Day...

His eyes glistened with cold allure as he stared at the seen icon which marked that his message had been received and successfully read thirty minutes ago.

His impression that every sane teen in this age and era was an internet person, especially those who had things to flaunt, had received a huge rebuttal today.

The message he sent the previous day was just showing it had been received by the other person thirty minutes ago, viewed a moment after that and was yet to reply.

While he wanted her to savor the feeling of panic, his heart turned cold each passing moment seeing his message was yet to be responded to.

Suddenly, the door was pulled open making everyone disengage from whatever discussion they were having and head back to their respective seats.

Their first class was beginning, Extensive Mathematics.

...

Ding! Ding! Ding!

The electronic bell rang once more, signifying it was time for their break.

And at the same time...

Zzz! Zzz! Zzz!

...His phone buzzed silently in his pocket.

Bringing it out, his inbox icon had a new red little 1 to it.

At his thoughts, he could feel his blood begin to steam with lust.

In Fact his erection had long built up through to the whole of the class. It was thanks to his carefully picked boxer that it remained concealed.

Tapping on it, the text read...

(Sorry I can't)

Above it, was Max's second text...

(Meet me at the restroom) The time wasn't specified but she was supposed to know that it would be now.

'Huh? Does she think I'm a fool or not ruthless enough.' His face subtly turned grim at the series of words.

Yesterday he had laughed at Lorenzo, but now it seemed the table had turned towards him.

'You wish...'

As this thought bloomed in his heart, with a sneer.

Zzz!

There was a second text.

(I beg you, please)

Instantly, he fell into thoughtful silence.

'Well... this is unexpected.'

Zzz!

(Pleaaasssssse!)

His phone buzzed again.

'She... seems desperate huh? Could something have happened?'

'Fuck!'

As his thoughts drifted, he cursed in his heart and stared at the screen for a while before getting up.

He chose not to reply. He was going to visit the cafeteria instead. For the first time, just like a normal student would.

To the biscuits in his bag...

'Bye bye sweeties.'

However, he kept a composed silent look as he headed towards the door.

The classroom was almost empty and those remaining, quickly gave him a respected moment and paused till he exited.

'Life of a big shot.' As he thought of this, he fought back a wild grin.

...

"Hell yeah, he was so freaking fast"

"No, I think it was all bumped up."

"Wrong calculation, you've must have messed it up. You always do.'

"Oh my, let me see."

"It's nothing actually, got it from Louis. My Uncle owns the branch though."

"There... perfect."

"Surely, we ain't going to stand through for the music class right?"

Excited chatter, flatters, arguments, he could even pick out several notification sounds.

The Cafeteria was huge, very spacious in fact, and well ventilated with several aromas.

Chicken with this, chicken with that. Lobster that and this... Were being ordered, specifically main gourmet dishes.

Most of the students had flanked to their familiar groups and tables.

Class 1 & 2 had cumulatively formed their section. Excluding themselves from the rest of the other classes.

To this sight, Max calmly observed.

'So many preys.'

Spotting many familiar, he felt his heart trump with excitement at what he would soon do to them.

'This is going to be fun.'

He walked towards the counter.

...

"What a jerk"

As the voice came earning several glances from the dining students. And mostly especially Max whose eyes had been roaming about for a while.

A bit of her button was undone, revealing her fair cleavage.

Much could be said about her revealed thighs. But his eyes located someone else.

Alongside the new arrivals was Sophia. Her dead pair of nonchalant eyes seeming to have located him too.

'Eh? What the fuck is going on? When did she join?'

As he thought about how she suddenly became Kats underling. He also watched her quake at his gaze but expressionlessly followed beside Kats with several others.

'Hmmm'

But it seemed that was the beginning though.

As he observed the conversing group of girls claim an already occupied table, excusing those who were on it previously.

Dumm! Dumm! Dumm!

There was a sudden loud blaring of hip hop music.

'Ayesha.'

His eyes finally gained something of interest to it. He watched the brown skin beauty walk in with her own group. An a blaring speaker in her hand.

A classic beauty from Class 2, her father was a famed musician across the globe. She held the record for holding the most parties in their senior year.

Other than that, she was a vibrant dancer. The Queen of Twerking.

She had a big ass. Though wasn't that blessed in the front aspect, she knew how to use both to make her moves embodied several fantasies.

Her twerks alone had already caused hundreds, if not thousands of wet dreams.

The way she twerked her ass was on a whole new realm.

Often he found himself fantasizing what it would be to receive a ride from her.

'Only if.'. Surprisingly, despite her bitching and wild behavior. She had never been engaged on school grounds, other than her kissing her boyfriend Nick, a Class 1 Student, he had no other evidence he could use to tame her.

'Arrh, even that kiss had been wild. I'll surely have you.'

As he started concocting several scenarios.

Two new groups walked in.

One was of boys and the other comprised of girls.

Andrew, the president of Class 1 and the whole second year in general. And Cynthia, also president. Both walked in. Causing the Cafeteria to become quiet.

Their arrival sparked several stares. Mostly that of jealousy and fantasy.

Not just because Cynthia was extremely beautiful, she was fully endowed in all aspects a woman could possibly wish for.

Despite her young age, her curves was sexually attractive even under her uniform.

But her character however... She wasn't a good girl.

Growing with compliments of how good and attractive she was, she was very prideful and arrogant to an extreme extent.

Bumping into her would surely not lead to a two day absence from school. She only talked with those in her circle.

Andrew was no lesser case, he was the heir to one of the top 50 Groups in the world. Pampered, he was known to get all he wanted.

'Perfect couple huh?' He thought, revealing an unnoticed grin.

'Surely not.'

Not long after, another girl walked into the cafeteria. No less attractive than Cynthia in physical assurance. It was actually her twin sister, Cinthya.

Another wild seductress who preyed on losers.

No prominent boy had been able to claim her despite fantasizing how to fuck her several times.

She was the type that liked to have her way with the other gender. Her taste was very twisted.

She chased after known losers in the school, dating for a few weeks or a month. After she was done using them she would swap.

He had seen her lead several boys into the girls restroom and each time they came out drained.

It was no secret she had had with them either.

She was the dream of every loser.

But suddenly, Max, who had been observing, noticed he had been locked by a new gaze.

He was sitting at the far edge of the cafeteria by the way. Where the least influential kids often sat and would be totally ignored. Usually it was so and had been so.

Now...

He had been observing her figure, but now that he stared up at her face. He noticed her eyes were straight on him as a wide grin plastered itself on her pink lips.

He knew it all too well because he was holding back one too.

Suddenly she let go of her arm wrapped around the boy, who seemed extremely shy under the stares he was receiving.

He kept his fork, and cleanly sliced the beef steak before dipping it in sauce and savoring its taste.

'Aura +10000 bitch.'

He knew what was coming for him....

With every step she took the highlight was heading towards him.

Everyone in the cafeteria suddenly realized something... She was about to choose a new prey. Including those from Class 1 who wished she would go for them.

But then she headed towards the corner drawing their attention.

"I want you."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15: -Biggest Weakness, Milkers -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Seeing her seductive, top notch figure walk up to him.

At the same time being the highlight of the cafeteria.

He calmly paused in his action in slicing the beef and looked up at her.

Bam!

"I want you."

Slamming the table, her authoritative voice reached his ears while her impressive figure casted it's shadow over him.

Silence...

The whole place had settled in pitch silence but Max looked unconcerned.

Expressionlessly staring up at her, he voiced his answer in an w detached manner.

"No thanks"

His words were like the shattering of glasses in the brittle silence.

No one believed what they had just heard.

"What the fuck!"

"Shit, I'll be damned!"

"Who is that loser!"

"What an idiot"

"Bastard!"

Instantly, there were several loud curses, beckoning shouts of unbelievable surprise.

Up in Class 1 section, Cynthia's cold and aloof face cracked, choking down her laugh. She felt the utmost satisfaction at the sight of her sister being rejected for the first time.

While she had choked it down, Andrew who had been watching with cold interest. Noticed the victorious smile that had taken place on her face.

Not only did she look more beautiful in that moment, he also realized he had never made her smile like that.

...

While he thought his response had a huge amount of aura to it. Salvaging his ears with the various loud exclamations and curses. Max was unaware that he stepped on a lion's tail. Not like he would have cared.

...

Cinthya couldn't believe her ears...

For the first time, the actual first time. What she desired refused to be hers. She had thought all guys desired her body and would gladly jump up upon her command.

'Is he impotent.'

She thought, taking a moment to revise his words.

She was confident in her attractive figure, and even more so in her ability to tempt hearts with it.

'He must be impotent then.'

While she wanted to really believe this, she had seen his inquisitive eyes take in the sight of her body.

But why would such a simple looking boy with nothing outstanding about him reject her.

'He really looks like a loser but the temperament around him... is different?'

'A confident loser?'

Her mind thought in confusion.

'Lame haircut, glasses, trying to hide from the highlights, alone... Ah, yes, wretched eyes. Lusting after things they know they can't have.'

Instantly she pinpointed the difference between Max and her other preys. Spiking another serious thought within her that left her speechless.

'Wait, does that mean he thinks he can have me if he wants?' As her thoughts drifted, she suddenly came to realize.

"Oh really?"

There was a tinge of mixed interest and curiosity in her voice, causing Max to pause and glance back at her face with his own thoughts in mind.

'Wait, is she crazy?'

He had expected her to be vexed, angry and even more embarrassed.

But she showed none of that after recovering from her shock and instead showed more interest.

Ignoring the sneers...

"Julius, go bring my meal over here."

She commanded the quaking youth who had been with her.

'Like seriously, is this what she wants to turn me into?'

Though he really wanted to shake his head as the boy went ahead, towards the counter upon her command.

That was not in tune with the character he wanted to play at all.

'Mr Mystery' the advanced special ability the system claimed it had bestowed upon him. He really wanted to see how it worked which was another reason that enforced his decision to come to the cafeteria other than marking out preys.

So he neither shook his head and merely maintained silence, resuming to eat while being the highlight.

Suddenly to the spectators who watched from their tables, it seemed like they were watching a film.

"So what is your name princess?"

Taking the seat opposite him, she questioned, her face engulfed with interest like she had found a strange discovery. In other words, a new plaything.

"..."

'What the fuck did you call me bitch!'

As he held back these thoughts, he momentarily paused at her words. Without looking at her and continued slicing it.

"Dude, she gave him another chance yet the bastard totally ignores her."

"What a pathetic loser? What sort of pride is needed here."

"Like, he should just agree already... fucking her is like fucking the school's top beauty. What other prize could there be for his useless pride."

Silence...

Suddenly, the highlight was turned, shifted.

The last voice was bold, loud even more so for it to be instantly distinguished and located.

Another big shot had arrived...

Brooks, Andrew's own rival and the second most prominent male youths among the second year had arrived.

A solo arrogant scion from Class 1. An A ranked student with a threatening build and skills to boost. His family lineage extended from that of fighters. Owning a company similar to UFC.

It was also known that he was strongly chasing after Cinthya despite her countless rejection.

But to his words, neither Max or Cinthya glanced back.

Instead the rejected girl placed her arm on the table and squeezed her chest to it. Revealing a good view of her cleavage.

"You heard that right?"

'Damn, ain't going to refuse the view though.'

As he caught the quaking tremor of her large contained breasts. Not only did her words breeze through his ears like nothing, he halted the movement of his hands. And stared keenly at her breasts without feigning anything.

Other than its size, he could feel it, he could hear, and even his heart desired it. The subtleness was surreal. He could imagine how soft it was. How good it would feel to touch.

Such breasts, he had only seen it online in his previous life.

But now... he was truly tempted. Boobs was his biggest weakness.

Shortly after a while, he took his eyes off her breasts.

Cinthya meanwhile was taken aback and took a while to recover.

"You like them don't you."

'Yes mummy! Serve me those prime mommy milkers.' He really wanted to say these and fold those tits, suffocating his face between. But the rational part of him, trained through the past year, had hardened his will much more than that.

He neither paused at her words, but merely chewed on the last piece of steak before raising up.

"Bye." He muttered as he stood up.

The second word he had spoken. Before turning to leave.

There was silence, all eyes on him as he took his leave.

A moment after he left the now clamoring cafeteria though... He finally exhaled.

Ding!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16: -Predator & Preys
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ding!

The System's familiar notification sound flashed in his mind. As a transparent screen which only he could see appeared before him.

[Host Has Successfully Triggered And Activated His Special Ability]

[Leaving the whole cafeteria wandering in the depth of his Mystery identity.

A.K.A Who Is This Youth With Such Audacity...]

[In Your silence You're A P

[Special Ability: Mr Mystery receives an upgrade.]

[CONGRATULATIONS]

[Host Ability Will Be In A Permanently Active, Passive State]

[Host Has Drawn The Curiosity Of Several Targets Each Surpassing His Rank.]

[Host Task Levels Has Been Automatically Raised By Two.]

[ Additional Task Slot- 1]

[Details To Task-]

As the words sounded in his head, he continued reading the series of forming words at a rapid pace.

'What the fuck, System this is too much. Can't you just simplify my gains?'

[Pardon. Simplification Failed]

'Fuck you.'

As he cursed at the System, he grinned on his way.

'Oh right I have something to do.'

He suddenly remembered.

Taking a swift turn, he headed towards the field.

There was the field, tracks, and ball courts. Tennis, golf, volleyball, crickets... except for basketball and dodgeball which were played indoors. The green patched field extended more than one hectare Housing several courts.

If anything he really didn't want to go searching for someone. But thankfully the students only gathered around the football field, taking shade from the blooming trees surrounding it.

Unassuming, he was here to hunt someone.

He had seen her leave the cafeteria earlier alongside her convoy before Cinthya stepped in to block his sight.

Kats.

She was chatting with a new boy under the tree, which he could tell from the little insignia on his uniform that he was from Class 1.

Revealing little smiles there and now, she often fought back her laughs by having her hand cover her mouth like a cultured lady whose heart was being flattered by the man of her dreams. Not far behind her group of girls, Sophia included, were calmly waiting either pressing their phone or sucking onto pops with expert lip movement as they discussed quietly.

'Such facade...' Watching the scene from afar, he revealed a cold smirk.

A boy from Class 1 flattering a girl from 3 a day after she broke up with her previous boyfriend like long time lovers. Though passersby pretended not to care, the news was sure to spread soon about Kats famous ride.

The fact that she would advance from Class 2 to 1 was actually fascinating.

Of course, she was soon going to suck dick, two weeks maximum.

The Class 1 youth didn't look like a pushover.

As he filtered the thoughts of the youth's resemblance with Sophia. He calmly brought out his phone.

He was about to ruin their lovely moment.

Quickly, he typed her name on the search bar. And a moment later, her profile flashed on his screen.

Kats...

200k Followers 135k Likes.

Her last upload was barely 11 minutes ago. A video of her in uniform and her cleavage revealed.

150 likes.

'Power of breasts.' He thought.

Tapping on the inbox screen. He was about to commit a blackmail without truly hiding his identity. That's if he could be identified from the image of his packs or knew about a low character like him.

There was an already saved folder, which he had transferred from his PC the previous night waiting for him to click on.

Staring at it however, he decided to hold and send a message first.

(Hi 🤡)

Then he added a single video clip.

Shortly after, the conversing girl glanced at her phone.

Staring at the new message.

(Hi🤡)

Then there was a second one, a video camera emoji representing a clip.

There was a brief pause in her reaction before calmly swiping the lock up.

"... I'll text you the address."

Unfortunately, his words merely drifted past her ears without being registered.

(You've made me horny) There was a freaking emoji attached to it.

Alongside a second video.

On the thumbnail, her face was all covered up in semen. Unlike the first, in which she only had a cock in her mouth.

Both pictures were taken from different angles.

Each clip was ten seconds.

As she registered these facts, her mind and body quivered. Instantly realizing the weight of both clips.

'Satisfying as fuck.'

Blaming his dirty mind for instructing his fingers to type out such words. Max placed a subtle grin on his face as the electronic bell rang once more.

Meanwhile under the tree, Kats trembled as she recovered from the shock before her eyes darted towards the exiting group.

Unfortunately, Max was nowhere in sight. Even if he was, she wouldn't have taken note of his unremarkable appearance until she heard of his feats rejecting Cinthya.

...

For the rest of the day, he didn't bother listening to what was being taught in class.

'There aren't any remarkable teachers anyway.'

... Instead, he became occupied with the thoughts of his adventurous plan.

Especially Kats, he had blocked her from replying to his message. Putting her in a state of panic. Though he realized she would soon chat him with another account, he wouldn't reply to it either.

Now his thoughts were fully focused on his first task.

According to the System, it only counted Taboo circumstances brought forth by anything School related.

Tomorrow was weekend so he was thinking on how to complete his task.

'This should do.'

Bringing out his phone, he stared at the series of pleas sent by Sophia and finally replied.

(Home study tomorrow) He typed, dropping his address after.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17: -A Deal To Settle -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was Saturday, Spring season.

Although the sun was exceptionally bright outside, the breeze drifting into the room was fresh with a bit of cool fragrance to it.

Other than that, her busy week had finally come to an end. Which wasn't something people imagined of S Ranked Elite Students or she that was above that.

She didn't have time for herself at all. Flying countries for different classes and being put through extreme training had drained all the strength in her.

Just recently, she had called the estate cleaning service to come arrange her room. And now she was just about bathing before calling her beloved boyfriend. Who similarly had a busy week too.

The house was all to herself and her younger brother which she almost never talked to.

Her father was out of the country, taking charge of several family businesses.

The prize for being rich perhaps. She often pitied as the fat man couldn't take a break to relax after her mother's death.

Soon she would be forced to share his burden too so she had to live her youth to the fullest before that.

Everything was ready and prepared, even clothes had been brought out. A loose piece of short floral dress

'That should be it.' She thought to herself, confirming something before stepping into the exquisite bathroom.

...

About thirty minutes later she was finally done. The cool warmth of soapy water had washed every bit of sweat from her and dirt from the party the previous night. Encasing her body in a refreshing fragrance.

Well, since it was only her and her elusive loser of a brother at home. She decided not to wear her undies, letting the cool breeze reach between her legs under her loose dress.

And that was it, she only needed to head down and grab a cold drink before enjoying the new novel she had found.

Because despite her unsteady schedule she always found time to read...

Ding! Dong!

There was sudden silence for a moment as she paused wondering who it was that had rang the doorbell. But unfortunately, the house control remote had been left downstairs.

A few minutes later ,she was done tying her long black hair up. Putting on a light lip gloss. She didn't need anything more than that, since she was already very, very and very beautiful.

Meanwhile, Max, who had heard the doorbell ring excitedly, walked out of his room and headed downstairs.

He was wearing a blue beach trunk, and fancy aloha shirt featuring colorful palm trees. His shirt however was unbuttoned, flung to the side to reveal his sturdy firm chest and subtle, concealed packs in his abdomen.

Of course this was to impress his guest. He was hungry to devour the look of shock and speechlessness upon the sight of him.

Hurriedly skating down the stairs, he calmed down and took up his Mr Mystery personal.

As she wanted to press the doorbell again, Sophia paused in her action...

Max's coolly composed face, bearing no expression, was revealed to her.

"Is this..."

She wanted to ask if this was the address of Max. But then she looked like she had swallowed a huge stone. Her usually concealed expression cracking to reveal disbelief.

Her heart thumped rapidly, quaking, she found herself almost stagger... but his proportioned arm stretched out to grasp hers. Pulling her steady.

For a moment it's defined, shaped and formed muscles were revealed.

That wasn't all... His sturdy firm chest was exposed, leaving her breathless for a moment while her eyes traced downward to his abs. Suddenly she remembered the profile picture he used.

'It's actually his?' These thoughts drifted through her numb mind unable to react. But Max calmly persisted and kept his expression still. Savoring every bit of emotions unfolding on her face.

"yeah, come in." Seeming to realize that he was yet to invite his guest in, he spoke calmly like talking much wasn't his thing.

"Hmmm." In her speechlessness, Sophia muttered a humm and stepped inside.

Who would believe that this totally unremarkable youth was hiding such wonders beneath his uniform.

There were many unsaid but the thought that she was here by blackmail kept her reserved.

Unsurprisingly his home was top notch, a classic small mansion owned by elites. Which is to say he was from a more remarkable family than she had thought.

"Wait here, I'll get us some drinks."

Inviting her to the sitting room, he said.

If not that she knew the vile intention beneath his action. She would have thought he was a kind youth.

Max had been playing loser for more than one year, so his acting skill was top notch. He wasn't a bit embarrassed.

There were several clanks as he brought out several bottles.

Flip! flap!

The sound came from the stairs, announcing they had a new arrival. However, he didn't bother checking who it was as he already knew.

Sophia, however, froze whole as she saw the figure climbing down the stairs.

Evelyn hadn't expected a guest either, she had heard the clinks and guessed it was Max. Which was actually strange, considering she had never seen him drink before, so she curiously chose to take a look. Only to be taken by surprise.

Her loser brother had always lacked confidence in talking to girls. But today he actually brought in a girl. A beautiful one at that.

Taking a moment to check her out.

The girl was wearing a blue elegant summer dress not up to her knees. Ash exclusive cross bag strangled to her shoulders.

If anything, she looked like she was dressed up for a date.

'Has the loser finally grown up?'

She thought as she dismissively shifted her eyes from the frozen girl, only to settle on Max and freeze herself.

To Sophia, Evelyn was one of the true geniuses Elite Metropolitan had to offer. Someone totally beyond her reach. As she thought if Max had just fucked her realizing his true terror, she quickly noticed certain facial traits they shared.

'Wait, are they siblings?' As she had the most impossible thought ever.

Max walked up to her with two beer glass cups in hand. His expression showed that she couldn't refuse it, so she quietly took it from him

However, Max noticed his sister's gaze completely focused.

'Spooked?'

Sure anyone would be realizing he had such a refined physique.

To her stunned gaze, he flashed a quick smirk, and calmly warped his arms around her waist.

Though Sophia trembled slightly under this gesture, she kept still and moved on with him.

They had a deal to settle.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18: -Home- Study-**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While his sister stood still, reminiscing the sight of his glorious build. Max was up in his room with Sophia.

Slowly, the awkward atmosphere was soon devoured as they both emptied their cup of strong liquor.

'I'll be damned.'

Taping the button, the speaker system came to live by releasing a serene melody. 'Weightless'

As the calm melody drifted through the room, the atmosphere was slowly overrun with a sense of serenity.

Their lustful filled heart was ignited, as the sense of awkwardness was washed over by the sense of strong liquor they were emitting from their very breath.

His fantasies, suppressed lust, had all been ignited. His heart was pumping blood much faster than ever towards his dick. A moment later his member was fully aroused.

Like two magnets negatively attracted towards each other, they both lunged forward at each other.

Grasping her waist in his arm, he pulled her close, taking control as their lips crashed.

No matter how much he wanted to be the ruthless boy. Crashing her on her knees and sticking his dick inside her mouth. The rational part of him felt guilty doing such to her in a rush.

'There is no need to treat your bitch like your lover.'

As the thought reverberated through his clouded mind.

His tongue parted her lips, and roughly dived into her mouth.

Pulling her closer under the same tension. The classic bag over her shoulders found itself in the air a moment later.

He then grabbed her ass. Squeezing both molds in his palms. It actually felt very good feeling them through her dress.

He squeezed harder, roughly folding them with more force. As the feeling of denial from being unable to feel both ass skin skin. Added to his lust.

His mouth was still engaged in a furious battle with hers. While she held his chin with both hands enforcing more force into her lust driven battle of their tongues.

Quickly, Max took a moment, splitting his attention to savor this fact. It looked like she came prepared knowing what would happen.

And that was it, he couldn't hold back his hands any more. They wanted to feel more.so he simply let them go on a rampage.

He shifted her dress up with any effort.

Quickly slipping underneath, his fingers raised her pants and let his palms take shelter underneath.

Skin to skin. His palm welcomed the squishy feeling he had been starving to sense.

Squeezing it hard, there was a sudden hmmm. The sound made from her throat was transferred inside his. Creating a funny vibration.

Meanwhile for Max. This was something big, very big in fact.

In these lustful moments a lot of his shackles brought from his past life to the current shattered.

He kissed,and squeezed an ass the way he wanted.

Two dreams finally accomplished, and there was more on ground to achieve in the coming moment.

Driven by the sense of excitement and boiling blood.

As her squishy little plump rear was contained in his palms.Fully his to play with.

He let out a rough breath.

By now his dick was hot and throbbing, wanting to go on rampage. But he fought back these feelings, holding his ground.

.'Come on can't you let me fucking accomplish my dreams, been jerking you off all these while and you should appreciate that.'

Today, he wasn't just going to satisfy my his dick. But every part of his body that wanted pleasure.

Especially his nose which wanted to devour more of her flowery scent.

"Hmmm"

Feeling tiny bits of pleasure allover her body, Sophia moaned inside his mouth. And her body started squirming.

However, as much as he wanted to feel her rear more. He suddenly let go.

His hands did a swift shift and began pulling up her dress while she let go off his chin.

It only took a moment. His speed even transcended that of the super hero flash by a slight magine.

Unarguable, he was left with a breathtaking sight.

Only to realize he had been trying to eat his meal blind all these while.

Her figure was impressive. A lean waist with a slight curve that accentuated her rear. Her skin was clean and clear, spotless without blemish. She was like the models usually featured on magazine covers.

'Fuck.'

He measured all these with the slight distance they parted, a trail of saliva still connecting them.

'Truly, she is the dream of many.' Had he had these thoughts, he didn't conceal the glint of admiration in his eyes. Which she quickly noticed even in her lustful state.

Instantly her heart began to beat faster. Not just because she had felt pleased at his admiration or by the theos of lust she was experiencing...

...Instead it was by the sight. She had pulled off his unbuttoned shirt right after he took off hers.

A priceless work of art. Seeming to have been sculpted by the best artisan.

From the muscles of his long arm, all formed. His chest looked firm and broad at the same time.

Then to his abs...

'One, two, three...'

There were actually eight, totally flawless witnessing them up close.

For a moment her breath left her.

Of course he had purposely hardened his abs to reveal their true form to her speechless eyes. Letting her savor the sight for a moment, before launching his next attack.

Her undies was an embroidered matching piece of blue color. Newly bought in fact. He could tell.

She wasn't blessed in the front but was barely average. Even still he was planning to appease both nipples.

Shortly after, a loud unconcealed inhalation.

A loud...

"Hmmmmm" pitched, much higher than even the melodious music playing.

Max had her to the bed, right above her as he brought his lips to her neck. Munching her earlobes softly before quickly moving to her blue laced bra while his breath traced her skin.

Sophia meanwhile was in utmost torment. She didn't want to look cheaper so she was going through a much severe torture as she tried to hold back various moans.

Her body was squirming and trying to struggle against the one arm that locked her in place.

'Such strength...'

Realizing how futile her action was, she decided not to hold it any longer.

"Arrrggghhh!" As her voice peaked, a higher pitch than the music playing.

No matter how long he really wanted to such on her boobs more as long as the love for them went. He found himself losing control each passing moment.

In their heated passion of lust, Sophia didn't realize when her blue lace pants went off.

Her endlessly squirming body froze, like her very soul had been circuited by a huge amount of electrical voltage. Turning off her brain transmitter...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19: -Virgin ?-**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It took him only a slight moment to find the particular entrance. Two glistening petals in her wetness.

He had been trained by countless porn videos and leaks. So his knowledge alone... and unknown level of skill was about to be verified.

He drew her closed to the bed and spread both of her legs.

Her glistening wetness only flowed more... It was then he inserted his seven and half inch cock with extravagant size. Weighing quite a lot of meat.

He first and gently inserted the tip, which slippered smoothly inside, thanks to her wetness.

Then he waited quietly for a moment, watching her freeze as her eyes widened in shock.

Enjoying the slippery warmth of her pussy at the same time. He felt a slight obstacle.

'What the fuck? She's actually a Virgin?'

Instantly the blazing lust in his eyes quelled a bit. As he stared at the sight of her shifted blue pants having about three inches of his dick inside her.

'Pull out?'

'No fucking away.'

He had barely watched a leak of a deflowering scene. Dis-virgining had never been in his fantasies in fact, due to the fact he was repulsed by the blood coming out from such a sensitive area.

Yet despite this, his dick wasn't lessening at all. Instead it gained a bit of enlargement after his resolve.

The hymen or whatever they called it.He was going to break one himself today.

Released from her blank state... Right after the shock.

There was a numbing pain and pleasure trying to drive her insane at the same time.

"Arrrrgghhhh!"

It sounded like a shout and moan at the same time, confusing Max a bit. Realizing the music couldn't have blocked that one.

But the next instant, the thought of his sister listening was flung out the window as the shout-moan came to an abrupt silence.

The obstacle had been obliterated. Though there was still a tight clench around his dick. It further slided in under the crushing pressure.

"Arrrrggh!" After the brief silence, Sophia suddenly arched her back up. Drowned in pleasure and bliss there was the sign of her body convulsing.

Max meanwhile stilled his fists, and clenched his teeth.

"Arghhg!" A deep unrecognizable groan escaped his lips. At the same time of her orgasm. He releases his cum, unable to hold back any more.

The excitement, frustration, and lust contained in his heart was being released.

There were three satisfying wave in total. Shortly after. A mix of both semen,orgasm and blood came out. Flowing out her pussy.

But there was one thing to notice. His dick was still erect and strong, eloped by her slippery cave.

His pent up experience for years and years. More than three decades, adding the age of this body, couldn't have been expended with three waves of explosion right.

A normal human body would have been satisfied. Same for him. But his train was well alive and active. Filled with thrills. There were a lot of things he was yet to try.

Not long after, Sophia was still recovering from the realm of fantasy she had been thrown into and the sense of exhaustion after it. Felt the erect and radiating heat intruder in her cave.

She was speechless, tired nevertheless. And trying to come to terms that she had finally been disvirgined.

But to her reluctant eyes, she realized Max wasn't going to pity.

If anything she had been surprised by how well he treated her. No her body at least. She knew and didn't expect a blackmail to be done like that.

After all, wasn't it only done by losers who had no courage to tame a woman for themselves? And only cared for their own self satisfaction. Showing no regards for the opposite sex at all.

But now it seemed he wasn't that all good and shared similarity with those jerks.

'Yeah. You should be lucky I'm giving you the lover before bitch bitch.'

Knowing what the silent look in her eyes means, he withheld from expressing his thoughts.

He calmly brought up one of her legs and hung it over his left shoulder. His dick was still being warmed in both of their semen and blood inside her. Easing it off the pressure and making things squishy.

'Bitch acting like she doesn't actually like it or want it.'

'What a complicated species.'

Even though there was reluctance in her eyes. Her pussy was very honest in expressing the truth. Perhaps it was the only part of a woman's body which wasn't capable of deception. He couldn't really say.

It had clenched tighter and released its hold of his dick countless times while she showed silent denial.

Kpa!

"Arrrrggh!"

Following his thrust, his lap and her ass clapped.

Kpa!

"Arrrrggh!" He pounded again with force as her body trembled in bliss, in contrast to what she had expressed previously.

After setting his spear, he proceeded to stare into her eyes. Observing every bit of facial expression.

Kpa!

"Arrrrggh!" Shortly after, another moan was released.

'She is quite a beauty nevertheless.'

"Arrrrggh!" As he thrusted into her following her yelping moan, he thought of his previous self on earth. Being a high school student, he wouldn't have been able to sumlu up his courage and talk to such a beauty, talkeless of fucking her.

'Just so much has changed.'

Bathing in delight and bliss of his thrust, he suddenly began to increase the pace of rhythm. After finding a steady tempo to it

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa....

Shortly, after he was ruthlessly thrusting into her. Now familiar with the motion and regulating movement of his waist.

"Argh...! arr...! rrggh!

And as for Sophia, the teenage girl's moan was improving with each passing seconds on a rhythm and pitch higher than the playing music.

There was no doubt that his sister could hear him, judging by the fact that they were the only one home. And the almost empty house would do well to reverberate any sound made.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20: -Rewards-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Arrrrggh! Arrrrggh! Arrrrggh!"

Those moans didn't go unnoticed by Evelyn who had just gotten the drink and wanted to go back to her room while enjoying the fresh spring breeze through the balcony.

In fact, she could clearly hear it much more than Max thought or imagined.

Freezing, there was an unbelievable look on her face. That of total disbelief at the sound she heard.

She thought it was her own disillusion at first. But her fingers had lost grip of the cup she was holding before she could break free from it, and...

Crash!

"Ah!"

Waking her from her trance, she yelped, but surprisingly quick enough to react. She jumped back, gracefully landing on her other feet as she stared at the shattered pieces of glass with a dumb look.

Instantly a rush of panic filled her heart upon realizing she had yelped out loud. Being so close to Max's room, there was no doubt he heard her.

As she prepared to make a quick dash towards the stairs, however.

"Arrrrrrrrrghhhh! rrhhh! rrhhh!"

A much louder moan, even under the loud barrage of music came from his room. As if to spite her.

More than that, it was cut short. Inputting the scene of the lustful act being committed by her brother in his room.

'Max? Did he just end his virgin reign?'

Unfortunately it didn't quite seem so.

Feeling a flush of embarrassment and arousal igniting a subtle blush up her cheeks. Evelyn for the first time felt defeated by him.

'That loser?'

In everything she had considered him a loser, much better than him. His mere existence disgusted her in fact. To the extent she paid him half her monthly allowance to keep his mouth shut from revealing they were actual siblings.

"One of Elite Metropolitan SS Elite Ranked Student had a fat fuck loser brother."

His sister's denial had pained the previous Max so much that it contributed to the fact he committed suicide. But she didn't know this.

The discovery that her brother had gone through a breathless transformation was something she was still trying to come in terms with. But him experiencing the lustful heat before her and even know how to fuck that good? She suddenly realized maybe he had been pretending all these while.

Sucking dick and being licked and fingered was the only sexual experience she had despite her boyfriend's several attempts.

She had always known her value and wanted to keep the last of it to the best she could fearing that he would dumb her after that.

But now, she no longer wanted to care. If a loser could experience sexual pleasure why couldn't she.

"Arrrrggh! rrrrh! rrrrh!" The halted moans continued, repeatedly and each time Evelyn felt a sense of arousal. And about twenty five minutes of listening to her younger brother fuck a girl, she sneaked into her room unable to take it any longer.

"Arrrrrrrrrghhhh!"

"Mmmmh"

At the same time, he could feel his balls squeeze one last time and release his cum inside the depth of her pussy and enjoy the slippery warmth of it.

Sophia now laid dead flat on the bed, her arms and legs spread wide no longer ashamed. She appeared exhausted and just hanging by onto the thread of sanity she had left after being thrown in numerous blissful realms.

Ding! Ding! Ding!

Suddenly, a familiar transparent screen which only he could see appeared before him.

To this listless girl on his bed, Max merely glanced if she noticed the screen before him before focusing back on it.

'The deed has been done, now system hand me my fucking reward.'

[Congratulations to Host on completing his first task.System shall now list reward.]

[Target: Sophia: Taboo Confirmed, Accomplished]

[Discovery: Target Was A Virgin]

[5x Reward]

[0.1 Stats Point x5 Reward...]

[Reward 0.5 Stats Points]

[100 Promotion Points x5]

[Reward: 500 Promotion Points]

'Promotion Points?'

As if to answer his question.

A long bar icon appeared on the screen, rapidly extending, it was soon left half filled.

[C Rank Elite Student

Promotion Points: 500/1000 for B Rank ]

[5x Bonus Reward]

[00.2 Stats Point x5...]

[0.1 Stats Point]

[0.2 Charm Stats Point x5]

[1 Charm Stats Point]

[20 Promotion Points x5]

[100 Promotion Points]

[Promotion Points: 600/1000]

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan High School

Stats: 0.6

Charm- 16.

Strength- 20.

Agility- 10.

Stamina- 35.

C Rank Elite Student: 600/100 to B Rank.

Special Ability: Mr Mystery

Quest: Become An SSS Rank Taboo Students: Requirements, performing Taboo Tasks.]

His stamina was the highest because of the arduous training he went through to decrease his weight. The push up,pull up, and weight he had lifted visiting the estate's private gym at night was the reason his strength was the second highest. Despite his reduced size, he still had the full power output of his previous physique.

As Max wondered the cause behind his stat, he suddenly noticed his Charm stats had increased much more.

'16?'

It had been ten before, his Bonus Reward only granted him the second lowest single digit, 1.

'Right, my special ability.'

'Mr Mystery'

The system rewarded him so much, that even his brain failed to register all of it.

His eyes then settled on his neutral 0.6 Stats Points. He didn't need the system to tell him about it.

His blood boiled with excitement that even his limp brother was regaining its vigor.

It was every child's dream to grow stronger than the norm, becoming superheroes with special Ability.

Thinking about...

'Damn, not only do I have a Special Ability, I can also increase my strength supernaturally.'

0.6 Stat Points. There was no doubt where he would add it.

Strength: 20.5

Agility: 10.1

'I did it, I fucking finally did!'

As his mind jubilated in silence at fulfilling the childhood dream of many. Beneath him, Sophia who had regained a little bit of mental clarity was observing him with a puzzled look.

His paused motion, of holding onto his limp dick and his seemingly unfocused eyes wandering in the air. Threw her off into confusion.

'Is he mad? A stroke? Seizure?' As she wondered about all these facts, her heart started to erupt into a panic mood.

Staring at his dazed face and moving pupils, her worries suddenly vanished realizing how good looking he actually was. His abs however quickly drew back her attention.

'It looked more sculpted?'

Lying on the bed helplessly, unable to move after a severe pounding from Max who probably enlarged her cave hole. She saw something almost impossible to believe.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21: -fucked-**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The dead dragon was reawakening.

'Uh?'

The moment he added the stats point, his body suddenly felt light. At least his senses told him so.

He saw his feet was rooted on the floor yet his senses told in other wise.

'Like... am I flying?'

'Ehn?'

Suddenly a feeling of vertigos hit him. However, before he could recover.

"Ah!" There was light yelp from Sophia.

'Uh?'

Alarmed, he forced his eyes to glance at her to see the previously exhausted cowering backward like a scared lamb while looking in his direction with terror.

To her fearful gaze, he felt a dull thud of pain in-between his legs. And glancing over, he himself was left speechless by the sight of his own dick.

Instantly a wry smile formed on his lips.

'Jack.'

Seeing his resurrected brother, with throbbing veins curling around it like it was rearing to charge into anything. He decided to name it.

The bastard did Jack back to life.

'Well, this is awkward. I am also tired from pounding. It's probably been more than an hour.'

'Probably the effect of adding to my strength stat.'

While he wanted to test out his strength, he helplessly shook his head as he glanced at Sophia.

Traumatized as she was, she still had to help him deal with this throbbing pain. But in a different way.

Probably regaining her awareness. The dirty blonde haired princess he had blackmailed to have a home study with, moved the sheets to cover a bit of her skin while watching him cautiously as he walked about the room with a stiff long dick navigating the direction.

Soon he entered the game room, a cut out section of the wide room he had to himself. And a minute later he came out with a huge tablet.

Flashing her a cold smile. He turned off the blue light leaving the room in pitch darkness for a moment to Sophia's terror.

Click!

Following the sound of the projector's switch. The whole room was illuminated by a focused light as the left wall of his room revealed a Naruto wallpaper on it. With several game icons.

Seeing the projector's screen on the wall, Sophia casted a puzzled glance towards Max who seemed keenly focused on the tab.

Then a moment later,the color changed. She glanced back at the wall to see the file icon rapidly enlarge till it was the only thing in view. Then opened to reveal several folders.

'001, 002,003...' in her confusion, the third folder rapidly expanded to reveal several clips. With thumbnails that caused her to freeze.

It was the picture of Kats, her recent bully sucking on a dick, and her face covered in cum in most of it. The whole wall was filled with it.

To her speechless expression, Max revealed a candid grin.

He had kept these videos in storage for a long time now. But having recently come up with an idea thanks to the system. He decided he wasn't going to watch them jerking off.

"Arrr!" Sophia yelped feeling his firm arms wrap around her chest while cupping her breasts.

Her fair skin, floral scent, Max quietly took in all these as he massaged her breasts.

"Mmmmh!" She exhaled heavily, relaxing her head backward,not expecting what would come next.

Getting up on the bed,he brought his throbbing cock before her face and pushed her mouth towards.

In the midst of her "Hmmm..." It was suddenly interrupted by the bulging head of Max's dick oozing heat down her nostril. Shocked, she glanced up at his face, finding it to be cold with barely contained lust in his eyes. Who knew how much it took him to not shove it down her throat immediately.

By now the projected screen on the wall already started playing the video.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!... The exciting sound came sound alongside the scene of Kats greedily shoving a dick in and out of her mouth leaving behind a thin drool of precum each time.

Watching this from the corner of her eyes, Sophia didn't hesitate further realizing who the unfortunate person to become Max's prey would be after her. Her resentment and hesitation vanished,and just when Max was about to force his dick into her mouth like last time. He watched with surprise as she sat upright on both knees and carefully placed both hands around his cock before placing a soft kiss on it.

She then nulged back her hair backwards and began to slowly wrap her lips around him. Shortly after a slurp sound of her own resounded through the room as Max stood with excitement, feeling her warm saliva coat his dick. Before a swift cleansing by her tongue.

Watching the video of Kats sucking on a dick further made him thrilled. But this was just the beginning, Sophia seemed to be improving with each suck and soon the movement of her mouth and tongue became mind-blowing.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

As the slurpy sound kept on resounding through the room. His soon felt his balls start to squeeze as Sophia went on to stroke his dick,while clenching and unclenching his balls. Of course it frightened the hell of him but realized a moment later that she had become fully committed to it.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!...

"Hissss" It was Max's turn to inhale a mouth full.

Due to her commitment, unlike last time he quickly pulled out following the display on the wall and cummed on her face instead.

"Arrrrr" Sophia moaned. Surprisingly going on to spread his cum all-over her face like she was competing with Kats who was displayed on the wall.

Well, there were many more videos to watch.

He simply lied down,as the third video played and Sophia resumed sucking him off.

He sucked her boobs later on and even sprayed his semen on them. Making her his little bitch. After that he bent her over for a doggy, slapping her fair ass and finding the clean view of her pink clit more charming from behind.

They fucked, fucked, fucked... Finally it was almost evening.

They had a bathroom fuck which was something Max had long anticipated. A soapy fuck... And then she called her driver over, which was after his approval to the estate security.

But then he decided to carry out a nasty kink. He collected her bra as a souvenir and carried her to the car due to the fact she was a bit unable to walk after their bathroom round.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22: -Monday Morning -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After his Saturday escapades with his schoolmate in pretense of a home study. The rest of his weekend had been less fun. Getting up the next day after had proven to be the hardest chore in his entire life. I mean, who wouldn't be after cumming more than a year's cum in one day.

Surprisingly, Sophia texted him the next morning. A thanks and a red bubbling heart emoji after that. Who knew a blackmail by a boy she termed a jerk would be the most wondrous event in her life. Sucking dick, getting creampie and her boobs sucked till they were plump red. Remembering what had happened the previous day would worsen his morning glory situation. He decided not to reply to her text and left it on read.

While he later went down to grab coffee and even into the kitchen to prepare a set of toast bread. There was no sign of his sister in or anywhere around the house. Usually she would be having a swim in the pool by this time but she seemed to have heard enough of what happened the previous day and was keen on avoiding him.

With a few sets of reps and workout, he spent the rest of the day wasting his stimulating thoughts on gaming.

...

Ding! Ding! Ding!

Finally the long awaited electronic chims reached his ears. It was finally Monday and back in Elite Metropolitan High.

Sure enough, after his encounter with Cinthya, his little cover had been blown off.

'Totally.'

It hadn't even been more than five seconds since he began walking through the hallway yet numerous fingers from several corners already pointed at him. Exchanging whispers which were especially clear and loud enough for him to hear.

"It's him."

"You mean that guy?"

"Yes."

"This is a joke."

"I swore to stop swearing but shit! Look at that fucking loser. Who the fuck is he."

"To think he even rejected her twice is even crazier."

"Oh you think that's crazier?"

"You know Brooks right?"

"Of course why wouldn't I know him,or do you think I'm dumb?"

"Hehehe, Brooks butted in after his refusal saying fucking her was same as fucking *"&$." Hushing the last part, the voice later went on to say... "But the arrogant bastard didn't even glance or care give him a look of acknowledgement. He went on to walk past him."

'Uh?'

Just as he had been listening, he almost couldn't hold back coming to halt to glance at the two discussing him by the side.

Suddenly he remembered the intimidating voice that gave a brutal and mocking comment at the other twin sister.

'Fuck' he muttered briefly in his head, realizing he had drawn himself as a target.

'My dream is to fuck and not make enemies. Damn it.'

'Well, lucky for me the school doesn't permit brazen violence.'

'Even with my stats stacked up altogether. I don't think I'll be able to take him down.'

'A committed workout enthusiast versus a trained young MMA fighter.' Max didn't want to imagine.

Very quickly he passed through the now hall of fame and got to his class.

And just when he was about to let out a relieved breath. He could sense several gazes instantly focused on him.

Among them, he was able to spot Arthur with a little plaster beneath his chin. Though the latter quickly averted his gaze.

On another seat that had been empty during the previous week was a boy with plaster to the left side of his eyes.

'Unlucky fellow.' There was no doubt he was the one Kats used to set up her break-up last week.

And there was the class president.

Well, nothing special could be said about Class 5 apart from him.

The girls in here never for once complemented his taste. So he just gave all of them a casual glance and went to sit.

Not long after their first week session would begin.

(I know, very short)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23: -New BS Teacher -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The classroom was vibrantly silent. Hushed whispers here and there. Everyone seemed to be minding their business, but often casting him a few cautious glances.

Surprisingly, their class was yet to begin which was unusual.

It was twenty down already, with twenty less to go and no teacher in sight.

'Like seriously, the stares are beginning to irritate me.'

Scribbling a few nonsensical words on the blank page,he breathed deeply before staring at the door.

Because just then, it slided open to reveal two figures. A feminine figure between mid slender builds, with a sharp bursting curve that was further outlined by the corporate office dress she wore.

The other was a fat cholesterol pig with shining teeth and a cheeky grin on his face. Wearing long white sleeves that struggled to fit into his waist.

The fat old man who he recognized to be their principal nudged his tie a bit before stepping inside. Followed by the feminine figure who had all eyes focused on her.

"Okay. As you might have all noticed your BS Teacher is absent for personal reasons best left unsaid."

"Miss Elina here will be taking on such matters from now henceforth." Revealing a cheeky smile that contorted the fat on his face, he mildly placed his hand on her back.

Sure, the gesture might have looked harmless but for Max who knew the vile intention hiding under those smiles, a slight frown ceased on his face.

"I'm Miss Elina, your new BS Teacher."

"Wow" It wasn't known who said it but there was an unceremonious nod from the rest of the class because it perfectly exhibited their thoughts.

Strict, stern, and cold. This was the impression their new BS Teacher gave off.

'Quite fitting.'

In the class's moment of astonishment, Max kept his eyes close to the two.

The principal's fat grin was still on and he could also tell there was a certain movement of his arm. Which he quickly switched focus to her face. There was no sign of irritation or reluctance in her eyes. As if totally unconcerned of the hand on her behind. Yes,the bastard had moved down quickly thanks to his plump frame obscuring most of their contact.

Suddenly their eyes both made contact. Not the principal's, but the new BS Teacher caught his drifting eyes just when he was about gauging her breasts size.

Sure, almost everyone in the class were doing something at the moment. But it seemed his luck was on the low.

She kept her eyes on him for a moment wanting to look away. But seeming to realize he never kept his eyes off her chest after she caught him.

'At las, there is always a flaw.'

She had hips and ass to boost buh her breast size was barely average. Tucked and hidden beneath her dress, the trace of them that could be visualized gave Max the impression that they were mature.

"Ah, I think I should take my leave now, enjoy your lessons now."

There was an harmonious hmmm from the rest of, quickly dismissing his words and already nudging each other to take note of the vivid color her hair gave off.

"Wow, her hair looks gorgeous." A feminine voice hushed off instantly redirecting the class attention to realize how sharp looking her hair was.

'Jet black? It looks surreal.'

"Ok settle down, we'll begin from where you last stopped."

As if oblivious to their surprise, she kept a straight face and simply swiped on the technical board to switch to a black one.

"We'll be starting from..." shortly after her aloof voice drifted through the class,sharp and knowledgeable, she didn't look like she was new at all, and carried herself in a confidently natural manner.

Seeing this, Max was forced to come back to his previous conclusion that she had gotten the job on a favour which resulted in the principal placing his hands where he shouldn't have.

'She doesn't seem to be that kind of person either.' he thought, slowly dismissing his focus from the class. And was unable to take notice that she had turned backward to his eyes staring empty at her.

'Fuck timing, I'm going to go all out.' Remembering the fatty grin, his face quickly turned sullen.

But just then...

"Max,What are the documents that should be submitted to the registrar of companies for the registration of a limited liability company?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24: -Provoked-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oh, right BS meant Business Studies. It was the second major subject after maths. And extremely crucial since it dealt on company management, economy, ethics. A pretty high and hard level course that shouldn't even be taught in highschool.

'Uh?'

From a look of speechlessness and confusion at first, his eyes regained their glint. Only to notice he had become the center of attention.

'Damn, did she just prey on me? Wow.'

Pretending to not have heard her clear,he raised the bridge of his glasses to assume a straight pose on his seat.

'Wait, she knew my name?'

"What are the documents that should be submitted to the registrar of companies for the registration of a limited liability company?"

'That desperate to use me as a scapegoat huh?'

Instantly, the atmosphere turned slightly tense with anticipation. The whole class seemingly realized they had never seen him called out by a teacher.

'Well, thank you for blowing my cover bitch. Unfortunately you'll never catch me off guard.'

Raising the bridge of his glasses once more, his mouth parted.

"To register a limited liability company (LLC)...

Memorandum of Association,

Articles of Association,

Statement of Compliance Signed by a legal practitioner or director, stating that all legal requirements for registration have been met.

Proof of Identity..."

Pitch silence, a sudden quietness filled the class as they listened to each sentence spoken casually like an alphabet recitation. They hadn't even been taught it yet, calling him to answer was just a sign to caution his bold acts of accessing her breasts.

'Did I overdo it?'

"Good."

Overcoming her surprise, her nonchalant eyes faltered with a bit of profoundness.

Right after, she turned her back assets to them to write on the board.

But now provoked, Max made sure to keep staring straight at them. While his adventurous heart began concocting nefarious plans.

'Just how would it feel to fuck that cold dismissive teacher who thinks she is above the food chain.'

'I'll do better than that fat bastard. He doesn't seem to have gotten a taste yet and seems to be poking your limit. When he's done, I'll strike him and also take you down.'

'Two birds with one stone.'

Things would soon get interesting without doubt.

Less than ten minutes later, Miss Evelyn made her way to the door without looking back.

They had Mathematics next, which was not special considering it was taught by a man.

That was how their first two classes ended and it was finally break.

Wanting to avoid the cafeteria due to the fact he was currently hot, he decided to go for his wheat biscuits and a bottle of water instead.

And there was Kats who he was yet to deal with. She had messaged him with three different accounts which he didn't reply to.

But now it was time to unblock her.

Tapping on the stargram icon, he selected the second of the only two people he's ever chatted with.

Kats.

Her profile had a blur to it and there was a huge unlock letter where the text space should have been. Not giving it much thought, he confirmed it.

Surprisingly, the other side's active status was on. He tapped on her picture which then took him to her timeline.

'Damn.'

(Last update: 2 days ago) Technically it would complete three days when the break was over since she last updated her post.

Zzz

Expectedly, there was a subtle vibration as his phone received a new text, from Kats.

(What do you fucking want!) She didn't bother putting ?, obviously vexed for having been put through a state of constant fear and trepidation for the past more than two days.

He smiled. Max smirked.

Flickering the file icon, he directly sent her two more clips of her sucking dick again.

His videos received an instant seen, he could imagine at the other side Kats eyes widened and her heart skip.

(You want the whole school to see those? I have more if you want.)

(Oh, I also got sucked watching them all.)

Then he decided to try something crazy.

Glancing vigilantly at the vacant classroom.

He pressed his trouser to reveal the outline of the huge bulge he was having. Taking a snap of it, he sent it to her with a text...

(How about sucking me too off in the locker room, without biting off my cock at least. You'll love it)

(Yes)

(But you'll delete the videos)

'She agreed so quickly?'

Smiling, he texted back.

(No, I won't delete it.)

In the female restroom, Kats who used an excuse to get away from her clique was alone in one of the shafts, staring concentratedly at her phone screen, was suddenly left speechless.

After a restless weekend, her perpetrator had finally revealed his wants.

'A blow job? Pffft I'll give you a memorable one.' she thought, thinking she was talking with someone sensible.

(No, I won't delete it.)

"What the fuck do you want bastard. Do you think I'm a fool, you can go die then."

Just as she wanted to type in these words, that she won't suck him either, she suddenly realized she really had no option.

Whether he could be trusted or not didn't matter. If she gave him what he wanted, there was a high chance he would keep to his words. If she didn't, there was no chance. So at the end she would be the one with the ultimate loss. A ruined future career where her nude leaks would be flying all over the internet.

Her perpetrator was trying to let her know she had no choice and could only do his binding willingly.

Ding!

(Be my bitch. Let me fuck your brain out in the locker room today.)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25: where are you?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

(Be my bitch and let me fuck your brains out)

'Seriously?' Looking at the sent text, Max felt embarrassed.

'It sounds like an amateur, I should be cautious with my words just like with Sophia's. It all turned out well at the end.'

Sophia was a girl with no character but the same couldn't be said for Kats. She would make sure to strike back if she could. And saying he would fuck her brains was so amateur that she would think he was a hungry loser eager to release his cum.

'Well then, I should take precautions.'

(No panties, 11:30)

"What?"

Back in the restroom, Kats was left speechless by the next text she received. Feeling both disgust and rage by confidence of her blackmail.

"What a loser"

While she already marked him as a loser, she didn't dare have the thought of enticing a few boys to come to the locker room and hide in wait for him.

'I can handle this the woman way, all dicks have their soft point.'

The fact that he wanted to fuck didn't seem to bother her in fact. Believing she would get all the job done with her mouth before it came to that, she hurriedly arranged her boobs in a tempting manner before making for the exit.

...

"Uhm... Max?"

A woman wearing black corporate dress called out to him as he made to stand up from his seat.

Hearing his name and the familiarity of the voice, seemingly not wanting erk his hare. He paused to look at the pretty petite lady who stood at the entrance of the empty classroom.

Feigning surprise, his usually composed demeanor fractured to reveal confusion amidst it.

"Miss Linda?" Barely given a moment to fall in act while trying to hide the bulge at the center of his pants, he called her name with a lost look.

The way she dressed had changed, even though the alluring part of her skin was mostly hidden. Her overall body figure and the impressive size of her breasts unbefitting of her petite figure was outlined by the black blouse she was on.

Lost in the sight for a moment, he recalled they weren't having anything science or biology until tomorrow.

'What could she be doing here then?

Oh dummy, she's here for me. The thoughts of me all week must have driven her crazy that she wanted to see her little hero.' Just as he made to adjust the bulge, her voice came over following the sound of her steps.

"Uhm... I wanted to give you this." Soon she was right before him while he pretended to be in a struggle with a particular something in his bag.

"Here." Her voice became particularly low as she stretched forth her hand to reveal what was in it.

A fancy little pen.

Appearing speechless, he cooly received it while she shly avoided his eyes, saying...

"I wanted to thank you for really helping me out the other day..."

"Hmmm. You look more pretty Miss Linda."

"Ah...sorr... sorry... I didn't know."

Hearing her panic stricken stuttering voice, his brows etched for a moment in puzzlement before realization befell him.

In her coil attempt to avert his gaze, glancing downward, she chanced upon the bulge between his legs. Throwing her into panic.

'I lowered my guard and this happens the next instant.'

"See... you later."

Unable to say a single word, he watched her hurriedly walk out of the class.

Imagining the frontal sight of her dangling tits, he frustratedly placed his hand on his forehead.

'Now what?'

'Surely not her' pushing back the thought of texting Sophia, he decided against going out and sat back down.

...

Ding! Ding! Ding!

Finally, the long awaited hour came after hours of silent endearment.

Basketball was held solely on Mondays while Soccer was held alongside the general sports on Wednesdays. A quick warm up from weekends to keep the student active and lively. Those who couldn't play would come to spectate and cheer their teams up.

Unfortunately, as an Elite School there were few exceptionally good at sport or loved anything about it in particular. For the lesser classes, it was seen as a ground to even things with class 1 and 2 boys who were usually very arrogant.

In one word, it was a battle ground.

"Off off we go"

"I was waiting to even things during the Soccer match, but I suddenly can't wait to pay them back for what they did to you."

As everyone reared to head to the basketball court, four exceptionally tall boys entered the class. Removing their jackets and untucking their shirts.

Pathing ways for them, the rest of the class began revealing excited expressions at their arrival.

Because when it came to the exceptional few at sport, Ace,Jude, Daniel and Philip were the pride of the lower classes which comprised o Class 3 to 5. Against 1 and 2.

Last week, Lorenzo under Kats bewitchment had dealt a serious blow to a boy from Class 5. And as per tradition. The lower classes using their ace would make sure to beat the teams composed of Class 1 and 2 when it came to anything sport related.

"Let's go pay them back."...

Meanwhile, watching as they gathered escorted the boy out of the class. He shook his head lightly, before taking a glance at his phone which just received a new text.

(Who are you?) It was from Kats.

In reaction,his expression didn't falter. Instead deep within his eyes, but concealed, was a raging lust.

Excluding the ten minutes, he was going to wait till the locker room was out of use. The whole game at maximum was going to take 40 minutes, with a minimum of 32 minutes.

He had 30 minutes at best to do with Kats .

'Times up.'

After dwelling in the absent classroom for minutes. He agilely stood up . Upon receiving another text from Kats.

(Where are you?)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26: -Locker room-**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Click!

Followed by the moving sound of locks. Kats moved from her hiding place to see the straight composed back of her blackmailer.

Instantly filling the atmosphere with a strange sense, neither said a word. Leaving the silence to build.

While Max stood calmly with his hand on the lock upon sensing the presence behind him.

Kats was filled with tense anticipation to see his face. She had been guessing all weekend, even going through the list of losers she knew in her head with several questions in mind.

'How did he get them?'

'Why did he wait till now?'

'Just how?'

By now the whole locker room was filled with tension that had reach its peak. Until finally.

Having taken his time,he raised the bridge of his glasses before turning.

"..."

"You?"

Not of realization or rage but confusion and incredulity. Her eyes fluttered briefly as she stared at the four-eyed boy with an out of model haircut. Totally zero in her standard. In Fact the only thing that looked notable about him was the uniform he was wearing.

'When did such dumb looking bastard start attending this school.' she thought.

Even losers tried to follow trends, but the person before her looked like he didn't care. Confident even, his eyes roamed her with desire.

Apart from the fact that she didn't know him at all, his looks sparked instant disgust in her for someone who usually hung out with cool, sharply dressed boys with luxurious rides.

'Wow,do I look that bad.'

Watching her face squeeze with disgust and instant hate, he thought jokingly to himself.

Unfortunately for Kats though, she just happened to harden his heart to what he would do to her.

'Well, quite an expression after you just sold your ticket.'

He didn't speak a single word.

Turning on his phone,he stretched it before her.

"Disgusting Scum" Gritting her teeths, her big chest swelled vehemently as she appeared to choke down her rage at the sight of her leaks on his phone.

"Oh, you didn't think you were a bitch sucking cocks?"

"Ok, let's get this done with."

And surprisingly, she began to unbutton her shirt.

Soon he was left with her gorgeous front view. Her huge breasts caged in a pink bra.

She then stared up at him with an exasperated look. Only for her eyes to widen as he brought out his throbbing dick from his pants.

"Come suck it." He commanded in a vile tone.

Having no other choice, she indeed came closer kneeled before him.

Staring up at his cold face, slurp!

Max felt her cold palm wrap around his hot shaft, before plunging it straight into her mouth as her tongue and saliva wrapped around it to produce a slurp sound.

"Hmmm" he released a thick groan.

Holding it by the base, she expertly tightened the edge of her lips around it for a deep tight suck.

Sending a sense of bliss traveling down his spine, as he raised his hand to grab her hair

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

As her head moved up and down, exiting and swallowing every inch of him. He stilled the bliss he was having and decided to go for the thrust instead.

"rrrrh!" An inaudible moan was produced as his cock dived down her throat. Forcing her eyes to widened.

As someone who loved taking control at what she did best, Max's act of grabbing her hair and thrusting his dick down her throat didn't sit well with her. Yet this was just the beginning. As she knelt like slutily before him. He soon withdrew his throbbing shaft, and whipped it on her chin. Rubbing his precum over her mouth before thrusting it back in.

This time slutier sultry sounds were being produced.

He held her hair with boths hands and began thrusting faster.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp! With each echoe of this sound, she felt the center between her legs tighten.

His commanding act, and his ongoing rampage of fucking her down her throat was starting to feel incredibly good. She hadn't felt this way before.

The boys she usually gave blowjobs to after they dated for two weeks always seemed to be on the needle whenever she was handling their 5-6 inches dick. As if not wanting to earn her err, they stood patiently for her to suck them off.

But the boy before her didn't, he was treating her as if she was his toy, and yet she loved the feel of it.

By now, his precum had already filled her mouth, making it seem like he was brushing her teeths with his huge dick.

"Hmmm" producing a groan, Max felt his dick hardened even more inside her tongue.

"Swallow it"

Sensing his balls tighten, he muttered but seeing her close her eyes shut. A nasty grin appeared on his face for the first time.

Not hesitating, he brought out his dick and made sure the first wave of semen splattered across her face.

"Hmmmmm, yessssssss." Giving a low exhale, she smiled, feeling his warm slimy liquid on her skin.

After the second wave though, he inserted his dick back in her mouth.

Understanding what he wanted, she noticed he was quickly reducing and started rolling her tongue around it .

Sluuuup!

Tsk tsk tsk, she spitted it out several times and the next instant it was back to life in full figor.

'Round two.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27: -Hopeless-***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Pulling her up on his feet, he brought her closer and directed to one one of the closed locker. Pressing her back against it...

"Hmmmmmmm." Kats breath grew rapid, moaning in exhilaration, she felt his two palms grab both her tits and his mouth latched onto the one by the right. Sucking on it hungrily, she felt an insane tickling sensation, rushing through her whole body.

Being pressed to the locker, with her shirt unbuttoned. Her breeze felt the assault of the cool wind, especially her nipples which were both fully erect.

But more arousing than that was the thought that just flashed past her mind. Her predatory blackmail was acting like a starved baby before her breasts, the feeling of power she felt was so intense that she even moaned a yes to appease it.

"Ahhhhh, yesssssssss!"

It was also then Max roughly bit her nipple, and switched to the left one which was now feeling left out .

"Hmmmm" Suffocating himself in her plumpness, with a wild attempt to wrap his palm properly around her bouncy firmness, he groaned deeply.

Suck, bite, lick. He did all these, leaving Kats breathless, as she squirmed and pressed her bress further into his grasp to suck.

Unfortunately they were done, he didn't need to say it. Feeling his poking firmness, on her flat belly. She wanted to go down on him and pay him back for his assaults.

But instead, she felt a forceful grip on her neck that stopped her. Bringing her to her senses, her enraptured eyes became clear of lust under his gaze. Filling the atmosphere with instant tension. His voice sounded detached.

"Turn over and place your hands on the bench."

"No..."

"Do it, I know you are no fucking virgin. Or do you think I haven't seen you getting sticked with a dildo.,"

Instantly, Kats eyes flashed with shock, something beyond it in fact. It was pure terror.

"Oh, I know you are one of her fun toys too."

Hearing him, her eyes turned listless.

Seemingly unbothered by her state of shock, he released his grip from her knock and properly let his trouser loose.

Holding on to the bench, her plump as revealed itself to Max.

Smack!

He slapped it without hesitation, enjoying the sight of her ass trembling.

The unfilled dream of the whole boys in school. He raised what was left of her skirt from behind to reveal the pink lingerie pant she was on.

Like an uncovered dish, her aroused sense waffled into his nostril.

Not wasting much time, he quickly shifted it to the side and inserted the tip inside.

"Arrrrr!"

"Hmmm" her moan and his groan matched despite the difference in pitch.

Max felt his cock slippery go in due to her wetness. And Kats felt something big filling every inch of her wet slippery pussy. The difference in bliss was huge.

"Arrrhhhh!" A loud moan escaped her lips, as she positioned her ass more to his groin. Wanting to feel more of him eloped in her cave.

Having realized that she was totally hopeless and Max had the power to fuck the most renowned students in all of Elite Metropolitan High. Her resentment lessened.

Feeling the thickness of her ass, he held both sides still, drowning in pleasure, he continued thrusting without pause hearing her voracious moans.

Kpa! Kpa kpa!

As the sound of their flesh colliding reverberated through the locker room. Kats moaned, feeling his every thrust dive deeper and deeper as she continuously held onto the bench to be able to take in the force.

They went on for a few minutes, missing the softness of her breasts. Mostly importantly the view of them jingling upon his thrust... Kats felt him pull out of her cave.

"Ahhhh, yessss!" Her bliss peaked only to go down the drain.

Before she could recover, he pulled her back up and carried her.

Other than the short pleated skirt she was wearing, her legs were covered with long transparent stockings.

Finding no difficulty in spreading her legs, he lifted her up and with a bang! Slammed her on one of the lockers. Resting most of her weight on it. He proceeded to position her entrance with his fingers.

Sensing him touch her clit,

"Ahhh!" A soft moan escaped her lips, but his blood only boiled even more upon hearing it.

'Ehn?'

To his surprise, he felt a hand grap his dick and direct it to the slit between legs.

"Aaaaahhh" she let out a different moan, that of submission.

"Hmmm" as his throat cracked with pleasure, under her direction, he followed with a swift thrust. Diving into her ocean of ecstasy, his dick slip path both dripped wet petals and filled the very walls they guarded.

"Ahhh, ahhh ahhh ahhh...." "Yesssssssss"

Breathless, she continued moaning under his assault as he fucked her to the locker.

Entrapped in the sight of her breasts humping, he lowered his head between them. Biting onto her softness.

Soon a hand directed the nipple inside his mouth.

"Fuck me! Fuck me!...." Being slammed to the locker, rocked every time,her whole body to soul was drowned in bliss and burning lust.

"Arrrrrrrrrghhhh!" Following her shout, she cummed.

As the sweet nectar dripped and lubricated her pussy till he was he could hear being splashed upon their contact.

He increased his pace...

"Ahhh... ahhh... ahhh...!" Her pussy wall tightened around his cock as she released again.

Unfortunately, he couldn't escape and also cummed.

"Hmmm" releasing an ecstasied groan, he quickly slipped out after releasing his semen inside her. Not because he insisted, but because the bitch stated she was on pils.

Unexpectedly, his second blackmail ended up almost as the first.

Looking at the time, they had five minutes more till the game would be over.

"I'll get them deleted." Seemingly satisfied, he stared at the drained figure lying on the semen that had sipped out of her pussy, before heading out.

A lips parted, wanting to say something but eventually she seemed like she decided against it and silently watched him unlock the door before walking out.

Ding!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28: -Rewards-²
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ding!

[Congratulations! Host has committed an heinous Taboo.]

[Granting Rewards...]

[Location of committed Taboo has triggered bonus rewards. Locker room]

[Not valid as a Taboo Task.]

[x3 Rewards]

[100 Promotion Points x3]

[300 Promotion Points ]

[C Rank Elite Student

Promotion Points: 900/1000 For B Rank]

[0.1 Stats Point x3 Reward]

[0.3 Stats Point Reward]

[Due to Location of committed Taboo, Host shall receive Bonus Reward for fucking Non-target Kats in the Locker room.]

[Bonus Reward...]

[+1 Stats Point]

[+50 Promotion Points]

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan High School

Stats: 0.6

Charm- 16.

Strength- 20.5

Agility- 10.1

Stamina- 35.

C Rank Elite Student: 600/100 to B Rank.

Special Ability: Mr Mystery

Quest: Become An SSS Rank Taboo Students: Requirements, performing Taboo Tasks.]

'What the fuck?'

Staring intently at the Bonus Rewards section, he felt even more excited than staring at the stats section. Unfortunately, his excitement couldn't be expressed because he lost in depth of speechless surprise. More importantly, he was confused.

For fucking Sophia, even after calculating their escapedes in the toilet, according to the system. He was given a five x5 Reward. A promotion point of 500 and extra 100 as bonus. His stats however, was barely 0.6 in total.

600 Promotion Points and 0.6 stats for completing a Taboo Task. By doing so, the system highlighted the value and how hard it was to earn stats point. Which he didn't find surprising since the thought of physical increase was fantasical on its own. Also with a multiplier, the basic if earning Promotion Points was a hundred.

All these together, he had been given 350 Promotion Points, which was actually less... and 1.3 Stats Point in total just for because he fucked in the locker room.

'I fucked up big time.'

'Does this mean that,if I had fucked Sophia somewhere crazy inside the school building. I would perhaps have gotten a x10 Reward, at least 2 Stats Point?'

Smacking his face, his eyes looked through the his fingers, at the transparent screen as regret began flooding his heart.

'I've been played by the fucking system.'

'So now, technically, the System values me fucking in school than carrying a school task home to fulfill. I did my class-work as an assignment so naturally by points get deducted.'

'I guess no more home fuck for me then.' thinking about the lost he would make, he glanced at the screen once more. Rather the decimal figures.

'Where should I add this?'

'My strength is all good, but I doubt my capability to land a proper blow.'

'Agility should also increase my reaction speed. So...'

Closing his eyes, he willed for the total of 1.3 Stats Point to be added to Agility.

Soon after, there was swell feeling through his whole body like something was circulating through him.

"Hmmm" suddenly he released an ecstasied groan as the swell receded, almost vanishing in an instant.

'Yo!!'

Feeling his surroundings darken and his ears deafened for a moment, he held his head. His whole body felt lighter and became normal after that. As if nothing ever happened.

'Sure felt it.'

[Agility: 11.4]

As he pondered how fast he would be able to move now, having almost reached the class.

Ding! Ding! Ding! The electronic bell rang. As dozens of student, appeared on the other side of the hallway that lead to the basketball building.

'She must have cleaned it up by now no worries.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29: -New Task: Miss Rose-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ding! Ding! Ding!

The rest of the classes had been a smooth experience after solving the issue of his bulge in the locker room.

Other than that, there was nothing remarkable to talk about. The electronic bell rang thrice for the last time.

Right now, he was only waiting back in the class to avoid any commotion in the Hallway. There was also the gossip that Cinthya was searching for him. But none of his classmates spoke a word about it because they didn't want to get on the bad side of the ruthless quiet fellow.

'They should all have gone by now.' Thinking about how the crowded Hallway must have grown empty, he picked up his bag and began heading out.

'No surprise.'

Indeed, just like he had calculated it had become sparse of living souls.

'Meh, I have to quicken my plan. I bet a serious fuck after school should please the system more.'

'Fucking one of my classmate inside class after school? Damn! Crazy!'

'Or fucking in the Principal's Office, that should be a huge forbidden Taboo. Probably going to earn me 10 whole stats points.'

'Restroom, Staff Office, Basketball Court? On the field? Oh shit...'

As he thought of the amazing place to fuck and earn stats points. He suddenly remembered something.

"We are having our term seminar next two weeks. Damn.'

Remembering the dark enclosed Hall with only a projector as a source of light. He imagined receiving a quickie on it. Fucking a bitch while the school second year gathered without their knowledge.

'Or I could sit on the chair, and lap a student.'

As his thoughts drifted with erotic glee, he suddenly came to realize something.

'Wait, surely not with Kats or Sophia. The former is a walking highlight and the other always have to follow her group.'

'Naaah, definitely not an option.'

'I'll need to find someone that doesn't have influence.'

'Right, the students' forum.'

'Oh, fuck how did I even think of it. Hard to imagine I haven't joined for more than a whole year after being accepted.'

Thinking about the major gossip site with hot updates. He took a left turn, only to halt after a few steps as he stared at the huge screen by the corner of the hallway.

"A wall screen as a notice board, very extravagant." Thinking about how expensive such a screen was. He brought out his phone and scanned one of the QR code (EMHF) Elite Metropolitan High Forum.

"Quite the new one here aren't you..." The voice drifted from behind him but seemed to halt as it realized something.

Turning back with a composed look, he saw the weird look in the woman's eye.

Red hair, matured beauty, robust chest, definitely a top class milf. She was dressed in a flashing woman suit, red in color.

This was the instructor, the one who managed the teaching system as a whole. Like checking if the teachers were doing well on their job bla bla bla...

Seemingly realizing this was the second year floor, her thought that Max was a new student needing to scan the forum code was thrown off. Which was actually the first time.

"Good day Miss Scarlet." Other than being the instructor, she was also known for her jovial side, a partial mother figure on the surface. And earned pure respect and admiration from the students. It would have been normal, only that this was a school filled with proud wealthy kids.

"Hi dear, quite the strange one aren't you. Never actually took note of you before." She said with a genuine smile and curiosity written over her face.

"Hmmm... I am a Loser."

"..."

Responding with all honesty, the matured woman, stunningly watched him walk away.

Releasing a sigh of relief, his gaze quickly turned to code.

'Only if I didn't know...'

Ding!

Almost reaching the exit, the familiar System alert reached his ears,as a transparent screen appeared before him.

[System has discovered that a level of tabooness accessible to the Host,is going on in the Principal's Office.]

[Taboo Tasks]

[Target:Miss Rose]

'Ugh?' He stared confusingly at the screen for a moment before reacting.

.

'What the fuck'

'The bastard fatty? And Miss Rose?'

'I skipped two levels, meaning from detecting student Taboo to the Principal Level. I can also get assigned to Teacher Taboos?'

'But why Miss Rose, when the fuck did this start.'

As he pondered, he glanced through the Hallway to see it was empty before he began dashing towards the Principal's Office.

'Why fucki Miss Rose you bastard! How was the fuck did this happen.' Max thought, feeling both vexation and loss.

Though Miss Rose didn't Teach on the second floor, which was for Second Senior Years. Despite the rare interactions between each floor. She was still well known for having the biggest tits among the school teachers. Her picture had been circulating once through the whole floors and he happened to see it on someone's screen. Digging into her after that, he discovered despite being blessed with such fantasical assets, she was mostly composed in her dressing, making sure to cover her it fully.

Her kind attitude further skyrocketed her fame. She was a Third Year Teacher, he had tried desperately to hack into their CCTV System but failed countless times. From what he gathered though, she wasn't bad.

But now it seemed, no one in this school could be trusted for their character without being secretly monitored. Since he activated the System, he dumped his camera routine thinking he had enough prey to complete his SSS Quest. Who knew.

Hurriedly matching downward the stair, he appeared on a broader hallway where the three floors linked. Also making the Principal's Office accessible to the three of them.

The school building had three sides, taking the shape of a triangle from an aerial view. Each side serving as an entrance to each floor, and its own curtilage.

Anyway, Max roamed the hallway a bit before figuring out the right turn to take to the Principal's Office.

Judging by the System's criteria they must have already engaged in the act.

'I can't just go in there acting...'

'Oh yeah, I sure will.'

"Hmmmmmmmmm! Mmmmmm! Mmmmmm!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30: -Interrupting With A Break In-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hmmmmmmmmm! Mmmmmm! Mmmmmm!"... "Slurp!"

As he made a gap between the door a little, he heard the blood boiling moans and slurp sound which could only mean one thing...

Instantly, he took of his jacket and wrapped it around his face, staring at the door with a resolute expression.

He breathed and moved back, then dashed forward...

BANG!

Imbuing all of his strength into the kick. The classic wooden door flung open with a loud bang. Throwing splinters here and there. It's hinge had been twisted by the force of impact and was barely hanging on the door frame in one sided position.

Not giving them a chance to react...

Click! Click! Click!... Several distinct clicks reverberated through the frozen office atmosphere.

Though he didn't want to believe it himself...

Miss Rose was on her knees, holding the five inches dick of the pot bellied Principal that was rapidly deflating. Her face was covered in semen, and her light make-up ruined. Her chestnut hair was in a hargard form from having been grabbed roughly.

And her most precious bosom, apparently, was open in all full glory to see.

She was wearing a black turtleneck shirt with long sleeves. Probably too difficult to pull off for the old bastard. It had been raised half way instead, resting above the less plumpy side of her massive tits. Her bra was casted to the floor. Her tits too and had been used to fulfill the old man's fantasy, and sprayed with droplets of cum.

'A boob fuck? Shit'

For now at least, her skirt was half halfway raised. Seemingly yet to be explored, which somehow lifted the pang in his heart.

As for the old fatty, the only thing he still has on was a boxer and black socks on his feets.

Click! Click! Click....

He continued tapping, moving closer in different styles as they were seemingly trying to comprehend what was going on.

"Noooooo!" It was Miss Rose who reacted first and tried to cover her tits with both arms. Unfortunately they were too massive, and he kept on Clicking shots.

And finally the fatty reacted...

" Security!" The fats in his cheeks scrunched up, almost making the ground tremble, he leaped forward to try to snatch the phone from Max.

Surprised by the agile manner at which the fatty leaped, Max reacted quickly with a roll to the exit. Barely managing to escape from the Principal's grasp.

While he considered the act of calling on the security foolish. He wasn't confident in his ability to react to their punches and began dashing off without saying any word so he won't be easily recognized if there was any camera. Which unfortunately wasn't, but being careful never hurt.

'Right, he'll call them off soon after realizing he's still in boxers with a staff in his office. What would his wife say if discovered.'

With that he slowed down, and walked out of the exit. Which was now sparse with cars since almost all the students had gone home. Those who still had their car here were probably serving detention.

Throwing off several distracting thoughts, he was in a hurry to go home.

Entering the car, he steadily drove out and sped through the asphalt road for the first time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31: -Giving Neighbors A Lift-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’I’ll be damned’

Well, he would have continued speeding not until he saw a familiar luxurious suv parked by the road side and a beautiful woman flagging him down with a bright smile on her upon realizing her savior had turned up.

Stepping on the brakes in a slow manner, his wheel gave a distinct whistling sound as it came to a halt at the front of the SUV.

Of course if it had been any random person, he wouldn’t have cared. Which was why he cursed inwardly upon realizing he did know her.

Adjusting the rear view mirror, he watched as the breathtaking woman lightly walked up to his car. Obviously on high heels, her robust hourglass hips were faintly outlined under the simple black arabian gown she was wearing, which would have made sense if she didn’t kit up in leggings and sports bra every morning.

Recently, most of the men in the estate started checking up on their physical fitness every morning upon realizing the wonderful view they would get. Unfortunately, irking another neighbor with evidence, could lead to being excused from the estate residents, which was why most had stayed their hands.

Shortly after, a sweet scent breezed into the car upon her arrival, almost making him break his composure.

Well, there was a reason she rode an SUV.

"Hi there Max, it’s been a while."

Propping down a little,to meet his eyes. He caught her bewitching face,lit with a bright simple smile that looked seductive at the same time. Almost losing himself at sudden protrusion of her chest upon her attempt to level eyes to him.

He took a faint intake of air before replying.

"Goodday Mrs Dalia, ah, can’t really say it’s good. I see that you got a big little problem at the back."

"Ah, yes Max. It’s good to see you. As usual, you’re a very observative young man. Picking on the slightest clue to grasp an understanding of the situation."

To her unexpectedly detailed reply, he revealed a flattered smile while trying to avoid direct contact with her eyes.

"Ah, we were taught to do so." he replied shortly, nodding as he appeared to hold the steering tighter.

Sure enough, Mrs Dalia seemed to notice and her smile grew brighter and more bewitching from the corner of his eyes. Seeming pleased, she glanced towards the SUV.

"I was waiting for the estate repair to arrive, but seeing you. How about giving us a ride then. Since we live so close to each other."

’Us?’ Then it dawned on him. Mrs Dalia had a daughter but no husband. The girl who had reported him and attended an all girls school.

He never really cared to learn her name, but now he did.

"Talia" she called, revealing her Mexican accent. A moment later, from the rear view mirror, the door of the black SUV was pushed open. And a tall slender girl, holding a tablet, came out.

"Come over." Mrs Dalia then waved at her.

Seeming to take something from the car, the girl went and came out with a pink backpack.

Then slammed the door so hard that he heard it.

"Oh, sorry about that." Noticing his awkward look, Mrs Dalia said.

Meanwhile...

’Vexed huh? You should be lucky I’m giving you a ride, snitching bitch.’ Not that he could really blame her for hating him, the previous fat loser Max had sneaked to watch her swim in their pool and ended up being caught by her.

’But that was fucking three years ago. Who holds a grudge to that extent.’ Thinking back to that piece of memory, he shrugged his head.

Suddenly, the sweet scent breezing into the car increased to a tremendous amount. Standing beside the car, the sassy girl coldy glanced inside his car. Apparently finding it neater than she had thought it would be.

"Get in baby, Max is a good guy you don’t need to worry." Mrs Dalia smiled as she rubbed her daughter’s hair before glancing towards him to see he was all focused on staring at the side mirror.

"Ok." Appearing to push back a strand of her hair that escaped being tied to a ponytail. She glanced coldly at him one more time before stepping in.

Mrs Dalia followed after, taking the front seat while her daughter sat at the back.

He was 17 while she was probably in her mid thirties, her daughter 16.

’Isn’t she afraid I’ll knock them both into an accident.’

They rode in silence for the next three minutes. But his mexicana milf neighbor looked uncomfortable and decided to bring up a conversation.

"You know Max, I haven’t seen you for the past 3 Months. You’ve stopped keeping fit?" She said turning to stare directly at him like it was nothing.

Talia who seemed fixated on what she was watching paused but then resumed like she hadn’t heard anything.

Keeping up with his shy mature facade, he appeared to be obviously searching for an excuse then said...

"Uhm , I decided to take indoor abs lessons." Which was the partial truth, he stopped jogging outside because he wanted to avoid the sight of her curvaceous figure and avoid nutting. Other than that, he always found himself weakened by her direct seemingly harmless look into his eyes when ever she turned to him.

But to his words, there was an atmospheric silence. Both mother and daughter seemed stunned by his reply.

"Oh, really, they must look shaped and hot now. Considering how committed you’re."

"Thanks." He replied with a shy nod. Before slowly hitting the brakes to make a smooth turn to the right.

The estate gate came in sight and he rode in smoothly without any stop check.

Coming to a halt at the duplex before his, the sweet scent that filled the cat began to swiftly dissipate after a short thank you hug from Mrs Dalia saying it was a Mexican custom. Talia couldn’t do the same since she was at the back, but he doubted if she would even if she was at the front.

"Ok Mrs Dalia." He muttered briefly with a neutral wave before igniting the engine once more.

...

A few seconds later, right as he was about to pull up into drive way. He discovered a brand new sedan had already filled in the space.

"Oh man."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32: -Father-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oh Man." As he muttered these words, almost like a low curse. He drove by the black sedan and parked inside the garage which had only one car inside. A blue Lambo.

Daddy is back wasn’t something he rejoiced upon.

Inputting the codes,he pushed open the doors to reveal the exotic organized sitting room.

But unlike it usually was whenever he came back, an empty husk of a family home. Today there was a living soul occupying the seats on the couches with a lax posture. Even the huge 8k Tv was turned on, apparently showing one of those nature discovery shows. But seeming to realize the door had opened, the show was paused and a robust looking man with impressive height, holding a beer, revealed himself. While excluding a fatherly air.

Meeting his gaze, the man’s expression happened to brighten. Appearing contended his voracious voice reverberated out loud.

"Look who is here, late for the first time."

"Hi Dad..." Despite his unwillingness to accept the man who disregarded his family well-being for months, and would again. He blurted the forced words, while scrunching his nose with a light frown.

That said, his father loved drinking a lot. Other than the beer, the whole atmosphere was mixed with varying strong booze.

"At last, you’ve found yourself a little crush and decided to build up that body into something satisfactory to look at. Welcome home boy. Come sit and let’s have a man to man talk."

"No, I’m busy." Max replied, still standing at the entrance but glanced up at the lounge upon hearing the quickened steps coming from the steps.

Another surprise he hadn’t expected, his sister was home.

Wearing a loose crop top that left most of her tummy exposed, and a matching baggy pants.

He watched in slow mo, a critical observation state. As her breasts jiggled, outlining her nipples with each step she took down.

’Wow, never knew she had something so impressive.’ Suddenly he realized they rarely ever saw each other despite living in the same house. But to think he had missed such an impressive view... He raised the trajectory of his gaze a little bit and their eyes met. He had been caught.

Frowning, she threw a dismissive side glare at him.

’Am I dreaming?’

Meanwhile, his father who looked thoughtful upon his reply. Shook his head lightly as he took a gulp from the bottle he was holding, before glancing at his daughter.

"You kids are always holed up in your room. Why don’t we have a little family dinner tonight... You both can’t refuse or I’ll be halving your allowances."

As he made his way up, briefly crossing paths with his sister. He,they both halted in their tracks upon hearing the balant threat by their father.

There was minute silence, but then he shrugged.

"I’m busy."

"Ok."

One was a refusal, the other was an agreement. Yet synched.

Both siblings turned to exchange glances, seemingly realizing something. But then, Max turned and continued walking without bothering to throw his father a look.

"I’ll be halving it then." With momentary solemnity, he stared at Max ascending figure before gulping another mouthful of beer.

...

Thinking about the half of her allowance, a vile smile crept up his chin as he locked the door.

Even with half the allowance, his savings could last him a whole year of lavish lifestyle.

Evelyn meanwhile had proposed a deal to pay him a certain amount, which was half of her monthly allowance in order to keep his mouth shut, from exposing their relationship.

Feeling refreshed at the thought, he quickly settled in on the gaming chair and brought up his laptop.

Assuming his geek form, his eyes turned solemn, filled with silent intensive focus and seriousness.

A lot of things had to be done, like for example clearing the CCTV footage of him driving through the school gate.

...

About two hours later, approximately 4 pm.

Zzzz! His phone buzzed, breaking his intense focus from the game screen with the word (4th, Close but far) written on it. In its transparent background, there was a muted confrontation still going. Apparently he had died.

He had muted both Kats and Sophia, so his brows scrunched up as he wondered who it could possibly be.

Tap

As he swiped the front screen, the whole room turned absolutely silent for a moment, before a bright smile lit up on his face a moment later.

Unexpectedly, it was a direct text message. The first he had actually received from a living soul.

(Please agree to dad’s demand.) The text read.The sender was actually a saved contact. But without any sense of affection or whatsoever. "Evelyn" It was his sister’s.

Suddenly adjusting the arm-rest, a piqued look took form on his face, as he shifted more comfortably. Typing back his response a moment later.

(On what grounds?) His reply, detached and formal.

On the other side, inside her room. Evelyn who just checked up on the remaining figures in her bank account, and doubted if she could survive the coming month with it. Heard the twinkle notification of her phone and quickly grabbed it. But her face turned sour.

(On what grounds?) From Maximus.

"Stinky, disgusting bastard." Subtly gritting her teeth, she inhaled slightly before typing back. Brushing off the thoughts on what happened on Saturday.

( I’ll owe you one, a favour.)

’Quite honorable words for someone about to go broke.’ Though he criticized her in his mind. He thought of how he would be receiving half of her allowance and benevolently conceded.

(Ok) He replied, leaving Evelyn speechless at the other end of the screen.

’I didn’t he would go down easily considering he’s a jerk.’ Take note, she had dropped the assumption that he was a loser and now considered him a jerk. At the same time her mind ran wild for a moment at the thought of what he would do with the favour.

"By 9"

Shortly after, a loud voice resounded so loud that even the neighbors may have heard it.

AN: A quick one.

I believe diving a bit into slice of life would give further thrill when the acts are committed.

Most of my chaps so far was to build characters. Fucking a unknown characters wouldn’t sound so fun right?

Expect a twist.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33: -Family Dinner -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Several hours later.

Having used the late evening to put his body-system into deep slumber, in order to renew most of the raw strength spent during the day. His eyes were now brimming with vigor and clear despite it being late in the night.

He stared silently at the mirror, observing the hidden him.

With his glasses off, and his hair adjusted, styled into a curtain cut. The chiseled features of his face was in opulent view. Revealing a strikingly handsome him, the true exhibition from his hard work over the past year.

’Just look at that, I am too handsome for my own liking.’

Savoring his striking appearance, he adjusted the edge of the suit he was wearing. A black shawl lapel, as customary to wear to an exclusive restaurant for the rich.

’This should do.’ As he thought inwardly, he grabbed his phone before leaving his room.

...

"We are a few minutes behind schedule already, yet your sister isn’t done."

To his father’s words, holding on the steering as he glanced at his watch.

His expressionless face revealed a subtle frown only to soften a moment later. Sitting at the back seat, he saw a charming figure open the door.

Wearing an indigo colored, casual linen strap dress. Her hair parked in a modest fashion. With a little purse crossed across her exposed shoulders. His sister calmly walked towards the car. For a moment he was completely enraptured by her view, especially her boobs as he could already pinpoint her nipples through it. The koi sound of her short heels drew him back.

A moment later, she opened the front door and stepped inside. Sitting next to their dad. The two man atmospheric battle of colognes, was instantly defeated by the scent of her perfume.

There was a contemplative silence, but then his father spoke up.

"You’re as charming as your mother." His father wistfully said. Staring silently at his sister for a moment before helping her swipe a strand of her hair back.

Unfortunately, none of his kids seemed mindful enough to lift the mood at the thought of their dead mother.

"Ok that’s it, let’s move."

Releasing a loud sigh, the

Sedan ignition was turned on with an appealing engine roar.

A moment later, they were driving through the estate’s asphalt road.

...

Moonlight Hotel.

As the S class black Sedan came to a whistling stop. Three of its four doors were pushed open to reveal three striking figures. Each dressed impressively in luxurious suits, and dressed. A robust looking man, a tall classic looking youth, and a beautiful girl in her prime.

Just then the scents of their cologne and perfume waffled into his nose, breaking him from his dazed state. The awaiting chauffeur quickly rushed forward to respectfully collect the kio keys. A job he cherished deeply, since he would be able to enter many ridiculously expensive cars he couldn’t afford.

Taking in the grand but tranquil sight of the towering building.

’Moonlight Hotel.’ Max thought to himself as he read the huge sign,with a half moon near it.

Impressed by the empty street around them, just when he was about to exclude another tranquil sigh. He was interrupted by his father’s deep composed voice. Assuming a formal look.

"Ok kids, let’s go enjoy daddy’s treats." strongly patting on his shoulder. They walked in.

Meanwhile, on the first floor of the

building, upon entering they were led by an elite waitress. Towards the VIP section of the restaurant. Walking past several dining couples who turned heads upon inhaling their strong cologne, they soon arrived at an enclosed space. A tranquil dimly lit room, with a full round table of various exquisite dishes at its center. Surprisingly, there were no walls but a thick glass that presented a one way view of the whole restaurant while the couples dined obviously to the gaze that may be focused on them.

"Savour the tranquility kids. Here, you can let go of your ethics and eat freely."

To their father’s words there was a momentary exchange of glances between both siblings before the man went and pulled out a chair. Stretching out one arm for his daughter to come sit.

To this, Evelyn smiled and gracefully stepped forward while Max watched with an expressionless look.

"Despite how quick you’ve grown, you’ll always be my princess." Seeing that his act had finally melted her cold unresponsive facade, his father revealed a cheeky smile and pulled out the next chair.

’There, he bought your forgiveness with a simple gentleman act.’

Unwilling to watch, he stepped forward and pulled out one of the chairs. Sitting opposite Evelyn, and at the same time was able to catch the view the one way glass provided them. His tactic was this, if his father bored him out he would entertain himself with the lovey dovey couples spread through the restaurant. Not aware of how life saving his simple stunt would be. There was a solemn silence between the three of them as they stared at the remaining one seat.

"Damn, didn’t I tell them it was a reservation for three." His father mouthed a displeased curse, breaking the silence as he fell stood up and pushed the fourth chair away.

At the thought of their deceased mother and wife, the atmosphere was a little bit awkward at first as they readied their cutlery and began taking dibs at the dishes.

"Right, I heard you’ve taken on the SSS Ranked Elite Program."

Filing the room with a momentary pause, the clicks of cutlery came to a sudden halt.

"Yes." His sister responded, probably realizing there was no one as impressive as her in the room, with a light smile.

Though it was a bit misjudging, he acted unconcerned and sliced the beef steak.

"Your grandma called, we’ll be going back to England during your spring break. Hopefully I get to spend Easter there too. Including you Max..."

Unfortunately, his father’s latter words merely drifted past his ears without his brain registering a single thing.

Suddenly his usually expressionless eyes became slit with sharpness ,unbeware to his conversing father.

On the other side of the glass, among the rows of sparsely arranged tables within the restaurant. To the right corner, less illuminated by the dim light. His wandering eyes caught a suspicious scene.

At first he wanted to brush it off and look elsewhere, seeing it was a lovey dovey scene and a proposal was about to happen. But then, as the lady placed her palm over her eyes. The man slipped out a tiny paper and poured the content inside her wine glass. While doing so he could tell the man was conversing with her. Probably saying a few sweet words to delay her. And a moment later, he brought out a tiny box. Opening it with another set of flowery words.

Under the dim light, he was unable to make out the woman’s facial features. But he could see her familiar eyes open, glistening even like a gem as it reflected the ring. Flickering her fingers as the man slid it on one of them.

’How cunning. He’s using the restaurant policy of maintaining tranquility. To keep her from attracting unwanted attention over his proposal.’ Realizing this, a sharp glint flash through his eyes as he gazed with more focus at how things would play out.

Unsuspecting, the lady’s long arm stretched for the man to pour her a drink. Which he did, and she drank.

"Max?" Unfortunately, he was forced to divert back his attention to the room. Answering his father’s tedious question with simple curt words for the next few minutes. Until his diversion back to his sister.

Piercing his gaze through the glass, towards the dim corner. He was taken aback by the sight he saw.

Awkwardly pressing her breasts, while her other arm lightly clung onto the man’s shoulder for support, in a state of inebriation. Was a face he was very much familiar with, having come in contact with just recently in the day. Now that she was standing, trying to rather. The familiar figure he had tried to avoid in earnest was revealed by the body con dress she was wearing.

’Miss Dalia?’ He thought inwardly with a skeptical look on his face. Unable to believe.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34: -Mrs Dalia In Distress -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Mrs Dalia?’

He thought in disbelief, not wanting to believe, despite the fact she was right there being assisted by the same person who drugged her.

The man was quite cautious, acting all kind while giving several apologetic nods at the dining couples that glanced their way.

And soon they were close to making an exit.

Feeling his chest swell with unwillingness, he glanced at the ridiculous amount of dishes they were yet to dib into and stood up, earning the attention of his father and sister.

"Sorry, I want to use the restroom." He muttered, swiping the napkin as he calmly structed out.

...

Meanwhile, away from the public realm, within the building mass of the 5 star hotel, unknown to Max. A luxurious black BMW swerved into one of its parking lots to reveal a professionally dressed, young chauffeur closing its door. As he handed the keys over to the awaiting man, who had a drunken vixen strung to his shoulders. Though such sights were rare, the young chauffeur had seen several and was able to act oblivious to where the woman’s hand was trying to grab. Only to be held back by the man, who nodded cynically at her acts and collected the key with his other hand.

Bidding a curt nod, the young chauffeur quickly scampered. His suspicion thrashed by the thought of losing his job if he messed up.

"Here you go bitch, you can have it for all you want." Seeing the chauffeur was no longer in sight, he let go off her hand that was trying to cease his dick through his pants.

"Hmmm." A short groan hummed through the man’s throat, as his breath quickened. Drawing a quick inhalation, his eyes shone with dark glee and excitement at her wonderful touch.

"Co...come to mommy." As her slurred words reached his ears, tightening her hold of the protruding tent in his pants.

A creepy victorious smile curled up his lips, as he lowered his arm to grab a handful of her unimaginably soft ass. Closing his eyes soft, with a pleasured look.

"You’re not so stubborn any more are you." Remembering the last event that unfolded when he tried to feel her amazingly shaped ass before. His eyes shot open with lust staring at the massive burst on her chest. Instantly feeling his desire alight in taboo flames.

"Don’t worry daddy is going to play with you today without you having to remember any of it." Muttering these words into her ears, he brought her into a hug to feel the plumpness of her chest and g tightly grabbed both sides of her ass with keen precision.

Snuggling his face into her hair, he inhaled the scent of it in a perverted manner, exhaling with satisfaction.

"I’m going to fuck..."

"Hey." Suddenly a calm distinct voice interrupted his words.

Turning, he saw a youth.

’Quite the good look.’ he thought, noticing the shawl lapel suit was one of its recent models from a luxury brand.

"You lost kid?" Wrapping one arm around the drunken vixen like she was his woman...

"No."

Unfortunately he couldn’t react to what happened next. Max fist rapidly extended and covered his vision.

Few minutes ago...

"Oh fuck."

Appearing outside the towering building, Max cursed at the tranquil road with no one in sight.

"It’s impossible."

Casting away the possibility that the man was gone, he happened to catch a striking red light at the edge of his vision. Attracted by it, he saw black BMW swelved downward and out of sight.

’There’s an underground parking lot.’ As his brain registered this fact, he dashed after the car that was now nowhere in sight.

"You’re not so stubborn any more are you."

this was the first word he heard his silent arrival

"Don’t worry daddy is going to play with you today without you having to remember any of it."

At the sight of the man squeezing her into a tight hug, lowering his hand to her ass. He couldn’t take it any more and interrupted his next speech.

"I’m going to fuck..."

"Hey.". He called out, silent staring at the man as who acted in pretense of a lover hand wrap his arm around her waist

"You lost kid?"

"No."

Using the accumulated vexation, he clenched his fist and punched out without a second thought. Taking the grown man by surprise.

Shortly after, under the brief silence, a loud thud reverberated through the lot sending subtle vibration into the ground.

On the floor, the man clutched his throat tightly, his bulging eyes wide open before passing out reluctantly.

Checking if he was still breathing, Max muscles relaxed as he breathed a relieved sigh.

’That was too risky, I was so close to commiting murder... because of a woman at that.’

But then as he made to stand up...

"A win for Max the Stallion! Wooo"

Staggering on her heels, she wobbly pointed at him with a nutty inebriated smile. And playfully made to hit him with her purse. only to lose balance had made a disoriented fall on his chest.

Having stepped forward his eyes steeled, feeling her big boobs firmly pressed against his chest while he held both of her arms.

"Mrs Dalia?" He managed to utter, faintly pushing her back with a puzzled glint flashing past his eyes.

’Ehn? What the fuck did he give her, she looks so intoxicated and...’ Before he could finish, his thoughts was interrupted by her hand firmly placed on his groin area.

’Aphrodisiac?’

Quickly shaking off the thoughts, he composedly collected her purse while holding her two hands with one hand. Soon he found what he was looking for, and hurriedly brought out her car keys.

"Ok Mrs Dalia I’m going to take you home, where is your car parked?"

He questioned, but all he got was a whimsical smile, and a nudge made with her breasts as she tried to shake off his grip.

At the thought of his growing erection, he avoided glancing at her and pressed on the key’s unlock button.

Clock! Clock!

The next moment he was surprised to see the car parked on the opposite side of the lot blink as it sounded an alarm. Then he glanced to see it was the familiar black SUV.

Sighing, he pulled her behind while trying to ignore his own awakening lust.

After a few accidental stumbles, her breasts colliding with his body repeatedly, they managed to reach the SUV.

’Well...’ Glancing at his intoxicated neighbor, he threw her purse inside, and scooped her in a bridal style.

"Oops, Max the..."

Upon placing her on the back seat...

’Damn.’

Inhaling her intoxicated breath, the sweet sour taste of grape filled his mouth as he happened to brush her persistent succulent lips with his tongue.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35: -Sucking Mrs Dalia -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Her arms wrapped around his neck, locking him in a heated passionate kiss, as if unable to get enough of him at the time.

Feeling her fingers dip into his hair, as she engulfed his lips into a wild battle of tongues.Max found himself in a disadvantageous position.

She was resting on his arms while she wrestled with him, leaving him unable to match her relentless assault.

But still, he pressed on and battled solely with his tongue. Entangling and detangling both in their heated saliva, they coiled around each other several times. Exchanging oxygen with a hmm sound.

Smooch! Smooch! Smooch!... The sound of their kisses reverberated through the car, and their body movement causing it to shake subtly.

He breathed in her primal scent, as she pushed his head towards her neck. After breaking their kisses.

Something he hadn’t tried before but understood the assignment. He found himself snuggling around her neck as she firmly pressed his head to hers.

Letting his breath caress her skin, at the same time he nimbled softly on her skin, placing several kisses.

"Hmmmmm" Mrs Dalia released a muffled moan, arching slightly as she felt his teeth graze her neck, pressing him tighter. His arms still trapped behind her back she locked around him and slowly pushed his head downward, until she could feel his breath become heavier with more tension. Excitement even.

As he was pushed down, upon reaching her chest which happened to obstruct the feeling of tender tan skin. From the corner of his eyes. He felt the firm grip around his head lessen, and his breath quickened as she pulled down the thin strap of her dress to reveal one side of the contained firm boobs to him before hastingly placing it inside his mouth.

Feeling the tip of her hardened nipple brush past his lips, before hastingly fed to his tongue.

"Hmmm." A thick ecstasied groan escaped his throat. As his tongue rolled around her nipples, sucking a mouthful of her firm massive tenderness, he exhaled deeply in elation.

Being fed tits once more, triggered a long forgotten memory. His childhood, and the warmth of his mother’s arms.

"Hmmm mm.. mm.. mm.. mm" Mrs Dalia’s moan extended, feeling the tongue of her neighbor’s seventeen years old son, softly grazing the tip of her nipples, before using his tongue to twist around it. Her back arched, keeping his head still to her firm milkers despite being in her thirties, she cupped more of her melons, while squeezing it into his mouth.

’Milk?’

Instantly, Max’s eyes shot open upon feeling the sweet liquid in his mouth.

Rolling his tongue once more around the tip of her nipples, he actually sucked in another milk.

A moment later, he erupted in struggle for power and managed to free his right hand from her back.

Filled with an unsatisfaction,he grabbed her folding palm and actually squeezed it tighter. Pushing his face into her breasts.

"Hmmmmm.... Yesssssssss!"

Unable to contain her burning lust, she released her hold of his head and unstrapped the other hand of her dress.

In the dim lustful atmosphere of the SUV, Max found himself able to free his other arm and grabbed the other of her free tits.

Though he would have felt further thrilled seeing her firm breasts unstrapped and released for him to suck in clear sight. He had to do with what he had.

He hungrily switched to the other of her breasts, and began devouring.

As he wrestled with boths tits, he failed to realize that both of their legs were still sticking out of the door. While it was his turn to press down his neighbor to the back seat of her SUV and fondled her breasts while sucking.

"Mmmmh! Mmmmh! Mmmmh..." Mrs Dalia moaned and moaned, arched and squirmed yet he held still and continued sucking, unable to get a satisfactory full of her.

But unfortunately, his time was up.

As he continued on greedily sucking and fondling each of her firm tits, the fold of the back suddenly loosened. And he found himself being pushed with overwhelming force to the side.

Enraptured in the heat, their position swapped.

Then there was the sound of the door being smacked shit in a hurry.

He had been totally absorbed in the act of massaging and sucking the milk out of her tits that he was unable to react until he felt he was being straddled.

But then the car system finally reacted, a condition activated by all four doors closed. A dim yellow light illuminated the darkness in the car. Exposing the slutty looking smile on Mrs Dalia’s face as she traced a finger down his groin, to land firmly on the erect bulge between his legs.

At her touch, his blood began to boil and his heartbeat quickened, not of fear but pure excitement, thrill and elation of what was to come.

At the same time, he caught sight of her dangling firm tits.

.zip! The distinct swipe of his guardian resounded inside the car, and so was the unbuckling of his belt.

A moment later, he felt a hand sneak Inside and grabbed his oozing, hot, erect cock in a slutily manner. Now that he could see her face, his excitement rose further.

The next instant however, his thick 7½ dick appeared rearing to grow as he grasped it tightly in her palm.

"Always knew you were a Stallion." Her slurred words brushed past his ears, quickening the rate at which his blood circulated through his body.

As his eyes glistened with glee, her back bent slightly, and a warm feeling eloped the whole of his shaft.

’Fuck!’

Feeling his her tongue wrap around his dick, sliding it out like a pop stick.

He folded his toes, and closed his eyes shot.

’Fuck, such precession and slickness is going to kill me.’

After he had these thoughts, her next actions...

Here is the discord sever link.

.gg/P6Tt948v

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36: - A Ride From His Mexican Neighbor -***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Slurp!... Mmmmh!" The sound came out distinctively in the anticipating atmosphere, heated with lust.

She gave his stiff erect cock a long deep suck, then inhaled. Rapidly stroking it with one hand, she pressed his chest with her other to keep him still. Then wanked his dick sideways in a slurry manner, popping it.

In the dimly illuminated interior of the SUV, he could see the shimmering lust in her eyes as she revealed a naughty smile.

Seemingly satisfied with the way he held his breath at her assault on his hard dick. She brought down her head and placed a soft kiss on the head of his throbbing shaft.

"Hmmm... " At the sight of her protruding ass, and her breasts sinking downward to create two massive sacks. His excitement stirred even more. Then his fingers suddenly clenched.

Seeing him close his eyes, she bent once more and swallowed the whole of his cock to the extent it slammed her lungs.

Spreading her accumulated saliva round his dick with her tongue, she firmly grabbed the base and began shaking her head in a roundabout manner.

"Hmm. Hmm. Hmm..." It was like a melodious hmm but with a sulking sound to it.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

But then she stopped with an abrupt change in her movement. From gagging his dick sideways, she elevated and descended down to the base of his cock in one swift motion. Her tongue then rolled around his cock with skilled proficiency, her breath huffed around his base excluding a dominance. Dominance that this was her expertise.

She seemed to enjoy the look of pleasure in his eyes, his powerlessness to be precise as she began stroking and sucking the whole of his cock. His precum and her saliva serving as a lubricant for her profuse strokes.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

Feeling exploding pleasures traversing his body, Max developed a sense of powerlessness. Unknowingly his milf neighbor was more skilled than the pornstars he knew. Thinking about how the man would have enjoyed all this, he was glad he had stepped in to help.

As far as he could tell, the current Mrs Dalia had completely fallen under the drug effect and revealed her darkside.

’Perhaps she was previously a porn.’ As his thoughts drifted through cloud 9, it was suddenly interrupted by the cool breeze that engulfed his dick.

The AC had automatically turned on.

True he was completely soaked in his own sweat. But before he could think further, he stifled a groan and glanced at the sight of his neighbor stroking his dick with both hands while a slutty smile played on her lips.

Slurp! Slurp Slurp!... She began giving him fast paced blurred strokes and sucked.

His balls tightened and he felt his balls tighten and spewed out his semen.

As he opened his eyes, he saw his cum had spilled around her eyes and was now dropping down her chin. By now almost all her make had been cleaned, presenting her clear skin which was now covered in his semen.

Earlier this morning, if he was told he’d receive a premium, insane blowjob from his Mexican neighbor, inside her SUV. He would not believe it.

But now, despite having spilled on her face. His cock was still erect, standing straight like an unyielding sword.

"The Stallion..." Mrs Dalia commented with a lustful look, and smiled naughtily before grabbing hold of his cock once more.

Under the dimly lit interior of her car, he watched her raise the lower helm of her body con dress. A body con short dress that clung tightly to her figure, exposing every feature of it.

She had long since loosened the strap, presented with a lustful view of her firm tits. He could now see the black thin lace panty she was wearing. Soon her dress was clinging to her curvaceous waist, no longer hiding her burst or ass.

Max watched as she then took off her dress and tossed it to the front seat.

A moment later, his dick began throbbing in agony at the wonderful view.

Mrs Dalia had taken off her dress while straddling him.

Her clear tan skin, and firm full milkers all above in prime glory.

"Hmmmmmmmmmmm" she let out a long exhaling moan and shifted slightly to straddle his dick.

Watching her arch slightly, pulling her black panty to the side, revealing the wet pink slit in between under the dim interior. Her other hand slipped his shaft between the slit, smoothly engulfing it in a tight slippery warmth. His cock throbbed with more rigidity upon entering her pussy.

"Ahhhhhhh!" For the first time his Mexican milf neighbor moaned out loud in an ecstasied manner. Her hips buckled and pressed down his waist.

"Hmmmmm.... Yesssss" Her moan slurred, placing both hands on his chest, she arched forward in bliss. Her eyes turned into a tight slit of pure white.

Her breasts trembled, quaking before his eyes, he felt his helplessness vanish.

But when he was to thrust them forward and grab handfuls of their firm suppleness.

Mrs Dalia’s eyes shot open and locked his arms.

"Calm down Stallio.... Hmmmmm" she moaned, bringing him back to a state of helplessness as she humped her waist. He felt the slimy walls of her pussy move, the weight above him lessened before a loud Kpa! Sound threw him in a daze.

The SUV trembled slightly, drowning in a cloud of ecstasy.

He couldn’t hear his own groan, but he heard her moan.

"Yesssssssss! " Her voice peaked, arching her back, she lowered her chest further so that he could feel them press against his chest but had no power to fondle them.

He had never felt such bliss before, suddenly his eyes shimmered with wistful glint as he came to realize something...

’Damn, it’s only been two times.’ He had been a virgin through his previous life, and now, he just recently broke that chain. His expertise if anything was just above average at best, he suddenly came to realize. However, Mrs Dalia was something else, she seemed to have been trained in this kind of stuff. Able to leave willingly men powerless and take control.

She had only humped him twice, yet the feeling he experienced was ten fold than before.

"Come here baby..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37: -Best SUV experience -***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Suddenly she saddled him tighter as if unsatisfied with the control she had gained, she wanted to feel his warmth as she rode his cock.

He felt his constrained arms loosen, and directed to her waist.

She then wrapped his head between her arms and brought her breast to his mouth, carefully placing one of her nipples in his mouth. She hugged him, and gave him the one feeling he had always longed for.

Suffocating between her two firm big breasts.

"Hmmmm"

"Hmmmmmmmmmm" his groan and her moan synced, clinging tighter to her waist, he savored the nipples and began sucking like a restless, starved child.

Meanwhile, finding the warmth she wanted, and the tingling tongue dancing over her nipples, biting it rather.

Her breath quickened, lust filled "Yesssssssss!" drew her breath away as she pressed his head tighter to her chest.

Her waist began to move, rolling as made an exit then slammed back down with a fleshy Kpa sound.

Max bliss instantly skyrocketed....

"Mmmmmmmmm, ahhhhhhhhh Yessssss"

Mrs Dalia moan also peaked, turning to three slurred words as the walls of her pussy clenched tighter around the firm hot stallion.

Then her pace started to increase.... Ten sounds later...

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!

Max felt himself bearing the weight of her big ass, pussy slamming down on his cock.

The SUV continuously shook.

His hands wrapped tighter around her waist, as she gave him the most glorious ride he was going to experience.

Though her breasts shook at the same, under the bucking pressure of her arm around his head he was able to maintain a steady stream of her breast milk.

"Yesss... fuck... fuck... fuck ...." The fourth word had been added.

Her eyes closed shut enjoying the rigidity of his dick under her assault.

"Yesssssss!" As she trailed off in another long moan, this time her thrust had lessened and she seemingly performed a slow dance above him, her pussy stretched each time taking him to hidden tighter corners.

Unsatisfied with her ass any longer, he placed both hands on her ass. Squeezing the huge mass of thick flesh with his might, he was barely able to form a shape with it. Though it felt supple and firm at the same time, it wasn’t as elastic as the breasts. Still he wanted to feel them quaking under his touch.

’Right, I’ve never done this.’

Smack!

"Yesssssssssss!" To his dominant act of slapping her thick rear, he felt it tremble, quaking. And an unexpected response.

Mrs Dalia’s back arched more, and pressed more of her breasts into his mouth. Biting on her nipple, her grip tightened as her expression became that of surreal bliss.

Smack!

"Yesssssssss!"

He smacked her the second time with more force and got a loud Yes.

Grinning....

He clung onto her shaped rear to feel it’s thickness before slapping both sides.

Feeling steamy heat of pain derived from her ass. The pleasure she felt skyrocketed.

Her body started to tremble, squirming with powerlessness. The strength in her arms vanished and she collapsed on the chest on the youth she was rocking, even suffocating in her breasts.

’Uhh?’

Stunned as her body started trembling, squirming actively. The sudden stillness and collapse on him.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

Her moan was so loud that his heart rate quickened for a moment at the thought of what if the SUV couldn’t contain it.

"Hmmm" He groan, feeling the walls of her pussy clenched tight around his cock, as a wave of slimy cool liquid drown him. Flooding out of her slit, her collapsed body arched.

One seconds... two... three...

’Oh fuck she cummed on my pants.’ Noticing his trousers had become wet, he realized what went down.

’Definately the biggest orgasms I have witnessed.’

’But you can’t possibly be done can you.’ After his neighbor’s self defeat, her relentless assault coming to an end, his brain activity began to buzz with purpose once more.

’Nothing perverted here Mrs Dalia, I still have to fuck you.’ At the thought of fucking the weakened milf, he pushed her to the side, finally freeing himself from her grasp. He stared her curvaceous arousing figure, with his bite marks allover her breasts. His eyes shone with glee, then he placed himself between her legs. Now their positions were switched, he was the one on top.

He stared at her soaked pant, but then shifted the thin lace to the side and began slowly thrusting with steady Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!

Unsatisfied, he grabbed both of breasts, and kept fucking her.

Soon feeling his balls tighten, he wanted to remove his dick...

’No fucking way!’

Her eyes shot open and coiled her legs around his waist, thrusting back his dick inside her pussy.

As the waves of cum came, it exploded inside her pussy if not her womb.

Satisfied her eyes shut close, and he watched with speechless as his calmed stallion slowly slid out of her pussy while covered in her orgasm also.

But more than act, he realized his neighbor had fallen asleep. Though things didn’t go as planned, he ended up fucking his milf Mexican neighbor inside her SUV.

In all of his days in this world, today was the longest.

’Right he said, she won’t remember what happened.’ Remembering what the man he knocked out said. He glanced at her arousing body, before moving to pick up the dress that had been flung to the front seat.

Since it was a body con dress, it was naturally elastically. After resisting temptation here and there, he was able to wear the dress back on her body.

’Sure, he would think I caught sight of a girl I knew and ran off with.’ Knowing how is father usually thinked, he shook of the thoughts of texting him that he would be going home.

But there was one thing he hadn’t done yet.

He slid out several paper wipe and cleaned the slit between her legs, her orgasm to be precise. The ones that dropped on the seat too.

’That should be all.’ Lowering the side windows, he ignited the engine and drove out of the parking lot.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38: -Commotion-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ding! Dong!

Having repeatedly pressed the doorbell button, Max released a frustrated sigh.

His tired arms stretched, was aching with pain.

Mrs Dalia’s curvaceous figure was being carried by him in a bridal style.

Breathing lightly, her firm burst rose each time as he resisted the thought of feeling them despite having no arms to.

Her eyelids fluttered with a dreamy smile taking her lips.

’What could she possibly be dreaming of?’ Easing his frustration with the sight of her curvaceous body in his arms, he lightly shook his head.

He had already been displeased that the system gave him no reward, and yet his neighbor’s daughter was acting so stupid.

He rang the doorbell more times than he could count, there was no way even if she was deaf wouldn’t have heard it. He knew since they had a similar system installed in their house too.

Probably she had checked seeing only his face and decided to ignore him.

’What an extremely childish bitch.’

Unable to take it any longer, he was about to turn and leave. But just then, the door was pulled open from inside to reveal a haughty looking girl in her teens wearing an oversized baggy shirt, and probably some shorts beneath it.

A fancy looking headset with cat ears hung around her neck and a bigger tab than the one he saw her with earlier in the day was resting on her other hand.

From the speechless look on her face, and her gaping mouth in surprise, he could already tell what she wanted to say...

’What are you doing here, pervert.’

But upon seeing her mother in his arms, these words were instantly annihilated.

"Mom?" Her voice laced with incredulity, trembled as she dropped her tab and hastily stepped forward to grab her from his hands.

Noticing her mother’s scattered hair, and how roughly the dress she wore clung to her body.

’What did you do to my...’ As she tried to free his arms, her accusing voice slurred into an abrupt halt upon meeting his icy judgemental glare.

’Say it.’

His eyes were devoid of emotions as he glared at her.

’She’s just a teenager.’

Seeing her eyes widened in fear, he shook his head slightly and walked into their home.

He didn’t even relish the grandiose sight, instead his eyes instantly settled on the long couch.

Suppressing his irritation, he placed Mrs Dalia’s sleeping body and walked out.

Meanwhile, Talia watched in silence as he coldly walked out without bothering to glance at her.

’You might be a little haughty bitch without a drop of forgiveness in your blood, but your mother isn’t. Perhaps that was why she left your father.’

To satisfy the sense of betrayal he felt from her accusation, he thought back to what happened in the SUV.

...

Getting home, he saw his father’s black sedan parked in the driveway.

’Definitely the longest day I’ve experienced in this world.’

Soon he was fast asleep and the next morning came.

Riding past Mrs Dalia’s house, he saw that her SUV was still parked where he left it. Which he decided against the thought of checking up on her.

’You’re just a high school student Max. It’s not in your place to check up on a grown woman after saving her ass from a man who drugged her... Also, you were rewarded for your patriotic act. Hopefully, we should be praying she doesn’t remember what exactly happened.’ Cautioning himself, he held the steering with one hand and continued brushing his hair down, until he had his looser look.

...

Zzz! Zzz!

Just as he stepped out of the car, his phone buzzed twice, alarming him of his latest notification.

As the lot bustled with various students boarding off their luxurious fancy ride. The sound of roaring engines igniting the atmosphere with life. He discontentedly glanced at his phone before shaking his head with an expected look in his eyes.

(Alert! You’ve been credited $100,000... account XXX)

He didn’t see his father’s sedan when he woke up this morning.

’He’s probably out of the country by now, on a private jet to boot.’

And to fill the void of his missing presence, he doubled their monthly allowance this time around.

’Well, there is a part of the world where people kill their parents for less than half the amount. This is a wonderful bargain, who says money can’t buy parental love.’

’I Love You Dad’

With a subtle smirk appearing on his expressionless face, he closed the door and blended in with the rest of the students.

...

"You bastard! Kelvin!"

A voice laced with dreadful furry and hate resonated through the spacious hallway, causing most of the student hearts to leap.

Soon the crowd parted ways for a bulky short youth who strutted forward wrathfully as he flung his jacket and started loosening his cuff.

By now the hallway was utterly quiet, with a brewing sense of anticipation at what was going to happen.

Not far in the front, the crowd also parted to reveal another awaiting figure with a sly smirk on his face. As he tried to turn back.

" Yes Liam, how may I help..."

POW!

The blow was brutal and distinct, followed by the cracking sound of a dislocated jaw.

Then the guy known as Kelvin, staggered back, almost falling but managed to keep his feet steady at the end. He held his chin, and stared at the bulky figure that had gotten closer to him.

Left with barely any time to react, he tried to dodge by swooping his head downward but met with an upper jam that cracked his nose with another POW!

"Bastard!" The bulky youth shouted, his voice laced with both rage and hate as he grabbed the other youth by collar and raised him up.

"You dare drug my sister and sleep with her?!"

He was about to send the youth crashing to the wall of the hallway, but it seemed the latter wasn’t a push over. He grabbed the bulky youth’s arm and slipped it from his collar in an instant. Hurriedly creating distance, as he touched his nose to see his fingers covered in blood.

"Drug?" The other youth, lean compared to his assaulter, seemed to have realized something and his eyes widened.

’I’ve been exposed.’ He thought as his eyes settled upon a few smiling figures among the students.

It was then the gathered crowd started clamoring, feeding Max the information he needed.

"It sure feels good to see smug bastards from Class 2 having a confrontation." A voice laced with Schadenfreude said.

"Come on, did that bulky bastard really have a sister?"

"Hehehe, surely unexpected really right?"

"She is a first senior year student, one of their Class 1 figures. I heard she’s very endowed to boot."

"That’s vile, I heard she’s just 15. To think the 17 dude would try such a thing."

Obviously, the sentimental comments came from a feminine voice.

Max watched with an interested look, as both sides faced each other in a fragile stalemate.

"Fuck you!" The bulky youth rushed forward, wanting to connect another blow... but the lean youth, Kelvin turned and ran away instead.

The crowd was speechless but syncing parted ways as the bulky youth chased after him. Their steps resonated through the Hallway until they were out of sight.

"Wait, what are we doing, chase after them!"

"Fuck!"

"We can’t possibly miss such a show."

Instantly most of the gathered students began running after them. Turning the hallway sparse and empty a few moments later.

’True, the bulky ones usually don’t have brains. He could have just settled it outside school.’ He shook his head and adjusted his bag. By the time he reached Class 5, he saw the returning hoard of students.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39: --Asking Miss Linda Out-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’There she goes again.’

Not exactly the fifth, and wasn’t the tenth either. He already lost count of how many times he caught her secretly staring at him.

She seemed so hooked up about having seen his bulge that she couldn’t take her eyes off him.

"Biodiversity..."

Ding! Ding! Ding!

Unfortunately, or rather fortunately the class finally came to an end.

It was break time.

While the rest of the class scurried to pack their things. He silently watched Miss Linda leave in her usual body-hiding dress, with intent to take them off gleaming past the lenses of his glass.

He could tell that Miss Linda’s curiosity level had increased by a huge margin compared to the last time he saw her due to the fact that his Mr Mystery ability was in a passively active state.

’She must have wondered through out the night and grown restless with curiosity, while thinking if she was the cause of what she saw.’

At the imagination in his head, Max shook his head with a profound expression lingering on his face before he composedly stood up.

Now that there were few people in sight he wanted to commence his plan.

’Oh Romeo, bless me with your aura.’

Adjusting the bridge of his glass, he heaved a low sigh.

Knock knock

He let the sound linger for a second before pushing the door.

..

Meanwhile, in the silent confinement of her soundproof office. Trying so hard to read but unable to find solace in the one thing she thought could always drown all her worries in. Her heart fluttered instead of the one page of the romance novel in her hand, she read repeatedly but couldn’t comprehend a single state from it.

’I really saw him today... yet he looks so unconcerned and otherworldly meeting my eyes. Like what happened wasn’t a big deal.

Ahhhhhhh! No, I shouldn’t think of him or this, both of them are definitely taboos.

He’s your student Linda, you can’t fall in love with him because you’ve seen his huge dick!

No! No! Nooooo! Don’t bring that up. Besides, despite his young age he acts so mature... like a man.

He really beat a student up for meeeeeee.

Unbelievable! I checked into the clinic office and indeed the boy was admitted there that day.

Cool, composed, mature, a prince in shining armor. Although his looks... I think he’s hiding more than that.

Oh, did you forget the way he stared at your breasts. So bold without restraint.

Should I ask him out? No! Definitely not. What if rejected him, spreads it to the whole school... No, he’s a loner who...’

Knock! knock!

As her thoughts drifted far and wild, in the fantasical illusion of her mind.

Two distinct trembles from the door interrupted her thoughts, bringing her to a daze as her heart froze seeing who it was.

Click!

Calmly closing the door behind him, he stood composedly, taking a proper sight of the lean stricken lady.

"Miss Linda...?" He called out, raising his brows in a subtle manner.

"Oh, hi Max." Stuttering the first words, she revealed a genuine smile and swiped a strand of her hair to the side.

"Humm..." he hesitated for a while but continued after revealing a determined smile.

"I wanted to apologize for what happened yesterday... It wasn’t intentional." He said.

"O.. oh, it’s alright." Remembering the sight of the huge bulge in his trousers, her cheeks flushed pink with shyness.

"Good, thanks Miss Linda." Feigning a relieved expression, he closed his eyes, breaking the composed look on his face. And opened them again. This time they were filled with burning resolve and desire.

Taking a deep breath to calm himself, he then spoke with an ardent voice.

"Will you be my date Miss Linda?"

Instantly, the office became utterly silent,with no audible sign of life.

Their hearts both skipped, hanging in trepidation.

She stared deep into his pupils, her expression speechless and frozen, unable to react. But then, her heart resumed with one loud thumb echoing through her mind, revitalizing it.

"Yes." She barely managed to utter feeling the rest of her strength being exiled with the word.

’Perhaps, the system wants me to find love?’ Thinking about the strange requirement the system imposed on him after he interacted with Miss Linda for the first time.’

’Wait, falling in love with your class teacher is considered a Taboo too.’

"Yes."

As expected she agreed.

Releasing a relieved breath at her response, he closed his eyes and opened them again.

Not to look like a complete idiot or break his composed image, he smiled silently and brought out his phone.

Placing it before her he said...

"Let’s go out tonight... I need your address to come and pick you."

Then she blushed profusely, shly grabbing his phone and typed in her address.

While she did so, he made sure his gaze was intense so she could feel it hovering over the hidden gorgeous figure beneath her dress.

"Here." She said, shyly handing him the phone.

’Ok, Romeo here we go.’

"Ah." She let out a surprised stutter, feeling him raise her chin. Staring into her eyes, he let her summon the courage to look back into his.

They were actually dull emerald colors.

"You’re pretty... with a nice bosom." He then revealed a calm purposeful smile before letting go of her chin.

Click!

Staring absent minded into the empty space he once stood.

’You’re pretty with a nice bosom.’ the statement echoed repeatedly. To think he actually treated her like she was his little princess, and said those words to her. The first non-sarcastic comment she received. Her heart rate quickened with glee.

’A date?’ she squealed on the office chair and placed the book over her face, savoring the lingering scent of his presence.

’Yes.’

...

’She should be somewhere around here.’

Scanning through the bustling cafeteria, his eyes settled on a particular girl at the far distant corner. Where the losers or those that didn’t want to be noticed usually sat.

’Sighted.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40: -Sowing Seeds-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Look, it’s him."

’It seems to have gotten quite popular.’

At the call of the first voice those who were still in the cafeteria glanced at him.

The noisy cafeteria then boiled down to a silent spectation of the person who had the whole second senior year students talking since the past week for rejecting one of their top five beauties.

"As expected she only goes after losers and ugly bastards."

"You think that’s funny? He rejected her." Hahaha

"Perhaps, he is the King Of Losers, his audacity earns him such."

"Fuck that, I think he’s gay."

"True."

"Even a mad man wouldn’t miss such an opportunity."

"I think he’s here to accept her proposal."

"Didn’t you see Cinthya leave just now with the rest from Class 1, those arrogant scums."

"I think King Of Losers is more fitting. Let’s go with that."

Though many had seen him before, they were more piqued by his presence and watched with interest as he went to sit down on an already occupied table.

Sensing a dark silhouette, the gloomy looking girl frowned. Calmly breaking gaze from the book she was reading, with frustrated sigh at the thought it was another idiot guy trying his luck on her... But no, she was stunned to see Max’s clear eyes and obvious lack of interest as he sat not quite opposite her but a seat to her right side.

Scanning his jacket for any insignia, she quickly concluded that he wasn’t from the top 3 classes and thrashed the thought of him.

Meanwhile...

’The best way to get a girl hooked on a first impression is by featuring a plot twist she hasn’t seen before or would expect.’

’Wu Lian, Class 2 A Ranked Elite Student... My latest prey.’ Max thought to himself, visualizing an evil smile.

A young Asian teen, with a slender figure, apparently blessed in the front aspect. Her straight jet black hair resting above her shoulders was a striking contrast to her snow White complexion. Her deep dark focused brows, her painted lips accentuated with a black gloss moved slightly, and curled into a subtle smile as she flipped open another page.

’Come to think of it, seeing her in the flesh gives off a different aura. She looks like Mavis Dracula from Hotel Transylvania. Gloomy, spikey.’

To the side, her lunch tray remained untouched.

So absorbed in what she was reading, she didn’t notice him till he was standing right next to her.

Under the several piqued and disdainful gaze. He calmly sat down without sharing her a single glance.

Her confusion and puzzlement was obvious but a moment later, she calmly shook her head and resumed to flip to the next page.

’She really is a weirdo and hard to impress girl.’

"What is he doing? Sitting next to that Asian weirdo."

"It seems his recent fame has gotten into his head."

"You wish, can she compare to Cinthya?"

"What a weird taste for girls."

As the cafeteria buzzed with several displeased echoes and snares at Max’s action.

’Ugh? What is he doing?’

As predicted by Max, he soon sensed a nearby gaze staring intently at him with curiosity.

From a side-eye corner view, folding the page in half, she was driven by the discussion in the cafeteria to take a curious peek at the said boy who rejected Cinthya.

’Four eyes, lean arms. His hair cut is nothing to write home about. What’s so special about him? Or could it be...?’

As her mind wandered, trying to visualize a mighty veiny image. She felt his cold expressionless gaze turn towards her.

But no, Max was calmly reading the other side of the page she raised to look at him, seemingly uninterested in her.

’uh?’ Her mind blanked, upon realizing she had blown her cover. Tracing his piqued gaze, she found that a turn page had slipped from the book, resting on the one she folded... and he seemed to be reading it.

(Oh..."

"Ahhh..."

"Yesss..."

Her soft erotic moans, resonated through the spacious room as she gripped tighter onto the sheets...)

These were the words he was able to read. The rest of it was blocked by her porcelain fingers.

Still, he formed an imagery smirk knowing she knew what it was that he was reading.

’A crazy girl that derives pleasure in the obliviousness of others while she does dirty things huh?’

’Well, since she has been successful all these while. The thought of being exposed to one certain boy should derive new hormones. And my ability, by being curious about me. She would derive crazier thoughts. By then, when I intrude with my crazier ideas, it should only take her a moment to jump on it.’

Yesterday, after clearing his exit from the school’s CCTV footage. He took his time to search for suitable targets that would fulfill his Fantasy.

Starting off to see he already had an automatically created ID in the school’s forum server. Skipping the shity discussion they were having, he checked on the IDs of those like him. Wretched losers or ghost members. The latter was majority made up of the arrogant Class 1 students.

It took him about thirty minutes, before he found a particular ID.

That of an Asian girl with the rock n roll vibe.

And just like his guts told him...

Upon cloning her IP address and tried to login into several scandalous sites.

Erotic manhwa, hentai, porn, slutty hoe stories, even LGBT sites. There was already an account with the same IP created on these sites, making his access invalid.

’She is her.’ He thought upon cross-checking her other infos.

As she read over the torn page. Then glancing at Max’s expressionless face.

At the thought of him knowing one of her greatest secrets. Not only did her curiosity increase, a new found feeling bloomed in her eyes.

’The seed has been sown’

Composedly walking out of the cafeteria, he could sense the keen gaze focused on him vanish.

...

"I have a date to pick."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41: -A Date-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I have a date to pick."

Adjusting the side mirror of the striking black, brand new KTM RC 125 powered bike he got earlier in the day.

He wore a helmet, and pulled back its standing support.

Enjoying the feel of it. He took in a deep excited breath before turning on the engine.

’It has been so long...’

VROOOM!

A powerful, throaty, crisp roar reverberated through the usually tranquil estate.

Driving a sense of exhilaration and life through him. A feeling sex never gave.

With little interest to disturb the whole neighborhood, he revved up the engine and drove off.

Meanwhile...

’Coffee shop? Restaurant? Park? Art gallery or a night visit to the Beach?’

A few hours ago she had all these wild thoughts running through her head until she received the package he sent.

It was a total plot twist from what she imagined. But she felt more excited and glad, filled with restless anticipation for the coming night.

And when it actually came. She excitedly dressed up. Becoming surprised after that by the fact everything appeared not only fitting but comfortable to wear.

As if he knew every curve and burst on her body.

Fashioned black leather jacket, a hugging choker top beneath. Her jeans were similarly black, accentuating her figure and shape in a subtly sexy manner. Covering her feets was a pair of fancy black boots.

It had barely been a few seconds since she came out from the high rise apartment building behind her. Yet could already feel several gaze roaming her body, much to her displeasement.

Just then...

Vrooom!

’So cool...’

She felt her heart thumb faster and faster at Max’s approaching figure wheezing through the asphalt road. As the spectacle he drove gave a loud crisp roar before coming to a halt before her.

Meanwhile...

At the sight of Miss Linda dressed in a sexy biker rider attire, his eyes gleamed with desire upon seeing that she was more curvaceous and proportioned than he actually thought.

Raising the visor of his helmet, he revealed a composed and well placed smile. Making sure to let his gaze linger in her eyes before handing the spare helmet he brought.

As she climbed, he held the clutch still. Taking note of shy temperament he placed her hands around his waist.

Feeling her breasts pressed against his back...

Vrooom! He revved the bike and drove out of sight.

...

30 minutes later...

Away from the towering skyscrapers, the sound of distant sirens, and honking cars that presented the city’s bustling nightlife style.

They were out in the open, under the clear night sky filled with stars and a full moon to boot. Speeding through the wide asphalt road without a care of the world.

The disappearing view with a whoosh, provided tranquility and solace to both of their minds and soul.

Miss Linda’s arms had long ceased its rigidity and was now tightly holding him on her own.

Her chest fully relaxing on his back, her head joined the fray. Taking in the flashy scene around them with profound heartfelt emotions.

’Destination arrived.’

The city they had left behind, came into view once more.

As the bike settled for a halt across the mountain top.

Miss Linda quietly got down then stood frozen at the sight she saw.

’Hehehe. At least take that off.’

Placing his helmet on the bike, he calmly walked up to her and pulled up her helmet.

Revealing her pretty face, already flushed with a pink glow, especially her cheeks.

Her short brown hair fluttered under the wind, creating a romantic tension between them as they both stared into each other’s eyes.

One second... two... three... Unable to hold it any longer, she broke contact and shyly tried to avoid looking at his handsome face.

’Omg,He looks so... handsome. His glasses... turns out they were indeed hiding something. I can’t bear to look.’

Feeling her heart rate quicken once more she shyly bent her head.

Unexpectedly,Max held her hand, sliding his fingers between hers. He held her softly. Causing lovely warmth to bloom in her.

"Here..." He muttered the first word since she was going to hear on her first date.

He paused, gently pulling her arm, they both walked up the cliff, where a big smooth rock laid unmovable for countless years.

"... Is something more beautiful than science." He completed the rest of the statement as he presented the night city view from high and far vintage point.

A mesmerizing tapestry of lights and shadows, blending beautifully to create a radical sight of the grandiose city heart, filled with towering skyscrapers.

Even more captivating was the star-studded sky, stretched beyond the seemingly endless reach, served as a background to enrich the vibrant city beneath.

"Wow..." she had unknowingly muttered these words lost in the wondrous sight.

And that was how they stood for the next ten minutes, observing the city in silence. By now the grip of her fingers around his had tightened to the extent that he could tell her legs was beginning to ache.

Nodding...

"Arrrrggh." She squealed, from the fright of feeling her body turn light. Lifted into his arms as he walked forward to the big smooth rock and placed her on it. Sitting close to her after that, he wrapped his arms around her slender waist.

Though her body froze in shock, it softened a moment later. And she even placed her head on his shoulder after winning the battle of countless thoughts in her mind.

After a brief silence, Max spoke...

"Thank you Miss Linda." He said with an appreciative tone, silently taking in the city view.

"Hmm." After a few moments of silence, she nulged his shoulders and responded, her face flushing deep with pink tints.

"It’s my first date... also... don’t call me... Miss Linda... Linda instead... when we are alone." She hurriedly added in a tone that was almost like a squeak.

It was obvious that they both committed a Taboo by being the way they were now. And if exposed to the school it would be a doom for her.

"Hmm..."

He wanted to give a soft curt nod, only to pause. Pretending to be surprised by her words instead.

He turned, slightly adjusting their position to face her.

’Don’t look, don’t look.’

Ignoring the caution her mind gave her, she abandoned looking at the city. And their lips happened to brush. The whole world seemed to pause at this moment, and her eyes gently folded... Awaiting him to launch a furious assault against her lips which he did.

’I obviously can resist those.’

Inhaling the scent of her sweet lotion, Max pressed on and took in her lower lip.

Mwah!

A smooth distinct smooch sound was made as he tasted her lip gloss. He felt her breath quicken and at the same time she urged her waist to push more of her lips into his.

Embracing the heat, Max let go off her waist,and gently held her neck. Pressing his lips into hers, more smooch sounds were created.

It began at a slow pace, a fundamental exchange of oxygen was carried out.

But as the clock continued ticking by, it advanced to become an erratic one.

Smooch!

Hmmm! He sucked on her succulent lips, and they both inhaled a rapid breath.

Miss Linda’s arms crossed his shoulders. Moving up to grab his hair. Her back arched as their tongue interlocked exchanging heated saliva.

His hands had long wandered, grabbing her waist with soft grips. He contained her assault and continued dancing with her tongue.

Unfortunately, he was no longer having it and wanted to explore further.

Atop the rock, he pressed her to lie on it. And brought his nose down to roam her neck.Je licked, sucked, and softly bit her neck in several places. Leaving little hickeys in his wake.

"Hmmmmm" she moaned, feeling his tongue and teeth doing wonders.

Her back arched, she squirmed and heaved...

"Hmmmmm." Unable to contain the bliss she was having she moaned Hmmmmm.

Drowned in assaulting bliss, she soon felt his hand slip under her top.

"Hmmmmm!" A louder eased moan escaped her lips at his touch.

Feeling the tender smoothness of her skin, he rubbed her flat tummy a bit.

Sensing no sign of resistance, he let hand wander upward, folding one of her soft firm tities.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!" An erotic loud moan escaped her lips at the feeling of his hand fondling them.

’As expected, my palm doesn’t fit around them. She’s medium sized.’ Max thought inwardly, while calmly brush his fingers across her firm nipple.

’Not... thereeee!’ Her voice cracked,her head almost came crashing on the rock. But he placed his palm there and endured the pain.

Her waist arched higher, squirming. She inhaled deeply.

’Ehn? She has ultra sensitive nipples?’ He thought understanding what was going. He had felt her nipples her firm and even big when the bumped into each other that day.

But now, holding it. He couldn’t help but think if she had felt this same pleasure back then too.

"Hmm...!"

"... Oh..."

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

Her breath was rapid and her words slurred.

He continued fondling her firm medium boobs, often switching from time to time. She squirmed and moaned, her fingers digging into his back.

By now the air around them was heavy with lust and the scent of her wet pussy.

Inside his pants, his bulge had become a tormenting pain.

’Although it’s incredibly painful,it is still within bearable range.’

Giving her attire a quick scan, he was grateful she had worn them. If not, he would have already lost a huge amount of points alongside multiple rewards.

The real fuck had to be carried out inside the school and it was going to be tomorrow.

Having massaged, fondled, her breasts. He decided to act like he regain his senses.

Suddenly, Miss Linda who was drowning in ecstasy and bliss felt lost. Upon realizing that the pair of arms that slipped beneath her top at some night were no more.

Her face flushed in embarrassment upon seeing Max’s sincere, apologetic look.

"I’m sorry... I went too far." He pleaded.

Up hearing him speak however, she was too embarrassed and shy to say anything.

Despite wanting to say "It was my fault, not yours." Whatever words that could ease her guilt, she wasn’t able to open her mouth. Currently rougthere was a thick scent in the air she could tell was hers.

’Those it’s a bit awkward, she’s think better of me this way and she doesn’t get to feel cheap about fucking on her first date.’

And then their journey back to the city started. He drove at 68mph due to the fact it was late in the night and there was most almost mo car driving through.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42: -Inside Her Office-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Yh, I also heard it."

"Liam got a week off. With the Panel saying It wasn’t wrong he reacted that way. Even I could have killed the bastard, if he did that to my sister."

"You have a sister?"

But the first voice seemingly brushed it off as if trying to hide that fact.

"Kelvin got expelled. Not only that, he was also blacklisted and wouldn’t be able to get admitted into any prestigious or highly ranked schools."

"Hehehe, I heard his father gave up one of their subsidiaries worth millions to stop Liam’s father from pressing charges in court. Shielding the bastard from getting a dirty record."

"Too bad for the first year students. I heard the girl is getting transferred to an all girls on another continent."

"Which?" Another voice asked, piqued.

"Idiot, did you think they’ll share that?"

"Did you also hear this..."

Unfortunately, he could no longer bother listening to their gossiping chatters.

For every step he took, he felt the stiffness between his legs become more restless.

Fortunately, today was Wednesday.

They were all wearing gray, black baggy tracksuits. A white top underneath, with white sneakers.

Thanks to this dull camouflage, his erection was almost invincible to notice.

With his glasses off. He was barely recognizable since no one actually knew him that much.

’I better hurry.’ He thought inwardly , maintaining his usual expressionless facade.

Both lesson periods they were supposed to have before break, a total of 1 hour 20 minutes would be used for PHE, Physical Fitness, and Sports. It was practically a joint session for the whole Elite Metropolitan to bond. Forming teams as they competed against each other.

Except that... Max was going to miss the first thirty minutes of it at least, because he had a Quest to fulfill.

He was sure he wasn’t the only one who was left in a heat by how abrupt their romantic date came to an end last night.

...

’Nooooooo! Keep your thoughts straight Linda. He said it was a mistake, he went too far and apologized for it.’

’Well he shouldn’t have, my body feels so frustrated right now because of him. I don’t know what to do.’

’Is this love or is this lust.’

’How could I possibly know, I have never felt this way.’

’But why would he stop? Am I not...’

She then glanced at her covered figure in a corporate dress. Even her shape had been hidden.

’... Does he think I’m not good enough?’ Instantly her mood became crestfallen, with a tinge of sadness in her eyes.

Knock knock

The muffled knock broke the thin silence in the room, causing her to shudder, and quickly stand up.

...

Taking a deep breath, Max pushed open the door and stepped in.

...

He was wearing sportswear. Standing before her. She noticed he wasn’t wearing any glasses. Revealing his clear eyes that seemed to have endured eons of torment.

Click!

She saw his arm stretch behind him to lock the door.

At the same time the atmosphere was filled with an indescribable feeling she couldn’t explain. His eyes stared into hers, but this time she boldly met it. Her shyness disappeared. Replaced with fierce boldness to reveal her desires. Her wants perhaps.

To feel his touch, his hands on her breasts. His breath crawls down her spine, and his teeths leave his mark on her skin.

Although she felt a subtle blush tint her cheeks at these thoughts... She wanted him to satisfy the deep craving between her legs that started since the previous night. He was the cause for it, so it should be his to handle.

At this moment, Max could see the fruit of his careful machinations and the effect of his Special Ability unravel within her eyes.

Her desires to be tamed and controlled, fucked hard was as clear to him.

The only thing missing right was a touching romantic music in the background.

"Hmmmmm.’

He took two steps forward, wrapping one arm around her waist, he grabbed her firm supple ass at the same time. Squeezing her tight. She arched her waist and breathed heavily.

"Hmmmm!" He was yet to even go in for a kiss, and she released a second moan.

He snuggled his face around her neck, breathing heavily as he massaged her rear. He felt her fingers dig into his back..

"Hmmmm!" Her breath quickened at the feel of him kissing her neck as he fondled her ass.

Satisfied with her wanton reaction of not trying to suppress the pleasure she felt.

He released his hold around her waist, and locked her lips with a hot deep kiss.

"Hmmmm!" She breathed, as his tongue parted her lips. Diving into her mouth to cause rampage.

Mwah! Smooch! Though their kiss broke from time to time, they both seemed not to have enough of each other and locked it back.

Her eyes were closed, while his were open.

Bringing his hand up to her chest, he hastily started unbuttoning her jacket.

A moment later it was randomly thrown away.

Pulling her dress shirt after that in the same hasty manner. The white bra she wore could be seen firmly holding her breasts captive.

They continued kissing... Though vhe wildly rubbed her waist, grabbed her ass. He held back from pouncing on her boobs.

Finding the small zip to the side of her skirt. He finally found it. Tugging it down afterwards.

Now she was left only wearing undies inside her office.

Smack!

"Hmmmm!" He smacked, grabbed the both sides of her rear as he cupped them in his palm. Her erotic moan was the last thing he needed to lose the fragile control he had over his mind.

There was no bed, but they would make do with her table instead.

"Ahhhhh!" An erotic yelp resonated through the office as she felt him grip both sides of her rear and lifted her up in a sudden manner.

Her hands were placed over his shoulders, wanting to maintain the erratic exchange between their tongues. But soon she felt how powerless she truly was; he freely escaped her grasp.

Then there was the sound of things being pushed away.

He cleared the whole table with a single swipe of his arm. And placed her on it.

There was brief silence...

Laying submissively on her own table, inside her office. She silently watched her own student, now towering above her take off his tracksuit.

It was nothing special at first. Noticing him take off his pants in silence. Then the baggy tracksuit.

But then, as he took off the white t-shirt he wore underneath it.

Her heart made a huge leap. Her pupils widened. Speechless and enchanted by the sight of what she saw.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43: -Inside Her Office-**²
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Eight rock abs, formed vividly. Intricate even, and perfectly proportioned, nestled on his abdomen.

His chest was sturdy, seemingly carved. A stunning art piece.

She wanted to feel them, trace her fingers between them.

Her heart wobbled, and her lust only heated further.

As soon as he was done though, she only had two pieces of clothes left. Shielding her from his lustful gaze.

He purposely left her heels on.

"Hmmmm!" She moaned.

Staring at her slender, curvaceous body. Her delicate clear skin for him to view till satisfaction.

He could feel her nervousness. Though she tried to hide it. He could tell by how tense and anticipatingly she looked at him.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!" Her tone peaked, an erotic moan escaped her lips as she lunged upward feeling his sudden assault. Her waist arched up, her head bent backward. Her eyes tightly closed, lost in bliss. She tried to hold his head still, even push him away at some point due to the overflowing pleasure.

Max shifted her panties to the side, having gone on his knees. He inhaled a deep breath before parting the wet pink slit between her legs.

The tip of his tongue tasting a woman’s wetness for the first time.

’Not bad.’ He complimented inwardly. Savoring more of it a moment later.

"Hmmmmm... Yessssss"

"Ahhhhh!" A beautiful melodious moan resonated through her office.

Her hands now tightly grabbed his hair without restraint, wanting to push him deep.

As his tongue danced, her legs buckled. Unable to take it any longer. A wave of sweet nectar came rushing out from her pussy.

Though it tasted nice, he couldn’t bare the thought of swallowing them like those pornstars usually did.

He felt her muscles because taut then relaxed.

"Ahhhhhhhhh... Mmmmmmmh" Her breath calmed.

Or it was starting to.

Slap... slap!... Slap!...

"Mmmmmmmmm!"

He grabbed both of her legs, spreading them wider across the table. He slapped her clits with his thick erect meat. Lubricating the plump tip with her nectar.

"Hmmm!" A soft moan escaped her lips, feeling something thick and warm slap against her entrance.

"Yesssssssss!" Squirming, her body reheated.

Slap! Slap! Slap!...

For the next fifteen seconds, he kept dipping his cock in her nectar. And soon he was covered in it.

"Mmmmmmmmm!" Suddenly her breath peaked, feeling the warm long thick dick slip between her clit like a hotdog sausage.

Practically numbing her senses.

"Ahhhhh!" Her waist arched in delight.

The torturing pleasure right after being licked wasn’t something she could bear any longer. She wanted him. And Max could tell, but he wasn’t expecting what she said next.

"Please put it in..." Her voice was bleak, laced with lustful desires. He glanced up her face, to see she was shyly covering it.

’Well...’

"Ahhhhh!"

In one swift motion, he raised both of legs, pulling her close. And slowly pushed his rigid straight cock past her clit.

"Ohhhhh..."

Feeling the pulsating plum tip of his cock, pushed past her entrance. Her eyes shuddered, embracing the bliss as he managed to slip inside her pussy.

"Argh" Max groaned as his cock parted the pink slit, engulfing his tip in moist warmth. The squishy walls of her cave tried to capture him, but thanks to him covered in her nectar. He managed to slip deeper, into the moist warmth, and a tight feeling of being embraced.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmhh!" She inhaled deeply.

He stood still for a few seconds, letting her get used to throes of bliss at the new feel of his tip inside her.

"Mmmmh!" She inhaled again, noticeably shorter.

He tried pushing forward but he could feel her hymen blocking his thrust.

It was no surprise she was still a virgin. Yet he pretended to be hesitant. Glancing at her eyes for, she nodded silently, shy.

"Mmmmmm!" She let out a sharp breath, not of bliss but muffled pain.

’I finally did it?’ The thought echoed through her head. Feeling a sharp pain, then bliss began to assault her once more.

Feeling the familiar sensation on his dick, he knew he had done it again.

As the obstruction ceased, easing more tunnels to explore.

Her waist arched, squirming in pleasure. She felt his monstrosity entrenched deeper, fighting against the squeeze of her squishy wall.

4... 5... 6... 7...

"Hmmmmmmm!" Her breath peaked.

"Argh!" A carnal groan of immense pleasure cracked his throat.

"Ahhhhhhhhh!"

At her moan, he tightened his grip around her legs. Savoring the sweet sense of erotic pleasure from how tight her pussy was.

The pleasure was much more than he felt with Sophia. Perhaps, this was the difference between a mature pussy with purity and a young one.

About five seconds later, the pleasure reduced. Apparently, her tight cave was starting to get used to his size.

"Ahhh!" As he tried to push back out, Miss Linda moaned.

Pulling out about five inches, he slowly thrust back in.

"Mmmmmm" she exhaled erotically, in pleasure and bliss.

He continued with his slowly cautious thrust till his count reached twenty. Her cave had become more moist.

But the background wasn’t just right. He needed to adjust it.

"Ahhhh!" She gasped feeling her body turn light, as he raised her up. This time firmly grabbing both of her rear with his cock halfway into her. She could feel it throb and she became lost in temporal bliss.

’How does sex on the bare floor sound?’ He thought, too preoccupied to think further. He needed her on the ground so he would be able to fuck her at the same time while sucking her tits.

"Hmmmmm"

"Do you like it?" Though it felt awkward communicating while having sex. He found himself saying these words, not expecting her reply.

"Hmmmmm... No, I love it." As her fingers dug deeper into his skin.

"Should I fuck you hard?" He asked, a sly smirk tracing his lips.

"Please do... Hmmmmmmm!" Unfortunately, she was unable to complete the sentence.

As she felt her back, a skin contact with the bare floor. A cold chill traversed her spine. Causing her to release an erotic moan.

"Ahhh..." Her moaning halted, as her eyes widened.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44: -Inside Her Office-**³
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Placing her on the floor, he raised her legs up to his sides.

With his hand now freed, he slipped underneath her bra and grabbed the firm suppleness captured in it.

His fingers swiftly brushed her nipples, firmly pressing them. He massaged her tips, rolling them between his fingers.

At the same time, he buried every inch inside her.

"... Ahahhahhhhhhhhhh!"

Meanwhile...

It was as if time stopped.

As his hands grabbed her breasts, rubbing her nipples between his fingers. At the same time, a thrust that shook her core penetrated deep inside her... The world no longer existed around her, her mind clear and empty, devoid of thoughts for the first time. It was as if two opposite tethers had connected, causing a glorious spark. The bliss, pleasure, delight, mention it...

When she recovered, the breath she had held was finally released in the form of a very loud erotic moan.

Then her body relaxed, albeit slightly.

A flood of ecstasy drowned her.

As the perpetrator. He felt her hips buckle around his waist. And her hand grab his palm. Wanting to massage her breasts even more. A warm soaking liquid encased his cock from the depth of her pussy. He felt the squeezing wall ease a bit.

’Fuck, what’s this...’

As he was trying to reason for the sudden spike in pleasure he felt.

"Argh" A thick ecstasied groan escaped his own throat.

As he fondled her two breasts, exiting and thrusting back with a force that caused their skin contact to erupt with a Kpa! sound.

"Ahhhhh!" Her moan was peak, filled with bliss and ecstasy.

Her grip on his palm as he massaged, fondled her breasts became tighter.

"Hmmmmmm!" She exhaled as the thrusted again into her. Spreading the walls of pussy that was already drenched in sweet nectar.

Unable to his desires. He rose, spreading her legs wider to nestle them. A missionary style.

He adjusted and was able to latch on to her nipples. Causing her body arch, meeting his next thrust.

"Ahhhhhh...Mmmmmmmh." His mouth latched onto one of her beasty, coiling his tongue around her erect nipple. He began hurriedly sucking it.

But his thrust never stopped.

He massaged both of tits, as if trying to milk them like he did with his neighbor’s, but unfortunately nothing came.

In sacrifice for being able to suck her breasts, he thrust had eased and wasn’t producing claps any more.

But still, for the next five minutes. Under his steady thrust, his Science and Biology Teacher’s sultry moans rang through her office.

Now seemingly satisfied with getting to suck on her breasts. He finally detached.

She was lying submissively beneath him,lost in bliss.

He stood up, his erect cock wantonly wanging in the air, and carried her up.

He sat her on the table. While he wrapped her arms across his shoulder.

He adjusted her legs, and positioned his erection once more between them.

Standing while she sat on the table, her arms over his shoulder.

He held her, pressing her neck with a soft kiss as she squirmed. And resumed thrusting. Not exactly did the sound of it reverberate out loud, but her moans did. Now tightly pressing his back, her neck raised, her eyes continuously fluttered. She felt and received his steady precise thrust that sent delightful chills down her spine.

"Ah... ah... ahh!" Her moans were no longer suspended.

But with each thrust, he dived into her cave. The moisture of her squishy walls, continuously grinded him. Eliciting pleasured groans.

This continued for the next five minutes.

Unexpectedly,he was yet to cum. Though he could feel his balls clench from time to time, his stamina showed little signs of running out.

"Ahhhhhhhh!" Suddenly, she released another loud erotic moan. Her warm nectar encased his erection once more. Making his thrust against her moist walls easier and slippery.

Her arms coiled around his back, weakly let go of him.

He stopped for a moment. Letting her regain her breath and disengaged from her pussy.

Though she felt lost by his actions at first, she realized he wanted to change style and stood up on her own will without his assistant.

It was awkward for a moment, she caught sight of his monstrosity gleaming in her liquid, erect as it dangled.

’How was I able to fit that?’ She thought, as her eyes lit with curiosity.

Her breasts were firm, full and appetizing. A proud burst.

He observed her slender, flat tummy for a moment. Then traced her curvaceous slim waist down to her full hips.

Currently, she was only on her panties which he would soon shift sides way.

In the silence, he drew her closer and placed a soft kiss on her lips. His cock poked her belly due to the difference in height.

They weren’t done yet.

After the brief kiss. He held out both of hands and directed to grip the table’s edge.

Clueless of what would happen next. She held onto it.

Soon, she felt his hand begin rubbing her waist. His other hand was placed on her back.

She felt him gently push her down.

Now her rear protruded. She felt both his palm grip, squeeze and rubbed it.

Smack!

"... sssss... Ahhhhh... " a brittle of hiss escaped her lips, then she felt a wave of pleasure come after it.

’Spanking is enjoyable...’ "... Ahhhhhhhhh!" Releasing a gasping moan. She felt one hand hold her ass firm and then... the familiar length of his cock filled every inch, as deep as she could take. A wave of pleasure washed over.

’A standing doggy? Since I’m striking from the back it should be considered doggy right?’

He went in with a few seasoned thrust, slow, then steady...

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!... Not only was the sound of their erotic clash wild... At the feel of his balls joining the fray. The bliss he felt rose.

"Ahh... ohh... hmmm... ahhh!" her moans were short, fast, and slurred.

She was unable to match his pace, so she just kept her ass still, holding onto her table for support.

Smack! "Ahhhh!" Kpa!

The sound of his thrust, slamming hard into her moist slippery walls. His often smacks too. Harmoniously blended with her erotic moans, to form a sweet, erotic melody.

He let go of her ass, bending his back, he stretched his hands and grabbed her jiggling tits as he kept pounding from behind.

"Mmm... mmm... mmm..." was the only sound she could now make.

As he felt her wall squeeze tighter around his cock. He felt the pent up seeds in his balls about to unleash.

"Please release inside me, I am on pills."

Just when he was about to pull out, he heard her pleading words.

She released one of hands, and gripped his hands on her breasts tighter. Wanting him to release inside.

"Argh" He barely had any chance to reason her words, but thrusted one last time inside her.

"... Mmmmmmmm... Yesssssssss!"

It was like a chain reaction, her body shuddered and she almost slipped as her hands lost grip of the table. Temporally immobilized by the bliss she was experiencing.

Meanwhile... Spewing his seeds inside her, he reacted quickly and held her from falling.

Her ass positioned so close to his groin. They maintained this posture until he was done cumming inside her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45: -Rewards -*³
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Unceremoniously, both Teacher and Student laid on the bare floor, their body both bare and nude.

She laid weekly on his chest, resting her boobs on him, as he felt her poking nipples, her fingers silently traced his abdomen.

Their bare skin to skin contact. Created a warmth that chased away the coldness from the floor away.

The office was quiet, its atmosphere filled with remnant heat of their shared intercourse.

Laying weekly on his chest, she assumed they were sharing a sweet romantic moment. But unaware to her, Max’s eyes had turned unfocused as he stared at the transparent screen only he could see.

A minute ago the System notified him of the successful completion of his Epic Quest. It hadn’t finished listing his reward.

Ding! Ding!

[Congratulations! Epic Task: Adventure With My Petite Science Teacher. Accomplished]

[... Host has triggered an Accomplishment Rate Evaluation...]

[Evaluating...]

[ Target was a refined Virgin... x10 Rewards.]

[Location... Miss Linda’s Office... x10 Rewards]

[Completion... x10 Rewards...]

[Evaluation Complete: S+ Completion Rate.]

[Granting Rewards...]

[ 1 Rank Upgrade Card (Will to use)]

[ 1 Taboo Wish Grant]

[ x30 Reward... of points & stats ]

These were the three sole rewards he received for completing the Epic Task.

[100 Promotion Points... x30 Rewards]

[3000 Promotion Points]

[C Rank Student:

Promotion Points: 3900/1000]

[0.1 Stats Point... x30 Rewards]

[3 Stats Point Reward]

[Bonus Reward... ]

[+1 Stats Point]

[+300 Promotion Points]

Ding!

[Congratulations to the Host...]

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan High School

Stats: 4

Charm- 16.

Strength- 20.5

Agility- 11.1

Stamina- 35.

B Rank Elite Student: 3200/5000 to A Rank.

Special Ability: Mr Mystery

Quest: Become An SSS Rank Taboo Students: Requirements, performing Taboo Tasks.]

’I did it... I fucking did it.’

’B Rank Elite Student huh?’

Staring at the transparent screen above of him. A goofy smile curled up his lips

There was also the System’s first generated image too. The Rank Upgrade Card. A blue card with gold intricate pattern spreading all over it without a certain order.

Not bothering to hold back he instantly willed on it as the Ding! the sound rang again. The more than half filled ration for his next upgrade rapidly shrank.

[Congratulations to the Host on becoming an A Rank Elite Student]

[ A Rank Elite Student: 3200/10000 to S Rank.]

’10000?’ He stared at the new bar ratio and quickly calculated how many adventures he would need to be able to fill it.

’Even if I get 500 Promotion Points each time... that would be fourteen?’

’If only.’

Then his eyes shifted next to the second Reward he received.

[ 1 Taboo Wish Grant] it read.

’System, what does that mean?’ he called in his mind.

[Host can wish for Taboo to happen. For example, wishing for a target to forget what happened. Wishing for something incredibly lewd to happen, a quickie within the school, sex with certain people... As long as the Host wishes for a Taboo.’

Breaking it down into many examples, the System explained in a detailed manner.

’So...’ His eyes gleamed with wisdom as he thought of something he had been troubled about since he formed his plan.

’I know just how to use you.’

Then to the overwhelming [4 Stats Point] his heart thumbed with excitement.

’I like, no love him.’

’Come on, get out of your delusions...’

’I actually mean it... even if he has other girls.’

’He’s young, calm, caring, and also strong. A lot of girls would want to be with him. I can’t possibly have him to myself alone.’

At the thought of sharing him with other girls,her fingers weakly traced his abs for an unknown number of times. Sensing his athletic arm wrapped around her waist, on her bare buttocks too. She inhaled his warmth and focused solely on listening to his heartbeats.

Thumb! Thumb! Thumb... suddenly it became erratic, fast paced and was like the sound of heavy drums.

Far beyond the edge of her view was the reawakening that sent shivers of joy through her. Plump head, hard and thick. She could see the veiny entanglement sewn all over it.

Meanwhile a few seconds back in Max’s own world...

’Hehehe.’

[Strength- 20.5

Agility- 15.1]

As the familiar feeling of disorientation drowned his senses,he silently embraced it.

This time he felt like he was in an ocean of clouds.

A moment later, everything calmed and disappeared.

Reaffirming his hold of reality, his body even felt revitalized.

’Hmmm? A new bonus?’ He thought to himself, feeling vigorous like he would after waking up from sleep.

’Perhaps it’s because the increase in stats isn’t minute. 4 whole stats points is no joke.’

’Hmmm? What’s that?’

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!...

Willing for the screen to disappear. A warm moisture wrapped around his erect dick in a novice manner.

Glancing down, he saw Miss Linda on her knees, bending down to suck his dick.

Both of her hands wrapped around his erection, holding it still. As she clumsily sucked the tip. Her teeth grazing it sharply.

Holding back the painful hiss that threatened to escape his lips. He merely clenched his fist and endured.

She made a few mistakes but she learnt from it.

Slurp! She swallowed more of his inches. Using the ease of sucking a pop stick. She seemed to grasp the basics.

Stopping to swipe back a few strands of hair, she resumed to grab his thick meat in her palm. Poppin the head first, and swallowed the rest to capacity.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!... Her head kept moving back and forth. His precum drew a thin line to her lips each time she made swipe the strands back.

She continued sucking. A few minutes passed by and he could finally feel his balls beginning to buckle up.

He stopped her and directed her to lie back down. Spreading her two legs to reveal the pink wet slit between, he mounted her.

"Ahhhhh... ahhhhh... ahhhh... " Each moan was sonorous and light, matching his slower thrust. His hands were placed each beside her, locking her between. As his muscles stretched taut revealing their true form under his weight, each thrust was skin to push up to him.

A minute later...

"Ahhhhhhh!" Her moan peaked and she lunged her fingers into his flesh. Grabbing him tightly, her legs buckled experiencing an orgasm. At the same time, Max felt his balls were unable to hold back any longer, and released his semen inside her.

Surprisingly...

Ding!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46: -Legendary Ongoing Match-[Bonus]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[A Ranked Elite Student

Promotion Points: 3500/ 10000]

[Strength: 20.4]

Surprisingly the System rewarded him upon their second intercourse. Rather second round.

Upon asking why it wasn’t same with Sophia. He got nothing but silence.

’Well... maybe it’s some kind of special scenario.’

After that he had a calm relaxed kissing session with Miss Linda. Taking their time. It surely wasn’t up to an hour yet.

Cleaning themselves in the private restroom she had in her office. They both dressed up. Her hair was quite haggard after their kiss, so she stayed in the office while he left unhurried, bearing no expression or whatever.

Currently he was heading out for the field seeing how eeriely silent the whole hallway had become.

Soon the pitch was in sight, but he was feeling disheartened by the fact he was yet to receive a Taboo Task.

’Since when did you all become saints...’ he thought.

"Nooooo!"

"Fuck! He took him down!"

"Ohhhh!"

As he got closer to the exit, he heard several chorus shouts and curses. The outside seemed bustling and lovely.

And when he finally stepped through the exit...

A bustling scene of more than 500 People on the spectators stand welcomed him.

Like...

’What the fuck?! Is there an event I wasn’t aware of going on?

His gaze threw a distant quick scan at the field. From what it seemed the whole school was present, even... Far in the opposite stand, he sighted them. Less quiet, a stark contrast to their surroundings, the bustling noisy atmosphere filled with chants and curses. Rows of composedly watching Youths, both genders sat in order as they watched the match while casually discussing among themselves.

Although their dressing was less uniformed. Some on jackets or their usual uniforms. Baggy polo instead of blazers. Girls in fancy headbands, colorful bandanas. Headsets . An unruly group that were above the rules that bounded the rest of the lower ranked students. Their arrogance and earned pride syncing to create an unseen domain that shielded them from the challenging gaze of the opposite spectators.

S Ranked Elite Students, the cream la cream of the crop.

First Year to third year seniors, all were present.

Same with the opposite stand where he stood just having made his entrance.

’Ehn?’

His gaze settled on the field, or rather battle field that served as a nucleus to this legendary gathering.

’Volkan, Taurus, Storm, Jamming Bull...’ According to their nickname, he cited inwardly, surprise etched on his face.

These were the top talented players from First Senior Year to Third, from every class either low or high.

’... On one team?’

Yet there was something more surprising than that, two of these big names were being carried out of the field. Apparently having sustained injuries.

The rest of the team looked battered and on the verge of breaking down.

Meanwhile their opponents seemed unaffected. Standing gallantly across the field in their intimidating gears.

As his eyes shone with confusion at the unfamiliar players on the other team, he realized something...

’S Ranked Elites versus the whole school team?’

’Wild...’ He commented in his heart.

But then he felt his arm caught in a sudden grip.

"Hey you come with me..." The clear feminine voice rang beside his ears without giving him a chance to react.

’ehn.’

...

"Fuck!"

"Jamming Bull is out!"

"Taurus too!"

"The game is over... We are doomed!"

At this moment no one cared if they were Class 1 or 4. Presented before an overwhelming Oppressor, they all joined hands and wanted to Win against their common foe.

If Class 1 were the underdogs that oppressed the whole school in the absence of the top dogs. A group of S Ranked Elite Students would be reasoned as the Top Dogs. But now, they weren’t just against Top Dogs, there against the whole lot of them.

"Fuck! They just came to torment us... They came to show us who is still the Boss after years of absence."

"What are they being taught or fed?"

Since S Rank Elites Class was practically a whole advanced building. Only S Class Elite and above were allowed in.

"That’s brutal!"

"We want justice!"

Undeniably, there was no way she could refute the words of the students behind her. Their loss was apparent. 20 points less than their opponent who had 26 points in total.

Mr Erwin reported being sick today. So she was tasked to coach both male and female teams. She thought it would be easy and didn’t think much of it then.

It was going smoothly until the unruly bunch who took themselves as special kids being S Ranked Elites, arrived. Issuing a humiliating challenge to the whole school.

Sure enough, the boys couldn’t reign in their temper and accepted before she could interfere.

Bustling with vigor and rage, they quickly arranged the best of them and set for the field.

But now the result of that was evident. Many were injured, even with unlimited subs she had no player to sub. Each student that stepped on that field valiantly came back a few minutes later with injuries. Clutching different parts of their bodies in pain.

Every athlete on the bench had been subbed. And now that two of the top players had succumbed to their injuries, she gave up. She wasn’t going to stay and watch further humiliation.

Fortunately as she made for the exit she saw a dazzled youth by the unfolding game.

Interest and surprise evident on his face. Then she instinctively took note of his posture. From the way he stood she judged him to be an athlete and grabbed him tightly before he could react.

’Fuck’

Glancing at the gears thrown at him to fit into, under the shade the substitute players usually sat. Obscured from the public eyes. He stood behind rows of tired, injured players and took off his tracksuit. A minute later he was done.

Now dressed in ash gray football uniform. The shoulder pads added a sense of intimidation to his frame.

The awkward pants he wore was tight as fuck.

’Just who did these belong to.’

Turning to glance at the mature woman was their coach...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47: -America Football(Gridiron )-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Clenching his teeth to properly fit the mouth guard, Max silently wore the helmet. With a deep breath, he strapped the gear in place and walked out to the field. The roar of the crowd echoed in his ears.

"Ready?" She asked, hastily patting his shoulders.

It was almost felt like she was afraid he would change his mind and turn around.

Honestly, the thought did cross his mind, but he simply shook it off, thinking of something else.

’I can’t possibly turn around and run, right?’

He thought assuming that would cause a much bigger scene.

Willing for the familiar, transparent screen to appear in front of his eyes. The chaotic shouts and curses from the spectating students blurred as the numbers appeared.

... [Agility- 15.1]

[Stamina- 35]

’ I will be relying on you both,’

"You see that?" A voice from the crowd, filled with mockery, cut through his thoughts. "Another fucker’s about to have his ribs broken."

Suddenly, someone in the crowd pointed toward him as he stood beside the woman in baggy tracksuit on the sidelines.

At the call of the shout, some of the crowd turned their attention to the technical area, noticing a geared-up player standing on the sidelines, prepared to step into the battlefield.

"Quick, look!" someone yelled, their voice rising above the chaos.

Those who caught sight of Max’s figure began alerting others around them. The murmurs spread like wildfire.

Unlike the players before him, who would be bouncing on their toes, jumping up and down, and doing stretches to psych themselves up, Max stood completely still, composed.

"Hehehe, does he think he’s some kind of hero?" one voice sneered from the crowd.

"We’re fucking doomed to eat shit, man. I better get out of here quick."

"Who the hell does he think he is? Some kind of confident moron?"

The insults and curses didn’t stop there. As Max remained unbothered, more and more people started turning their attention to the lone figure standing at the sidelines.

Miss Charlotte had gone to help the injured youth which she was wanted to substitute Max with.

’Well, let’s get on with this. I’m also rearing to test out my increased stats.

SHORTLY AFTER ...

"You’re in."

Her delicate voice laced with command reached his ears as she made a gesture for him to step in.

"Yeah!!! Fuck them up!" It wasn’t known who shouted it first. But despite hearing this, Max kept on with his confident joggs into the field, totally ignoring their shouts. Their heart turned hopeful, and some of them actually started to cheer.

By now the opposite team had also taken notice of the confident figure jogging into the game undeterred by the gloomy setting.

In the S Ranked Spectators side, some the nonchalant arrogant scions turned piqued and interested.

Max figure screamed aura alone, due to how detached he looked from the atmosphere.

"Who is he?"

Volkan, nudging on a team mate behind him asked, as he observed Max through his visor.

"I don’t know, but he’s got quite the girth and experienced aura. His presence alone has uplifted the teams morale."

"He has the athletic build too." A dark-skinned youth from the Third Senior Year, known as his field name "Storm,", added to their conversation, throwing Max a nod of acknowledgment.

Meanwhile, upon receiving affirmative nods from a select few around him, Max took a readied stance.

’How many years has it been?’ Finding himself on the green expanse once more, he thought of went last he geared himself up for Gridiron. ’Its definitely been more than twenty years.’ He thought.

"Over here." Storm, assuming temporary captain after Taurus injury, signaled with his arm for them to gather.

Soon, they formed an enclosed space between them.

"Hey, we’ve got this ok?"

The next thing, Max felt was a heavy pat on his shoulders from a player beside him.

"Hmmm" he nodded casually behind his visors while the youth’s eyes widened in obvious surprise that Max didn’t dent while receiving his pat.

"Guys... Do you think we should quit already?" Storm asked, his voice grim as he surveyed their expression.

Unfortunately, there was nothing but a heavy silence in response.

There was tension.

The team’s heads were bowed, their bodies deflated, unwilling to meet the gaze of their captain.

It was clear that they had given up.

And who could blame them? With twenty points behind their opponents, and the game ticking down to the final quarter, their chances of winning were slim.

Probably less than 11 minutes left...

"Hmmm... Ok then," Storm muttered, his voice heavy with disappointment. His eyes closed for a moment as he inhaled a long, frustrated breath. He nodded slowly, knowing continuing a game with a team that had already succumbed to defeat was futile.

"No." The words slipped out , his expression neutral. Max stood there, completely geared up and composed.

Through the visor of his helmet, his gaze met Storm’s.

’Eh?’

Instantly, the entire team’s attention snapped to him, their eyes widening in confusion. It was the new guy. The one who just jogged into the field that spoke up. It was clear from the surprised looks on their faces that they hadn’t expected him to speak.

But Max didn’t falter.

He merely stood, unblinking. Then, his lips parted once again, "Just pass the ball to me."

For a moment, nobody moved. There was a stunned silence.

To say they were surprised was an understatement. They thought he was just arrogant, and sick in the head.

’Can’t you read the setting?’ They must have thought.

"Well..." Storm rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "What do we have left to lose? A final, unexpected twist is better than surrendering. Conceding would make them think they’ve already beaten us." Clap. Clap. "You heard him. Let’s go!"

Suddenly the whole team seemed revitalized and started jogging towards the marked spot, forming a scrimmage line.

On the opposing side, the team composed of intimidating S Ranked Elite Students, took a formation while wearing casual smirk on their faces.

Taking notes...

’Despite the fact that they are on the winning percentage by a huge margin, appearing eased and relaxed, they are actually serious.’

’Psychological warfare... I see.’ Max quickly accessed.

"PEEP!" The whistle was blown...

As the crowd watched both teams crash into each other, a dangerous but customary fallout was leashed. Wild and bone breaking, some where sent tumbling back from a hit.

As the chaos ensued, the crowd witnessed something unexpected.

Max who had positioned himself at the edge of the attack formation, managed to take out the other youth positioned against him with a clean hit.

Like the thrust of a shovel, the other was sent tumbling right away mid air.

Slipping past their defense, he bolted with an explosive charge, before their second line of defense could react.

Doom!

It was a resounding collision. Not of their body but the other youth sent kissing the floor, almost crippling his neck.

Having wildly charged without fear, with a single thought to deal devastating blow to the other, the same tactics they had been using to take them out since the game began.

"Where are you going bastard?" The bulky youth affirmed both arms as he leaped forward, with a wide smirk curling on his lips.

Whoosh!

The crowd witnessed something astonishing...

(QN:.. So guys, is it good? Noticed I made too much errors and typo in most of uploaded chaps. I also don’t go much into details. Your thoughts?)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48: -Scoring -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Max came to an abrupt halt, managing to twist his body in time. He salvaged the other’s plan to take him out and escaped.

...

Behind him, as soon as the whistle blew...

Storm passed the ball through the center of his legs to Volkan who had been prepared to receive it.

He then slammed into the opponent, trying to stop their charge.

As the tackle enfolded, Volkan ran slightly to the defensive before stopping.

There he had a wider and broad view of the field.

Scanning the field, his eyes caught the scene of an opposition player being scooped off the ground in a swift manner.

And there he was, Max was dashing for their defense.

His speed was explosive, seemingly too fast for the opposition to react in time. But they did, one of them happened to lock on him and leaped to give him a spear-takedown, a dangerous one at that.

In reaction, Max came to an abrupt halt. Twisting, he managed to evade the figure .

The opposing player upon missing the target fell to his own vile intention. A crash landing that would leave scars on him if he wasn’t wearing a helmet.

Swoosh!

Volkan, beyond his surprise, his muscles stretched taut under his gears. At this moment, everyone on the seemed to disappear from the field and it was only Max’s dashing figure remaining.

The ball rocketed swiftly through the air with an invisible straight line. Beyond the disbelief of the opposing team.

Bang!

Max’s grip was sturdy.

Leaping to catch the rocketing ball, he was unaffected by the force he received. Instead his heart calmed as he felt a thrilling sensation through his body. Adrenaline.

Regaining a foothold on the green patched field. He glanced at the end like before bursting forward with explosive seed.

By now he had advanced more than ten yards.

The rest of the opposing team, a group of S Ranked Elites who had reacted earlier were now wildly charging towards him.

’Hard...’ The thought drifted through his mind but he didn’t stop, he kept running at full speed.

Then when he got closer to the first person, he pulled the trick he used on the previous person.

An abrupt halt then sidestepping him.

Missing his target, this person didn’t crash on the floor right away. There was another figure madly chasing Max. And just when he sidestepped, he saw that his teammate had dropped him. While Max, who was their target, kept charging without stopping.

As the rest saw this, they imbued more strength in their muscles, boosting their speed more.

But unfortunately, it was too late.

The cursing and despairing spectators who had gone silent after seeing him dribble his first tackle. Stood up from their seats in a synchronized manner. Their fists clenched, they watched with exhilaration as he scored their second point.

"Yes!!!!!!!!"

They burst out in frantic shout, vividly shaking as their face mirrored joy and excitement.

Even the Class 1 and 2 Students who were trying to act composed at this won’t were evidently excited, fervently shaking their hands but not shouting.

Cynthia, Cinthya, Ayesha, Andrew, Bruce... Class 1 & 2 from all years basically sat together.

"It is a touchdown!"

"Shit! I saw it too"

"Who is he!"

He actually ran past their end line, scoring a whole 6 points and shortening the difference to 14.

Under the excited shouts. Max calmly jogged back to rendezvous with the rest of the team out of formality.

He wasn’t feeling hippie humpy about the point he scored, instead he felt deep satisfaction and thrill at the thought of his newfound reaction speed, explosive speed and strength.

"Nicely played."

"Never knew we had someone that fast and strong on the teammate."

"That was awesome..."

Sharply nudging his shoulders, they each gave a commending comment with a revitalized glint in their eyes.

Storm however, gave a stronger pat.

"Thank you." He said, before signaling for the team to assemble. Posing for Kick.

As he watched in silence, yet to speak a word since he joined. He felt a few hateful gaze directed at him.

The three S Ranked Students who had fallen for his petty halt and turn tactics were now looking at him vengefully.

Shaking his head, he let out a small breath as he glanced at the remaining minutes they had left.

’7 minutes till the fourth quarter ends.’ Seems there’s actually no hope.

"Yes!!!!!" Suddenly the spectating students burst into another round of shouts.

(26-13)

Storm had been successful with the kick, earning an extra point.

But despite that, there was a solemn feeling around every member of the team.

Sure, they had scored 7 points due to Max’s shocking emergence. But now that they were the ones on defensive, their recent win didn’t seem that glorious anymore.

The spectating students seemed to realize this too and quickly calmed.

Meanwhile the S Ranked Elites on the opposite spectator seats. Revealed knowing smiles having recovered from their surprise.

As all these unfolded, Max calmly shook his head. And switched to defensive. Not far behind Storm and Volkan. He stood ten yards before the formed scrimmage line with anticipation in his eyes.

He could sense several sharp gazes resting on him.

Something Storm was seemingly the captain didn’t take note of. In fact the whole team was being led by their emotions. Defeat etched in their mind. They could barely reason as far as he could tell.

’I should probably brace for impact.’

PEEp!

As the whistle blew.

The clash turned rampant and vruts.

Having occupied and blocked their sights. The opposition played a plot twist to the whole game, and it’s fundamental.

Behind the scrimmage, on their side, the defensives had been waiting. Seeing the clash unfold, they instantly dashed forward, managing to catch the opponent off guard. They joined the scrimmage.

Sending several bodies rolling, and grunts of pain in the air.

Their combined power managed to break the delicate balance between them.

"Fuck! What are they doing?!"

The whole team were left in disarray upon seeing the opposite team abandon their defense. Wildly charging forward... Then did something crazier.

Then sent the ball rocketing towards Max who had already guessed their vile intentions.

’Bunch of vile prideful bastards.’ Max thought inwardly, steeling his resolve. With a firm foothold on the soil ready to burst forth with explosive strength.

They had thrown the ball towards him, wanting to tackle him in order to leave him with a severe injury.

Before the speechless eyes of both spectating sides, Max turned back and ran towards his own home.

"What is he doing?"

"You have the ball, can’t you throw a pass..." Fortunately the person saying these things felt stupid enough and decided to keep quiet.

Max was the only standing member of his team. The rest were either rolling silently on the ground or groaning in pain while clutching their abdomen as they tried to stand up.

The unfolding scene was brutal, but beyond that a comedic one was happening.

Furiously chasing one lone figure, like a pack of wolves after a wandering sheep, were six huge built players like charged rhinos.

But despite that they were unable to catch up.

Max ran with all his might, unleashing the full potential of his stamina and agility. His breath never faltered one bit as he focused on running in a roundabout manner.

Seeing this, the crowd suddenly quietened down with spectacled looks settling on their faces.

What seemed to be easy peasy, taking down one lone youth without a similar build as them. Turned to a comedy show.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49: -Hero makes an Exit-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Hehehe.’

Feeling the breeze swiftly brush past his visor, filling his helmet. Rocking doom of his legs propelling him forward.

He curled his lips into a smile.

The group of S Ranked Students tailing him were so lost in wanting to break his bones that they failed to realize he was making them play a show.

His stamina having been forged by the System’s arduous daily Quest for more than one year wasn’t something they could compare to.

’It isn’t that I have some kind of explosive speed but because I am able to push out my top speed and able to withstand the fatigue from it.’

Although it was only a rough judgement... His simulation of the System’s Quest back then to his current stats made him realize a lot of things.

His 20.4 Strength Stat was equal to the strength of average boxers.

His agility was severely lacking.

His Stamina, basically endurance was the accumulation of his resolve, and the ability to go through those quests.

He couldn’t judge which level it was currently at, but after running through half of the field, he felt it was natural. His breathing rate barely changed.

"Yo! What is that?!"

"Shit! Is he playing with them?"

" His speed..."

The spectacular scene of the opposing player being lead across the field and yet to realize they were running in a circular manner.

On the S Elites spectator seats. Their free casual look had turned solemn with a grave frown settling on it.

"What are they doing?"

Suddenly a blonde haired sophomore youth said, raising the glass of champagne in his hands with clenched teeths.

At the same time, on the field, Max pulled to an abrupt halt and turned back to face his incoming pursuers who now looked tired and enraged as they charged, furiously recovering distance.

By now, almost all the eleven members of the opposing team were heading towards him.

A brutal tackle was about to happen. Max knew this and his gaze steeled behind the visor of his helmet. Staring at the incoming bulls.

’Of course, I am not superman. Although my stamina barely has a dent from all the running, my strength is 15 whole points behind it.’

’So...’ He glanced at the timer, at this moment they had less than a minute left before the quarter ended. And the whole charade of running home wasn’t to make fun of the opposing team, but to buy time.

Time for Storm and a few others to recover.

He smiled, for the first time since stepping into the field. His expressionless face changed, his eyes gleaming with excitement.

Instantly the spectating crowd realized what was going to happen next.

Their mouths open in awe.

Most of the S Ranked Elites on the opposite side, stood up in shock.

Surprise and indignation bloomed in their eyes as they gazed at the field.

Of course the charging bulls, and those that had spread out to block any escape route Max had against their charge soon realized the oddity in the atmosphere and glanced back to see that groaning players they left behind had risen.

Each signaling for a pass to be made.

"Gotcha..."

The two players that had gotten approximately close to Max, enough to lock in a spear take down, heard him blurt these words. Not caring of their incoming attack. He shoved the ball into the air with all his might. Mirroring the familiar image in his head, that of his past life as a kid who loved gridiron more than his crush.

The ball shot through the air, across the field in a spectacular manner. Drawing silence through the whole field.

Bang!

A firm palm obstructed its path and grabbed it.

"Go!"

The rest of the team seeing this shouted in sync.

Without dandling, Storm burst forth with explosive speed and might. There was an opposing team player who thought it was fortunate he hadn’t gone in...

Bang!

Before he could think further, Storm had reached his front and slammed him to the side before he could react.

As the opposition player was sent thumbling like a rock.

Storm stormed forward like a swift gale with thunderous momentum. Under the strain of adrenaline he quickly covered the remaining yards.

With less than five seconds remaining...

He scored a touchdown and kicked the ball past the goal post, earning an extra.

On the opposite end of the field, as Storm dashed forward. Max was overwhelmed with echoes of pain as his body was slammed to the ground with brutal force.

The two players actually coordinated their viciousness and struck him.

As he lost himself to the law of inertia...

PEEP!

He heard the sharp whistle blow, signifying an end to the final quarter of the game.

"Bastard"

As he struggled to recover from the pain, he heard one of the two people that struck him down mutter a vicious curse.

’Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! I overdid myself.’ feeling the pain in his abdomen lessen, he heard the excited chants of the spectating student.

’Here is where I make my exit.’ He thought, making way to the empty technical area and picked up his tracksuits.

"Yes!!!"

"We fucking did it!"

"Kiss my ass you S Ranked Bastard!"... Several curses and shouts reverberated out loud as the opposite spectators started dismissing quickly for unknown reasons.

From a despairing count of 26-6, the game ended 26-20. Though they still lost. It counted as a victory considering who they were up against and how they scored 14 points in less than ten minutes...

Meanwhile, in hindsight the true hero who fell under the tackle of the opposition was temporarily forgotten.

Those who saw Max figure dashing off the field and tried to signal the rest were quickly drowned in the jubilation and shouts.

On the other end of the field, Storm who had collapsed after the rush of adrenaline disappeared weakly stood up and searched with his eyes for Max, but to no avail did he find him.

Soon, the rest of the teammates gathered. Including the injured ones from the tactical area, realized the lone figure. Their game changer was nowhere to be found.

"Where is he?"

QN: On the part of Earth I live in. Gridiron isn’t known. Never watched or played it.

Everything written so far are from high school movies I watched years ago, backed with extensive google research. So pardon my ignorance.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50: -The Ghost Stallion-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Have you heard..."

"Of course I was there, the whole school was basically present, stop fucking asking me if I have heard."

"Hehehe, thought you would be busy somewhere else with your..."

"Shut the fuck up, I shouldn’t have told you... besides it was just supposed to happen today but thanks to those S Elites arrival. Our time got ruined.

His face was perfectly hidden by helmet. His normal frame remains a mystery too."

"Hehehe... I heard Storm commissioned for an act to be made in order to find the dude."

"I know right. Some have begun to speculate he’s a ghost, the spirit of a dead student who rose upon sensing they were in dire need of a score. Came to save the day and then disappeared again. The Stallion Ghost they say."

"What a bunch of nonsense." Another student added, interrupting the other two.

"I saw him, mere moment after being speared, stood up and jogged to pick his tracksuits. Do you call that a ghost?"

"Shut the fuck up Flynn, speaking gibberish again. If you saw him then while didn’t you yell , surely a few around you would have noticed."

"Ok then, if you don’t want to believe my truth. Do you believe the ghost story running about?..." Being the subject of their discussion, Max listened attentively while walking further away from it.

Nudging the bridge of his glasses, he calmly took the next turn down the hallway.

’The Stallion Ghost.’ Shortly he was reminded of the night before yesterday, and suppressed a faint smile.

Mrs Dalia had called him that, he didn’t think he would get the public would while adding the term Ghost as long as they never figured out his identity.

’Unfortunately, due to the stunt I pulled off. Instead of savoring heated admiration and peak popularity. I am all sweaty and stuck inside a tracksuit.’ The sport wear didn’t feel so comfy any more.

Though he had an idea, using Miss Linda’s Office restroom, the hallway was very busy right now and he would attract some suspicious eyes.

’So now what should I should?’

As someone who always showered at the slight discomfort from his surroundings. The thought of spending the remaining period in discomfort didn’t sit well with him.

Then he remembered something...

Ding!

’Uh?’

The familiar System sound rang in his mind and drew his eyes to the sudden transparent screen that appeared.

[System has discovered that a level of tabooness accessible to the Host is going on within the extended staff bathroom.]

[Taboo Tasks]

[Target:Miss Charlotte]

’Bathroom...?’ The thought hung in his mind as he stared at the next set words that appeared, confusion gleaming past his lenses.

’Miss Charlotte?’

’Since when was there a Miss Charlotte?...’ He thought, scurrying his memory for any relating information. Unfortunately he didn’t posses a photographic memory and quickly swept the sense of familiarity away.

’Although I don’t know who you are... I know where you are.’He thought, nudging his glances once more as he made a turn to the right instead of the left that would have led him back to the class.

Extended Bathroom, belonged to staffs. But due to the school’s complicated structure, it was located on the first floor but could be easily accessed from the field due to its main purpose. Ideally, it was made for the sport instructors to calm after game. Just like the Gridiron and b

Basketball team had a locker room with a bathroom in it

’It should be here.’

As he found himself in the deserted hallway, glancing at both gender signs that hung opposite each other.

His eyes gleamed as he saw that one of them was left slightly ajar.

It was the male one.

Perking his ears he could hear the precipitating sound of water hitting the hard tile surface. However there was a no loud moan like he expected, only drizzling drops.

As a precaution, he took off his glasses and roughed his hair to switch things up.

Then stepped closer to slightly push the door open.

Just like he expected, it was a spacious open space with rough surface tiles.

There were about six shower stands with no separation between them... and one of them was apparently in use.

Limited by his view, he pushed the door more slightly open.

Then, there he saw it. Explicitly sexual, erotic... Was a stunning, provocative figure. Her olive skin laid bare under the shower, nude. Her soapy hands moved, extending towards her chest to massage the two big, firm molds which were unlike anything he had ever seen before but on porn leaks.

Her breasts stood firm and full, curving a bit like bananas. Two straight perky nipples extended distinctively from it.

"Hmmmm!" She exhaled, moaning softly as she rubbed both of her nipples.

Tracing down the drizzling droplets of water washing away the soap, his eyes settled on her tummy to see a set of subtle vivid abs take form there.

As the water traced down her skin, his eyes followed it. Settling on her curvaceous waist. Her rear was huge, pushing out with unbelievable athleticism. Her hips also were robust, and thick. Down, the rear beneath was cleanly shaved.

"Hmmmm" She moaned again.

Bringing down one of her hands while leaving the other to continue massaging her breast perky. Her hand traced down the center line between her boobs, then her abs, in an extremely sexual manner.

Her eyes were closed, soon her hand reached the center area between her legs.

’This...’ Max felt his heart bubble with a sense of thrill, his throat hung dry as he watched her part open her legs then insert one of fingers between.

"Ahhhh!" Her breath peaked, releasing a sharp gasping moan. She switched back to her other tits which he found extremely alluring.

One had its nipple faced to the east, the other to the west.

’East west side tits.’ He excited commented rembering having checked on type of tits one certain time.

"Hmmm...mmmmh"Her breath extended, moaning erotically.

As he saw another finger join the fray, his eyes visible gleaming with lust couldn’t take it anymore.

Slipping past the gap he made, he didn’t exactly close it but left it the way it was before. Then he began taking off his clothes.

’Well, if things play out unexpected. I can just use the Taboo Wish Grant.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51: -Bathing With Miss Charlotte -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahhhh!" Her neck arched upward, facing the drizzling droplets. Her long black hair was like a stunning carnal for the water to flow through. Trailing down her curvaceous waist to her ass.

Using the drizzling sound to mask his step, he began walking forward.

...

T

"Hmmmm... Storm. Volkan. Hmmmm... Stallion."

As she called out these names, her body visibly shuddered from bliss. And the last name, it took a moment for her to recall it. Trying to remember the athletic youth she dragged into the game.

’Who knew he had such capabilities.’

Envisioning the impressive moves he made, and how it would feel experiencing them herself. Her breath peaked, a more intimate sense of pleasure travelled through her.

"Ahhhhh..."

Unexpectedly, a palm covered her mouth. Wrapped around her shoulders, she felt its athletic build.

’Lean, proportioned, well placed. Perfect?’ These words blurred through her subconsciousness, but then her eyes shut open upon sensing something else

Between her ass, she felt something strong, hard and meaty pressed there, like how sausage would to a hot dog.

"Hmmmm..." A light gasping moan escaped her lips as she felt it press further between them. Another arm could be felt wrapping around her waist possessively.

Then it toured her abs, causing her to moan, before pressing her into his chest.

Then she felt it, her body squirmed causing her to moan.

"Mmmmmm!" Her breath turned erratic, her eyes squeezed tight as she savored the feeling of those sets of abs and a firmly shaped chest.

Though she was yet to see them, her skin was also part of her senses so she could tell.

... Moments ago

As he walked calmly with thoughts of how to progress his first contact in a way she wouldn’t be able to resist.

"Hmmmm... Storm. Volkan. Hmmmm... Stallion."

"Ahhhhh!" The pace at which she fingered herself quickened.

’Ehn?’ Caught up in stunned silence, at the sound of her voice, he stared curiously at her face and then realized she was the very woman clad in baggy tracksuit that dragged him earlier. Making him join the game.

He didn’t think much of her then, only why was she the only sport instructor present. After all, her tracksuit hid her figure too well.

’Is she pleasuring herself to the game?’ He thought as he silently observed the pervert movement of her fingers and shook his head lightly.

’Why don’t I make that fantasy come true then.’

"Ahhh..." as her moan peaked, he covered her mouth. Then wrapped his arm around her waist, rubbing her abs.

Between his legs, his awakened and erect dick found a place between her rear and nestled warmly between.

Pressing her closer into his embrace from behind, he made sure their skin contact was maximized.

"Hmmmm" She released a low erotic moan. Her body barely resisted but seemed to yearn for his contact than he needed hers.

So they engaged in a soft tussle after that. She tried to resist his grip but quickly succumbed, completely resting on his body.

He locked her into a tight erotic embrace, stopping her from fingering herself. They both stayed in silence letting the drizzling cool wash their body. Unfortunately his erection was having none of it.

"Hmmmm" she inhaled deeply, unable to hold the silence any longer upon feeling the hardened spear between her ass cheeks become hotter.

She struggle to exit his embrace, but this time Max relaxedly let her go.

As she felt both long athletic arms loosen, the warmth from her back was quickly washed away.

She was half a head shorter than him. So as she pushed away his arms, she instantly turned to satisfy the seething curiosity in heart.

The two thick supple cheeks that contained his erection were no more.

His hair was washed, wet as the water spread down his prime form. She stared down at his body in admiration, tracing his abs up to his chest. Her forehead could feel his tempered hot breath.

Her two perky molds were so close, but not enough to press into him. Barely resistable. He let her take his time scanning his body.

Just the fact she had abs, and a well proportioned athletic fit that blended with her feminine traits was enough to let him guess her kinky perverted taste.

So as she stared up at him,he stared down at her. Completely at ease that something would go down soon.

’It is him?’ one thought ran through her mind as she caught sight of his calm face. The boy that had the whole school currently trying to figure out his identity after the game ended. Nicknamed The Ghost Stallion...

’Hmmmm...’ Her breath peaked , sensing something firm and hot brushing the area between her legs.

Then she glanced back down, taken by momentary surprise. She saw something big and rigid. Pulsating with veins as if it wanted to rampage through her.

Honestly, she hated dicks. Prefering to satisfy herself the most with her perverted kinky mind.

Both the current one belonging to this athletic highschool kid before her completely drew her attention for unknown reason.

She felt curious at his silence, undeterred stance.

"Hmmmm." She breathed in, burning with curiosity and lust. And wanted to explore. Her other thoughts had stopped, blocking any sensible thought that stopped her from fulfilling the desires in her heart. Glancing up at his face, staring down at her.

Her lips pursed into a sweet smile. Then she was finally on her knees.

Meanwhile, at the sight of her hidden muscles revealing themselves as she made to go on her knees. His eyes burned with still lust.

He wanted to hug tightly, embracing every inch of her skin in his, suck her perky east west nipples, and raise her up for a good thorough fuck. His body yearned for several things but he stood still in silence.

He wanted to see how far she would go. Perhaps he would also have his first sex within the school without using his blackmailing tactics.

It was then he felt her eyes settle upon him with glee as she positioned her nose close to his erect cock. Inhaling, she closed her eyes merrily in joy and slowly extended her lips to wrap around his tip.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52: -Fuck!-***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Fuck!’

Only he knew the tormenting pleasure he felt at this moment.

As her tongue slowly perched atop the plump tip of his dick. Casting it in moist, her mouth followed. Silently devouring each inch, till he felt his tip hit her throat. Adding warmth to the original moist feeling.

Slurp!

Her tongue wrapped around his base, slurping it. She removed it, then patted her tongue with it. She stared silently at it for a moment before bringing her mouth to swallow it again.

Using her saliva, she lubricated it by coiling her tongue around it.

A wave of euphoria washed over him. Clenching his fist, he held back from pushing the remaining inch inside her mouth.

Slurp!

She licked, sucking his dick while massaging his sack of balls in her other hand.

"Argh" Max tried to stifle his groan but failed.

She glanced up. Her lips locked around his erection. She revealed a pleased smile with his cock in her mouth, after seeing him close his eyes in bliss.

Slurp!

She sucked his dick, taking it down to the edge of her throat then slurped it out again. To lick his precum.

Her hands stroked his glance, mixing her saliva with his precum before taking him back.

Slurp!

As the shower continued drizzling, washing over his body. She now found it fit to drink from the oasis.

Max felt the bliss peak and opened his eyes.

Down, kneeling before, the Sport Instructor, Miss Charlotte had gone lower. Revealing her prime athletic build and perky breasts.

Stretching out her tongue, she anchored her mouth under his erection and started to swallow the water that traced it.

"Hmmmm" she breathed erotically.

But as much as he would like enjoy their foreplay. He was tired of letting her take charge.

He similarly went on his knees, and lunged at her.

"Ahh" she let out a gasping breath, as he pressed her to the wet tiled floor.

"Hmmmm." Her breath peaked, arching up her waist under his sudden assault. She quickly coiled her arms around his head. Enraptured by the feeling of bliss she felt from his tongue wrapped around her perky tits in a sly manner.

"Ahhhhh!" He listened to her moan again, her arms around his head, forcing him to want to devour more of her perky wonders.

His back withstood the drizzling water. Scooping both pairs in his palm, he fondled her other breast and brought one to his lip. Latching it.

"Yesssss!" Her voice was abrupt and loud, extending until it became an hiss, her grip on his tightened as Max continued sucking both boobs. Completely engulfed in the bliss of feeling them.

Until finally, she couldn’t take it any longer.

"Ahhhhh!" She moaned.

Finally satisfied with sucking on both pairs. Her eyes finally had a chance to stay open, glinting with remnant bliss.

As the shower continued battering them, he spread both of her legs wider.

Blowing away the drizzling water obscuring his view.

"Ahhhhhhhh!" Her body reacted, arching up to cover the remaining of his inch with force before he could insert it fully.

’She’s so tight.’

Her hips buckled the moment his cock slid in.

"Hmmmmm!" She inhaled deeply, arching her waist even more while he positioned himself by grabbing both of her hips before thrusting in.

"Ahhhhh...!" An erotic moan could be heard in the spacious bathroom, higher pitched than the drizzling water.

"Ahhhhh!" The moan resounded again.

"Ahhhh!" As he thrusted the third time, the right walls of her pussy clenching around him relaxed.

Laying under the shower, she orgasm after three thrust.

But Max didn’t stop, Instead his hold of her hip tightened as he kept thrusting inside her. Following her moans.

Until three minutes....

"Hmmmmmmmmmmm!" Her erratic breath audibly calmed.

Turning her over still on her knees, he pressed her down. Her rear positioned to his cock and her perky front kissing the cold tiles.

Grabbing both sides of her ass.

Smack!

He landed a smack that resounded much louder due to the drizzling water.

Then silently parted both sides... Wanting to position his thrust properly. One of her hands slipped between her legs and he felt it grab his cock.

Her rear arched closer and he felt his cock being directed inside her, between wet petals.

"Come on, fuck me!"

Her body was visibly tense, impatient even. She parted the slit for him for easier penetration.

At the sight of this, Max felt something inside him snap.

Her ass was protruding towards him, and his cock halfway inside her pussy. Supported by her palm.

"Yesssssssss!!!" She screamed, as he groped both sides of her rear tight and slimmed into her with intention.

Much more than his usual causal thrust. He held her thick bubble ass, and slammed his dick her pussy. Pushing her as her breasts jiggled heavily.

"Hmmmmm!" She inhaled loudly as he slammed into her with force.

As he made to exit, his cock slipped out of her pussy. But she quickly positioned it back.

"Fuck me!" She screamed under the impact of his brutal thrust that sent her arms off balance.

But Max pulled her waist back, and slammed into her again.

"Yesssss!" Her moan peaked.

"Yess! Yesss! Yess!..." Laying on all fours, her perky breasts continuously jingled from the force of Max slamming thrust while she kept moaning.

He held her still, each time his thrust made her balance. He simply pulled her waist and continued slamming.

"Hmmm... mmmm... mmmm... yesssss!" Following the sound of each thrust, she arched her waist trying to meet his pace until she got tired.

It wasn’t known how long they went on for, but he kept slamming into her in a doggy position untill she was visibly shuddering from the cold of having the shower on throughout our their fuck section.

"Yessssssssssss!" Her voice broke, feeling his balls tighten, he quickly brought out his cock and cummed on her butts.

’There you go buddy. Watching his semen flood away with the water down the drain. He tried to stand up and turn off the shower, but then...

’Fuck!’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53: -Encounter with Loli-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Fuck!’

Upon his attempt to stand up, his feet gave in to a wobble feeling and he fell on his knees. Supporting his fall with one hand.

Ding!

Suddenly the System’s familiar prompt rang in his mind as knelt under the drizzling water.

[Congratulations to Host for completing Second Task]

[Granting Rewards...]

[Location of committed Taboo has triggered bonus rewards. Extended Restroom]

[Target: Miss Charlotte: Taboo Confirmed, Accomplished]

[100 Promotion Points x3 Reward...]

[300 Promotion Points.]

[0.1 Stats Point x3 Reward...]

[0.3 Stats Point.]

[Bonus Rewards]

[0.5 Stats Point]

[150 Promotion]

[A Ranked Elite Student

Promotion Points: 3950/ 10000 to S Rank]

Without hesitation, he willed for the total of 0.7 Stats Point to be added to his Agility.

[Agility: 15.8]

As the disorientation took effect, the feeling was quickly washed away by the battering water droplets against his back.

"Hmmmm!"

Miss Charlotte, the athletic instructor had turned on her back and was now rubbing the pink plot, with slimy liquid that was soon battered by the water droplets.

"Hmmmm" she rubbed her clits, moaning erotically with her legs both hung up and spread wild. She smiled slutily glancing at his invigorated little champion from the effect and adding stats points.

Unfortunately...

"Sorry, we’ll have to do this another time." He spoke for the first, his tone cracking a bit before turning to the opposite side of the bathroom which had a mirror and wash hand bowl mounted on its wall. Expectedly, there was also a hair dryer resting on it.

’Although I don’t know how much time has gone by. Break must be close to being over.’ That said, an unfamiliar sense of weakness was pulling his stomach. Hunger, because the nutrients from the little he ate earlier had diminished greatly.

"Yesssss!" Her moaning peaked signifying that she was at the peak of experiencing another orgasm. He ignored the tent in pants and tightened the lace of his shoes.

He had to get out of here quickly before he succumbed to the lust within him.

As he pulled open the door however, there was the sound of scurrying steps.

’Huh?’ His breath hung as he quickly stepped past the door following a click.

Not far by, separated by a few meters a girl had stumbled and fell.

"Aiish!"

She sat up quickly, her delicate face scrunching in agony as she winced. "Ow, ow, ow..." she muttered, reaching down to clutch her left knee.

-

Instinctively, his gaze flickered downward, zooming in a split second. He caught a glimpse of her white undy which had a visible wet patch on it.

"Ahhh, what are you looking at, Pervert?"

Her squeal pierced the air, eyes widening. She shot up so fast it was as if she had never been injured, her hands flying to her skirt, tugging it down. Her entire face was ablaze with mortification, pink creeping all the way down her neck.

She looked petite, her small frame nearly swallowed by the oversized blazer of her black-and-white school uniform. Her long black stockings clung tightly to her slender legs, emphasizing her petite stature. Twin ribbons secured her glossy auburn hair into high ponytails.

’Ehn?’

’I never thought I would actually see them in real life. She looks like a fucking Loli!’

’Short frame, almost flat chest. Petite. She’s even wearing ribbons... Ponytails too.’

The accusation of being a pervert left no touch on him. Instead his eyes gleamed with marvel staring at the petite girl before him.

"Ar... aren’t you listening?" Feeling his accessing gaze, she stuttered, puffing her cheeks in embarrassment.

’Oh.’

As his mouth parted, however...

"Ahhh... Yesss... Hmmm." An erotic audio record started playing.

’Shit!’ she thought.

It wasn’t audio but a recorded video.

"No, that’s mine." The girl yelped, her face flushing in embarrassment as stretched her hands to stop him from picking the phone. But it was too late. He reacted much quicker.

Taking two steps back to distance himself from her. He calmly paused the video and swiped the screen to see they were actually four other clips in total of him fucking Miss Charlotte.

Knowing she had been caught, the gurk halted her attempt and stood silently in embarrassment. Seeing him play the video.

The silence went on for another minute, with few pause and play.

After that, Max stared at the screen with a contemplative look and then deleted the four other videos that had his face and Miss Charlotte in it.

He then silenced and played the video ensuring it was very safe, before raising his head up.

Few slimy drops were on the phone screen so he guessed that she must have reached the peak of bliss in what she was doing and failed to notice when he was done. Stumbling after, which led to her being caught.

The girl looked innocent and cute though. Currently horny too. Though he felt it was right if he took advantage of it and hopefully scored her hole. He instantly threw these thoughts seeing her small frame.

Meanwhile, on the other hand. Seeing that Max’s expression was cool, her heart rate lessened. As she waited anticipatingly in silence.

It was until she held his voice that her clenched eyes finally opened, shyly avoiding his gaze because the scene of what she had witnessed him do would flood her mind.

"How old are you?"

His question was unexpected and instantly threw her off. Speechless, she was surprised he didn’t ask what she was doing here. Tried to press her to the wall...

"I’m 15... but 16 by next week." She blurted, her face flushing pink upon noticing how stunned Max looked.

’Sixteen? She looks 13 to me.’

Observing her small stature , he lightly shook his head.

There was no need to ask. He knew she was a first year senior student since he was on their floor.

"Take..." He stretched out his hand, handing back the phone.

"... But if you reveal our identity and track down your address. I already typed in my ’Stargram ID’. Tell me if you need anything.’

With that, he smiled and patted her hair before walking away.

A trait he had never shown to anybody since coming into this world.

’Now, that should leave one hell of an impression.’

Meanwhile, behind him, the Loli girl was blushing heavily upon glancing at her phone screen.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54: -New Comer -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ding! Ding! Ding!

The electronic bell resonated through the spacious hall, signifying that the break was over and that they were going to have their first class of the day.

Walking past the shift door, Max glanced to see most of the chairs were still empty. And those present who were engaged in conversations gave him a silent glance, quickly turning their gaze away and resumed whatever it was they were discussing.

’ That’s a relief.’ Coolly walking towards his seat, he quietly sat while awaiting the class to start soon.

Eight minutes later...

The whole class had settled down but there was no sign of the teacher.

Taking his time, Max observed the bright blue sky through the window while lost in his own thoughts.

’I wonder how the view would be on the rooftop... Wait, come to think of it. I’ve never actually been to the rooftop. Hehehe, I wonder how it would it feel to fuck there though..."

Wheeez!

His thoughts were abruptly interrupted by the sound of the door being shuffled to the side, attracting the attention of the class. Some quickly sat upright.

"Great, are we getting another substitute teacher aga..."

It was a low murmur, but under the sudden silence, the whole class heard it. Fortunately the voice seemed to have realized it was wrong and made an abrupt pause.

Indeed,two people had stepped into the class. But it was unlike what they thought.

The person in the lead was a familiar figure. A man in his mid-thirties, Mr Hendrix who they had all been waiting for.

Beside him however, was the source of their attention. An unfamiliar face and figure clad in Elite Metropolitan uniform. A distinction from the rest of the class who were all on tracksuits.

The whole classroom turned silent as they stared with a reinvigorated look of interest at the newcomer.

Max meanwhile was seeing his third fantasy of the day.

It was a girl. Brown skinned,and slightly chubby. A full shape figure. Not only was her chest big, enough to form a visibly tight press against her undershirt, worn beneath her blazer.

Her waist slimmed down a bit, accentuating her rear. The matching skirt hung up more than it should. Up above her knees, a bit of her thick plump thighs could be visibly traced.

She wore short socks with complimenting shoes.

Analysing all these in a single seconds, he then glanced up at her face, resisting the urge to nudge the bridge of his glasses for at least a proper view.

’Wow.’

She had a full grown curly hair, with visible signs that it had just been sprayed.

Then down to her cheeks he saw they were attractively chubby too. Her eyes gleamed through a pair of medicated glasses. Probably real ones rather than the fake he wore.

All in all, she had this intelligent and bright look to her beauty.

’Premium Ebony.’ In contrast to the look of surprise and admiration the class gave. Max had one thought as he felt something within him click. Then remembered a certain leak he watched of a chubby ebony girl on glasses receiving facial creampie...

"Hello everyone, please welcome Audrey who is going to be joining us for the term as a Transfer Student." The teacher’s voice broke his thoughts while revealing crucial information to the class.

’So she’s Audrey, but why did he specify ’for the term’.’Keeping his thoughts to himself though, the rest of the class did not seem to take note of this fact. Instead most of the boys had an apprehensive nervous look as they started searching their side if there was an empty desk. Upon realizing that there was none, they all glanced towards Max to see him calmly glance back at them with no viable expression on his face.

’Well...’

There was brief silence and they all retracted their gazes.

Their little exchange hadn’t gone unnoticed by the rest of the class either. The chubby girl glanced towards Max with puzzled look, curiosity glinting past her eyes as the thought of him being bullied despite not looking like one.

"Hi, I am Audrey. I hope my stay here will be fruitful." The girl said, her bright feminine voice spreading through the classroom as he revealed an easy going smile.

"Ok, find a seat." The teacher added in a formal tone, turning his back to swipe the board to a black screen.

At his words the whole class was filled with still silence, exchanging similar glances then to Max who sat unaffected by their glance.

Staring silently at the switched board screen. (Physics) Appearing shortly on it. A pleasing coconut oil fragrance waffled past his nose, making it scrunch instinctively.

Not glancing, he felt a sturdy presence move past him to occupy the empty desk beside him.

(Thermodynamics...)

"Hi, I’m Audrey." About a few moments later, he heard the expected cliché. Coolly drawing away his eyes from the board, he glanced at her in precalculated silence, then responded.

His eyes detached with no sign of interest, his lips parted slightly...

"Max." He muttered one word and turned back to the board.

.

Meanwhile glancing at the introverted youth. Who unconcernedly stared at the board as he wrote down a few lines on his note. Audrey was entrapped in her own train of thoughts about Max’s unconcerned reaction to her presence. Because it was nothing to how things had played since she started her teen years.

’Pretending? No, he doesn’t look like one of those.’ She thought.

And so the class went on in silence, coming to an end 25 minutes later.

Zzzzz! His phone buzzed

Raising his brows at the thought of who it may be, he slipped it out of his bag and swiped up the screen.

Meanwhile, beside him, Audrey was curiously checking him out due to having noticed the way the other student didn’t want to approach her.

’Wait, Are they being careful not to get on his bad side...’ Her realization went beyond her first impression. At the thought of Max’s mysterious identity, her eyes happened to set on something that short-circuited her brain.

Behold...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55: -Twist-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Zzzz Zzzz

At the buzz of his phone, swiping up the screen- Max saw something.

10 HD photos, 5 five video clips which automatically downloaded and autoplayed. His eyes couldn’t unsee what had already been seen so his body naturally reacted. His dick got hard without his intention.

Luckily it was on mute.

Clad in a pink bra and pants,her voluptuous figure in full view. It showed Kats cat walking while revealing both sides of her ass by raising raising the camera up.

She then brought it to her face or rather her caged breasts. Massaging it in an erotic manner, while pursing her lips into different seductive form.

The second clip played, which showing her taking off her bra, Trying to suck on her own nipples.

Other than that, there was one more detail he took note of in the clip. Her background was that of the basketball locker room,the same one he fucked her in.

The HD photos were of her ass, breasts, and nipples being tightly squeezed.

(You’ve been blocked by this ID)

Seeing this Max’s expression flickered, speechless of words as he kept staring at the screen unaware of the widened pupils staring down at the tent formed between his legs.

fitting about 30 students

...

Meanwhile in a much more spacious classroom fitting about 30 students, was a bustling atmosphere filled with murmurs and chatters carried within excited conversations. A view that would have left Max stunned, since each class never really knew how the other conversed with themselves.

Amidst the lively classroom, towards the center. There was a slightly calm group of girls that were particularly eye-catching. Due to their leader who was a well known figure compared to the rest of them. If Max was here, he would spot two familiar figures among them.

Sophia and Kats.

Kats was sitting silently in their midst with an unusual blush on her cheeks staring at her phone screen as her thumping heartbeat receded.

She had finally done it. Summoning the courage to send those photos and clip to the boy who had blackmailed her into having sex with him. Blocking him after that.

The Mysterious youth had given her a taste of something she’s never tasted. And now her body was yearning so much for it that she threw away her pride and went to the locker room with hopes that he somehow insidiously waited for her.

But no, her pride crumbled at the thought that fucking her once wasn’t anything remarkable.

More than that, the thought that the Mysterious youth mentioned the dildo was something her brain couldn’t wrap around.

Lost in thought, Kats was unaware of a pair of eyes quietly observing her.

’Kats wasn’t there for the basketball game on Monday. She also came late for the game today... Does that mean he’s fucked her twice? Is she that better than me? Was that a text from him?’ Sophia felt a sense of loss at these thoughts, jealous even as she imagined Max expressionless face breaking a smile as he teased Kats tits.

’Don’t give up Sophy, you can’t give up just like that.’

...

Oblivious to the thoughts of those at the opposite side of the screen. Max soon felt an attentive gaze on him. Turning to glance at his next desk neighbor, the chubby ebony transfer student, he traced her gaze down to the abnormal bulge through his trousers.

Staring at it, he kept silent for a few moments.

’Right, I didn’t have to worry about this before.’

Acting unnoticed to her gaze, the next teacher came in.

(Social Studies) It was taught by a slender latina lady who was very jovial and easy to communicate with, Miss Eva. Not long after she came in the class quickly became free, the atmosphere loosening. Some laughed a bit, and some finally got to exchange conversation with Audrey. Using fawning smiles while hiding their lustful attraction to the massive weight she carried on her chest.

"Max?" Shortly after she called, bringing the whole class to a sudden silence as they all turned towards him.

In the midst of the atmosphere however, he composedly answered her questions, his tone showing no interest in giving practical examples.

"- that’s very much on point." After a brief moment of surprise, she let go of the breath she had been holding.

Audrey also turned to glance at him. As for the rest of the class, they shared similar understanding gazez their thoughts unspoken.

’You know so much about socialism yet remain the only stone in class.’

And that was it, the whole class resumed their vibing till the class ended.

Then school, after three minutes of waiting behind. He left in his car, driving off with a steady pace while the others zoomed past him like usual.

Getting to the estate, while passing by Mrs Dalia Duplex he noticed the driveway where he parked her SUV was now empty.

’At least that’s a good sign, she must have recovered and resumed work maybe.’ With a second glance at the duplex though. ’Wait... if her mother was all groggy yesterday, then her school bus also ended handicapped. She was unable to go to school yesterday.’ Feeling youthful glee, he imagined his Mexican neighbor daughter’s face taking a grumpy look.

’Good for her- wait, isn’t not going to school a good thing?’ Mentally facepalming, he drove through the Hallway and stepped out of the car after turning off its engine.

However, his stomach just happened to release a low grumble. Remembering him of the few slices of bread he ate this morning only to end up playing two straight matches.

’Throwing a quick glance around the empty house, he dialed on the estate’s fast food service. Sleeping not long after he was done with it.

As the sunset in the sky that evening, he woke up feeling refreshed and his brain cogs more active than usual.

’It is time .’ he thought briefly before his whole room turned dark then illuminated with a colorful green light.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56: -Blackmailing the Principal -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was time to get into a serious hacking mode.

Blackmailing the Principal of Elite Metropolitan High, a school attended by scions from influential families and heirs to global companies was no joke. To keep his identity from being exposed he had to be guarded against other hackers if hired to track him down.

As the bright bright screen of his PC reflected against his face, a combination of distinct click clack sounds could be heard inside his room.

It took Max about thirty minutes to finally create the IP address he wanted, and that was only about the first step. He also had to spend about a hundred thousand dollars to subscribe for premium anti-tracking codes. Then a few set up after that, he cloned his IP address using VPN, about a thousand of it, logged in to various sites at different locations across the globe. Later disabling the real one, he kept it solely active for one purpose.

’Done.’

Click!

Max exhaled with a look of relief, staring at the screen with a genuine look of satisfaction.

Now he was going to start his blackmail.

...

Meanwhile in a faraway place, within the luxurious interior of a big modern mansion. A family was quietly having their dinner.

One, two, three... There were six people in total. One older man who seemed to be in his sixties sat on the host seat. To his right, an extremely beautiful woman with a bewitching figure that would probably make some men cum just from fascinating,sat. Looking to be in her mid thirties.

To the left another composed beautiful woman sat quietly eating her food, but with no less attractive figure than her sister who sat opposite her. Just that her’s was hidden.

The rest of the seats on the left side was empty, quite contradicting to the opposite row which had two youths, boy and girl, then a fat pot bellied man filling them.

If Max was here,the only person he would find unfamiliar was the man in his sixties.

Elite Metropolitan true upper echelons.

"Mia, how have things been going on your end?" The man asked, his aged husky voice breaking the delicate atmosphere surrounding the dinning.

"Oh dad, you know I can’t possibly tell you that here." The bewitching woman by his right responded, her voice rich and compelling.

But the old man seemed unaffected and silently nodded while casting a brief glance at the other occupant around the dining table.

"Scarlet?" Raising his brows at the woman on his left.

With a forced smile, the woman Scarlet raised her head and said...

"Still the usual, but they’ve tamed down lately." Hiding the fact that the camera she had stationed was repeatedly being hacked. She shook her head approvingly and the old man calmly shifted to his two grandchild.

"Cassandra? Maximus?" His voice softening, he called out.

Earning a glance from the two twins.

"We are ok grandfather." The girl responded, earning a nod from her brother.

But the woman called Mia defensively responded...

"Do you expect them to be ok after repeatedly rejecting their request to join the school you own?"

There was brief silence after that, the old man chose not to respond. Instead he turned towards the pot bellied fat man.

"How’s the management going?" The old man, his eyes showing no hint of familiarity to the other.

"Very good Mr Williams." The pot bellied man who was also the principal of Elite Metropolitan High, responded with a flattery tone to his father in-law.

"Hmmm." The old man nodded, satisfied with his response.

(Ahhh!)

Just then a light gasping moan was heard, incredibly loud. Everyone looked frozen and they all turned to look at the fat man, who was currently looking mortified. Several thoughts running through his head about his erroneous mistake.

’Fuck, fuck. I checked on it to make sure it was silent mode. I should have turned on airplane mode too.’

"I deeply apologize!" Shouting apologetically, the fatty hurriedly went on his knees and bowed.

Whilst the old man glanced at him before standing up and quietly left. But he remained in the same position. A few moments later the other two women stood and left. Then the two sophomore youths.

"Fuck which bastard was it." Cursing as he scurried to his room, he quickly turned on the screen and swiped it- only to almost fall from the abrupt halt he made.

His heart ceased beating, pupils widening. The already quiet hallway of the mansion turned still in silence.

...

"And there you go." Max muttered in peak excitement doing what he knew best

Click!

He successfully sent half of the videos he had of the Principal, including that of the Social Studies Teacher who called him out today.

She had been giving social counseling to the Principal in private and he wasn’t interested in sticking down his dick where the man already dug, so...

(You like what you see?) Max texted.

Meanwhile on the other end, the Principal’s heart almost leaped out his throat.

(You like what you see?)

Staring at the text, he gave the hall a quick survey and rushed out of the mansion. Who knew if his insidious in-laws were currently monitoring him.

...

(What do you want?)

About a minute later Max received a response, staring at the bright screen a small smile crept his lips.

’Sounding so bold huh?’

Unfortunately Max wasn’t going to buy it.

(Do you know what’s going to happen if I expose those?

Let me guess...

Your school’s reputation gets ruined...

I heard you married into your wife’s family?

As an Elite of the society, what do you think your fate is going to be?

Oh... It isn’t about what I want... it is about what you are willing to do to save yourself?)

Cold sweat soaked the Principal’s back upon reading it...

(What do you think about my recent collection?) With two attached photos to it, the Principal’s heart shook even more. It was a picture of a man in nothing but a boxer and a woman wearing turtleneck top but her two extremely massive breasts had slipped out.

Truly his recent collection.

...

( I’ll give you anything you want. What do you want me to do?)

Right now the thought of the blackmailer being a student had been completely extinguished. Instead he envisioned it was some other Elite school that had targeted him using the same person that had broken into his office last week and outright took a photo of him.

(A list of all the Teachers, and what you have against them.

Oh... I heard about your new BS Teacher. I want her specifically, everything you have on her that is.)

’As expected.’ Reading the new text all over and over again, the Principal’s palpating heart receded. There was no other doubt in his mind. Since the other end didn’t request for money, instead about infos regarding the Teachers, it meant they obviously wanted to snatch them using what he had against them.

.

(I’ll send everything tomorrow before 12pm.)

Max read the Principal’s response.

’Still more wins on my part.’ Imagining the BS Teacher’s face, a rare smile appeared on his face as he rubbed his shoulders.

’Miss Rose should be no problem.’

’One more thing.’

...

(Your next would be sent to your wife on no negotiating terms.)

Just as he was about to release a relieved breath..

The dimming screen lit up again. Afterwards, the sound of stomping feets on the ground followed.

"Fuck you!" the Principal cursed in regret.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57: -Are you Home Alone?-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

To Max, thursday came earlier than expected.

His late night chat with Miss Linda, despite not having much content to it, had robbed two hours of his night time. Breaking his one year schedule.

Waking this morning he found himself wondering if getting into a relationship was really a good thing. Fortunately they decided to fix their date for next week, and also be careful not to compromise their relationship.

As a student dating a teacher would be treated as a huge scandal.

Things went fine, as agreed he acted like usual when she came during Biology period. And she surprisingly didn’t glance at him-too much.

Under the influence of Audrey, the new transfer student who sat next to him. The whole class had become more sociable. With him being the only exception.

For that, Audrey got even more curious about him but surprisingly didn’t try to start up a conversation, while keeping in mind what she had seen the previous day.

During break he withheld from going to the Cafeteria, although he was no longer the trend due to the Ghost Stallion who triumphed in the field yesterday. He wanted to avoid the probability of being recognized.

"Here, I brought you this."

Surprisingly as he gazed at the clear sky through the window lost in his own thoughts. Someone tapped him. Glancing to see a box of milk on his desk, he turned to his side and made an appreciative nod at the chubby girl. Deciding not to say a word as he was timing the effect of his Mr Mystery ability. ’Silence is Seduction.’

Afterwards he kept it in his backpack.

For the first time in two weeks, he didn’t have to suppress a tent or the silent pain of his dick struggling against the fabric of his clothes.

School was dismissed and he was back home.

After a quick shower, he turned off the lights in his room and switched on his PC. Logging into the cloned IP address he created, he saw the received file. (20 GB) In total.

To his surprise, the Principal had more side chicks than he expected. Most of the teachers from first Senior Year had been subdued by him. Three among the second senior year.

And surprisingly one from the third year. Excluding Miss Rose.

’It’s because his wife is more attentive to what’s going on in the third year than the rest of the school.’ Of course he knew why but Max decided to hold back that part of his thoughts for now.

Miss Elina- the new Business Studies Teacher and Miss Rose the teacher who had the most massive tits of all.

He brought out both of their files, including what the Principal had against them.

Miss Rose. He had been admiring her breasts for two years, repeatedly complimenting her about it. Until recently she had agreed to let him feel them. He scheduled it to be after school, in his office.

Though it was barely convincing, Max felt fortunate that he had been taxed by the System to prevent that.

Miss Elina was quite special though. The principal wrote that she was owing a familiar friend of his a big deal of cash. She had the brains, and since Elite Metropolitan paid high. They both struck a deal. In passing he could try having Miss Elina to himself.

’Owing huh?’ His eyes gleamed with intelligence as he came up with an idea.

’Two in the bag already.’

Exiting the IP address after it showed all the files had been transferred to the flashdrive, he moved on to check the school’s forum then exited a moment later.

...

Finally it was Friday, the last day of the school week and the one that usually held the most drama.

Fortunately and unfortunately for Max nothing went down. Other than the increasingly curious stare he was receiving from his next desk mate, he occasionally caught her staring at his groin area without her noticing.

Oh, there was also a new update to the latest trend. Audrey had gotten famous after a guy from Class 2 came to check her out, only to get rejected from sitting on the same table as her in the cafeteria. Her current fame had outshined his other personnel- The Ghost Stallion.

Miss Elina, the new BS Teacher also came today.

(Business- Studies) Surprisingly she seemed to be keen on getting on his toes more than last time . Calling him up to answer several questions which he did and always seemed to spike her. He merely observed her while he thought to himself.

’We’ll see.’

Minutes later, they were done with the last lesson of the week.

The whole batch of students dismissed with happy goodbyes.

He got home, took a bath and slept off until it was evening. Check-in into the Forum again, he saw he had one private mention linking to a new inbook on his profile.

Seeing this a quick smile engulfed his face. At the ID of the sender.

It was an asian girl in a gothic dress. Her lips were black and her long hair was more striking.

(Hi) It read, with a devil emoji.

Purposely leaving it on read, he waited about thirty minutes before replying.

(Hello) He sent back with no emoji.

(Are you that busy to leave my message on read for thirty minutes before responding?) she sent.

’It worked?’ Reading the text twice, Max raised his brows in surprise.

And yet before he could reply, he received another straight forward text.

(You see it took me hours searching for you...

Did you really read that?) her words seemed curious, bold without sounding cunning.

(Ahhh..."

"Yesss..."

Her soft erotic moans resonated through the spacious room, gripping tighter onto the sheets...) he replied shortly not bothering to distinguish his words.

(Wow! You really did!) She sent with a crazy looking emoji.

Texting again before he could reply...

(So you’re the silent but crazy type? Just like me?) With a sly smirking emoji to it.

Staring at her profile, he waited a moment before texting back.

(Not gothic, buh yeah. I am more of a genius than you are.) Max texted back.

(Hehehe, First time I’m hearing someone say that to my face. I like you.😏)

(Congrats. I don’t.) Max replied.

(Ok then, if you’re so good and mighty as you think, why don’t you suggest something crazier then. If I have done it before you lose. If I haven’t we’ll try it.)

’We’ll try it.’ Of course he knew what those words meant.

(Sure. I’ll text you next Thursday when I have come up with something insane.) Max texted back.

(Good.) She replied.

Smirking at the screen, he logged out of the forum without replying.

...

Sure enough, on the other end of the screen. In a dark bedroom with gothic decorations, sex toys littering the floor of it. A girl in black long nightgown stared anticipatingly at the screen of her phone, illuminating her pale skin.

One... two... three... as minutes passed by, the online icon of the person she texted last never turned back on.

"He’s really crazy..." she muttered with evident surprise.

...

Saturday.

"Hello Max... are you home alone?"

’Shit’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58: -Comforting Mrs Dalia -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Saturday.

"Fuck no."

The wind pushed away the curtains, letting in the bright light from the sunrise outside.

’What time is it? 10, 11?’ Max queried his thoughts, raising his palm to block out the bright light. As he stared at his room with a strange look in his eyes, then suddenly coming to realize where he was.

Raising the sheets, he glanced down at his other counterpart in its morning glory form. Also taking note of the fact it never rose like that in the past few days.

Getting up from the end, he threw a casual look to where his PC was before stepping outside.

Taking a quick peek at where his sister’s fluffy slippers usually sat he saw that they were not there. Meaning she hadn’t been home for about two days.

With a quick nodd, he silently wandered around the empty house. Ordering breakfast and calling home the estate’s dry cleaning service to deal with his laundry. Technically everything one needed to stay indoor was being provided by the estate so there was no need to step outside.

He had long since gotten used to the loneliness and already scheduled his whole day for gaming, only that he was being tempted by the thoughts of calling over Sophia.

’Well I should get over this.’

But just then...

Ding! Dong!

"..."

A still silence proceeded to take over his mind, revealing a doubtful expression

Ding! Dong!

The bell came again.

’Who could it possibly be?’

Taken by surprise, he silently strutted down the stairs. Refusing to glance at the door room camera in order not to kill his curiosity.

’Sophia?’ Her name hung on his mind at the thought she was the only person who could possibly pay him a visit considering she knew his address.

And then he pulled open the door, only to be welcomed by a familiar sweet scent that triggered several memories in his head.

It was Mrs Dalia. She was wearing loose gray sweatpants. A long open front cardigan with a singlet that temptingly expressed how big and firm her boobs still was with two poking points underneath.

Visibly noticing his accessing gaze, her breath hung slightly.

"... Hello Max." she said.

"...Good day Mrs Dalia." Max responded, pulling the door wider out of formality with a come in gesture.

Expecting a ’no thanks’ reply.

But Mrs Dalia gave a low nodd in response, rubbing her arm slightly as if to ward off cold, then stepped through the door.

’Huh?’ Though he was taken by surprise, Max’s expression remained neutral as his eyes followed her. Closing the door after she came in, he then turned to face her, keeping his eyes solely on her face.

"I trusted him... I really trusted him thinking I could find love again or give my daughter a father she never had." There was an abrupt 180 degree change in the air as she bursted out with teary eyes, sobbing insistently afterwards for the next ten seconds . While he wondered how to react to the situation after having realized what she meant.

’Fuck me, she knows she was drugged by that fucker and think I saved her? I hope so. Now am I supposed to hug? It’s gonna be strange if she remembers what we did that night. She came here for comfort so I should give her that.’ Failing to put in the grand picture, his thoughts hung on if she remembered what happened that night. Then with a few inward struggles. He took a step forward and wrapped her in a silent embrace, muffling her sobs as she pressed her head into his shoulders.

Her breasts pressed tight against his chest, making him feel her nipples through his own singlet.

For about two minutes, they kept themselves in the same position all alone in the grand house.

As her quiet sobs subsided, he softly patted her shoulders, wanting to divert his thoughts from the awakening dragon from it’s slumber.

"It’s ok Mrs Dalia, it wasn’t your fault..." These were the only comforting words he could find that wouldn’t link to the topic he wanted to avoid.

After about fifteen seconds, her sobs had completely receded. Disengaging from his shoulders, they separated just a few inches away then she stared into his eyes.

"Thank you Max... If it wasn’t for you, I don’t know what would have happened. Talia said you brought me home... Thanks." With that she pressed into him, unexpectedly locking him in a tight close hug as silence befell the atmosphere.

Feeling her squishy milf boobs against his chest, he held back from reciprocating and instead let her have her fill.

10 seconds later she was done, as if having sensed his hardened dick in his short pants, there was momentary silence.

Taking a step back, she folded her arms close to her chest and turned to take a quick glance around the house.

’Fuck!’ Max meanwhile cursed at the sight of her arms crossed, making her chest protrude more.

"... Are you home alone?" He heard her say, realizing how unusually empty and unused the whole house seemed.

"Yesss." He replied shortly, stopping his gaze from accessing her figure.

"And your sister?" She asked shortly, glancing to see him give a negative nod.

"No she isn’t." Max replied.

"Then you must be so lonely here... You know, if you want company, you can always come over to my place, Talia won’t bother you."

"And also..." taking a silent pause, the look in her eyes changed to that of a sultry one as she turned to him.

Filling the atmosphere with seductive tension.

She took one step closer to him. Staring straight into his eyes. He watched the open front cardigan she wore slip from her arms. Exposing her tan skin.

Raising her hands, she slipped up the singlet, flinging it to the side. Two big succulent, milf tits jiggled, then settled. Their two pointy tips pointing towards him as she loosened the draw sting of the loose pant she wore, making it fall effortlessly.

Presenting a glorious sight.

"... I want to properly thank you for saving me."

..

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59: -Home- Alone With Mrs Dalia [I want to thank you]***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"... I want to properly thank you for saving me."

Her seductive figure was left bare and unclad before him. As she left down every piece of attire she once wore.

Bewitched by the blood boiling sight, Max let his eyes wander as her words continuously echoed in his ear, moving more blood to his groin region.

He stared at Mrs Dalia. Left speechless, he felt himself slowly losing touch with his sanity.

Her upper body was mid built, with two big but firm breasts at the same time. However, her waist slimmed down, then her hips came out curvaceously to form an hourglass figure.

In between her legs, he saw it, cleanly shaped and inviting.

’Fuck!’

"Hmmmm" the next instant her ceasing moan rang through the air.

One step, one step was all it took Max to lock her into a tight embrace. Pressing his lips against hers as they locked in a heated lustful passion, causing Mrs Dalia to moan from his hand tightly gripping her waist.

Smooch! Smooch!... He had already sucked her tongue twice but Max appeared restless. Both insistent, as he grabbed her by the waist she leaped and crossed her legs around his waist. Using her two hands to hold his face closer to hers while his two hands lowered and grabbed her ass. Squeezing them tight as he held her up.

"Mmmmh! Mmmmm! Mmmmh!" She breathlessly moaned like a beast in heat, locking his lips in hers as they both sucked their tongues, exchanging salivas.

"Mmmmh!" As she moaned, Max managed to slip down his shorts releasing the raging dragon that slammed against her ass.

"Mmmmh!" Mrs Dalia moaned.

Moving to lay her on the long couch, her legs still wrapped tightly around him made them both fall instead. Hitting the cushion with a collapse, they both began a power struggle.

"Ahhhh!" Suddenly he bit her neck, causing her to jerk upward and release a gasping moan.

Seeing she was yet to recover, he took the opportunity and grabbed both of her soft bouncy tits. Latching his mouth on it the next moment. He brought his face between them, pinching the other nipple as he sucked on the other.

"Ahhh... Ahhhhhhh!" Mrs Dalia moaned, but then her hands moved to slip up his shirt, flinging it away as they were both left bare. Skin to skin, her body squirmed under the immense pleasure.

"Fuck me." She managed to say, a sultry smile playing on her lips as she released hold of his waist.

Having broken contact with her two breasts, he stared silently at for a moment, enjoying the view of her seductive body, then grabbed both of her legs. Spreading them wider, he positioned himself between them. Holding his cock over and teasingly inserted the plump tip between her wet slit.

"Ahhhhh...hhhhh!" Mrs Dalia gasped, wanting to slip back his dick back inside her. But he held on to her and playfully inserted the tip back inside.

As the walls of her pussy tried to squeeze him tight within, he quickly withdrew, making her to squirm and buckle in bliss.

She sent her other hand wanting to slip back his dick, but he similarly caught it. Now her two hands were in his grip, he used his elbow to hold back her hips from locking him.

Noticing her failed attempts, her closed eyes in bliss shut open.

She saw his cock, half covered in her wetness, rigid and stiff, as he slowly brought it down and inserted it inside her pussy.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!" Her lungs itched, sparse of air, her body succumbed to the overwhelming pleasure. Max pistol with force, letting his cock sabotage her inner walls. Squeezing past their tightness, he slammed deep sending a wave of frenzied bliss through her as firm breasts shook from the tremor of his thrust alone.

Kpa! The sound was melodious and satisfying.

Feeling the walls of her inner sanctum wrapped tightly around his thrust . A burst of bliss followed.

"Argh" he groaned as he mounted her, burying every inch of his cock inside her. He left in for a moment then withdrew again slamming it deep inside her.

"Yesssss." Mrs Dalia moaned, quivering as every extra plump flesh of her body trembled.

At the sight of her breasts quaking from his thrust, Max withheld from wanting to squeeze them instead held her two arms tighter as he sent another thrust inside.

"Hmmmm. Yesss , Max fuck me harder." Her voice was sultry and seductive, the last push he needed.

He released hold of her hands and raised her left leg up above his shoulders. He felt her hands move to place his dick at her entrance.

"Hmmmm, yessss Max. Hmmm,"

"Ahhhhh!" He thrusted inside her.

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa! His thrust became insistent and furious, pressing her to the couch, he held her legs tighter and continued thrusting.

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!

As the arousing sound resounded, she appeared to be holding back her moan by gritting her teeth while her expression remained that of ecstasy.

"Yesssss- fuck me more!" She shouted, using the rebound of his thrust to meet his next. Whilst her breasts kept on bouncing.

"Ahhhhhhhhh!" Suddenly he felt her pussy walls squeeze tighter around his cock then released a warm white nectar that lubricated it.

"Hmmmmm" she moaned as he kept thrusting.

"Are you going to keep fucking me like a Stallion- Mmmmmmmmm" she bit her lips seductively, using her other hand to rub her clit too.

"Ahhhhhh!" Her moaning peaked as he continued striking her with powered thrust.

Strangely, Max felt drawn to speak. Staring at her provoking smile.

"Take this"

"Ahhhh!" She almost slipped from the couch from receiving his thrust.

"Ahhh...hhhhh!" She released a louder moan than before and he felt another flow of her nectar warming his cock inside her once more. But this time, as he made to continue striking.

"Hmmmm... stop" she said, hurriedly managing to slip his dick out with a thin of her orgasm connecting them.

In his confusion however, she sat and pushed him to sit on the couch instead.

"You know Max, I feel so insulted that you haven’t cummed yet.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60: -Home- Alone With Mrs Dalia [I need a favour from you...]***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Argh" A thick groan escaped his throat as he watched his seductive nude neighbor walk forward and straddle him on the couch in his own home.

"Ahhhhhh!" Her moan also peaked burying his whole length beneath her, as she sat on him.

...

Although placing the hand of her neighbor’s seventeen year old son around her ass while he forcefully grabbed it, did feel Taboolicious... His dick against the walls of her pussy didn’t make her think so.

"I’m going to ride you Stallion." She said with a blissful look on her face.

In response, Max had nothing to say. His mouth was already filled with her soft firm big tits. He tried to lactate her once more.

Pinching and sucking both boobs until he was Interrupted.

Groaning in response as she slammed her booby ass down on him. The walls of pussy squeeze, rubbing him of all of his strength at this moment.

Bliss was the only thing he felt.

As if that wasn’t enough, she forced her bouncing tits closer to his face. Suffocating him with their plumpness. His hold of her ass became tighter.

"Argh" Max groaned.

Kpa!

She rose again slamming the weight of her whole body against while her pussy dealt with cock in a devastating manner.

The bliss was peak, Max found his head quickly turning woozy from it.as his hands weakly detached from her ass. Even the couch quaked in response to the ride she was giving him.

Soon he felt her hot lustful breath against him. She bent her head,her arms locked around his shoulders as she slowly sat up, making sure his cock traced the edge of her pussy on its exit before locking lips with him.

Regaining the feeling of his arms, he tried to wrap them around her waist but failed as she was too big for him.

"Ahhhhhhhhh!" Mrs Dalia moaned, feeling the tip of his cock crash, failing to locate her pussy slit, then sat upright and placed it right. Sitting on it as he was quickly welcomed in her slippery warmth. She rocked her waist once more leaving him helpless just like that night in her vehicle. Her shaky thick ass crashed against his laps, producing an erotic Kpa! sound.

Whilst her tongue wandered his mouth with new resolve.

They were both locked in a heated kiss as she rocked him.

"Hmmmmm... yessssss... hmmmmm!"

"You’ve got such a big dick that I couldn’t resist coming to taste it one more time... yesssssssss!" As she started picking her pace, her breasts and ass quaking each time she humped him, he heard her say in a sultry manner, breaking the kiss to stare into his eyes. Which seemed to have pictured her scheme.

"Clever right... Hmmm... yesss." In response to his silence, she flung her hair sexily and wrapped her arms around him tighter.

Kpa! was produced as she sat on him burying every inch of his cock inside her.

"Hmmmmm " she breathed heavily, closing her eyes in pleasure.

Meanwhile...

’Fuck! I should have realized sooner. She tricked my hospitality.’ Max thought finding himself too helpless to respond. It wasn’t that he was purposefully keeping silent to her words but that his body was expressing so much pleasure at the same time that he completely gave up on controlling them .

Mrs Dalia’s firm big breasts were pressing hard against his chest, her tongues having just wandered his mouth. Her waist rocked, slamming down on his dick while he felt her shaky thick ass quake in response.

Total bliss and pleasure, there was no stopping it.

She continued riding him for the next ten minutes. The empty house was now filled with slapping sounds of her ass against him, mixed with her ecstasied moans while Max stifled his groans.

"Hmmm... yesss... hmmm."

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!..."

Suddenly the speed at which she slammed hard on him increased.

Forced to bear the weight of it all, rested her bosoms on his face, and pushed his head into them.

He felt her body buckle, then a patient in seizure. She trembled heavily as her pupils rolled leaving her eyes white.

"Yessssssss!" She shouted before falling on his body, slamming down on him hard as he felt a heavy flush of her nectar drown his cock.

At the feel of it, Max closed his eyes, inhaling a deep breath.

"Cum inside me." He heard her whisper to his ears with fatigue, and then he totally lost it.

An accumulated wave of semen he had never felt before was instantly released deep inside her. Mixing with her own juice.

Overwhelmed by pleasure, she made no attempt to climb off his body. So they both remained glued together enjoying their silence and comfort.

By now his dick slimmed down to it’s kitten harmless form, just right outside her pussy and covered in both of their liquid

From seconds, minutes passed. Enjoying the warmth their stark naked body provided. He could feel her heartbeat and she could sense his.

"Max?" She called softly to his ears, while he answered with a "Hmm?" In response, not wanting to speak.

"... I need a favour from you." Disabling the feel of her big firm bobbies from him, she sat upright on his lap. Her knees straddle close to his waist and stared into his eyes. Intently into his eyes not affected by the position they both currently shared.

"... I want you to teach Talia how to drive. If you don’t mind, possibly tomorrow." She said with an expecting look in her eyes.

"Sure." Max responded after a short pause. Thinking to himself if the rude girl knew what her mother was planning for her.

"Thanks." revealing a bright smile.

Smooch! She held his face and pressed a tight kiss against his mouth. Her tongue wandered for a moment but then withdrew. With a valiant look in her eyes.

Unstrapping herself from his body as she stood up from his body.

" What a Stallion." She commented briefly, audible enough for him to hear and then dropped on her knees.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61: Home Alone With Mrs Dalia
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

She knelt before him. Staring up at him provoking and seductively at the same time before holding up his limp brother and popped it inside her mouth.

Slurp! She sucked on the limp thick worm. Inhaling a mouthful of air and puffed her saliva on it before kissing the tip.

Slurp!

Having sucked off the slimy liquid, she brought it out with her tongue again and lubricated his limp member.

Slurp!

"Mmmmh!" She inhaled, wanking it inside her mouth before pulling it out again.

Slurp!

By the time she popped it inside her mouth for the fourth time Following a thorough suck off his dick. The limp thing started raising slowly, steadily regaining hardness and erection like a new breath of life had been bestowed upon it.

Truly fascinating.

Mrs Dalia watched it slowly rise with pride in her eyes.

And then about a few seconds later, some bit of rigidity had been regained.

Staring at his revitalized cock, she moved her face closer to gobble it. Slipping it slowly across her tongue. She gobbled the whole length down to its base as her lips latched tightly around it.

"Argh" Max groaned, feeling pleasure.

But apparently this was only the beginning.

She exited.

Slurp!

She brought her tongue to his tip instead, hungrily licking it as her head bumped up and down on his shaft.

He felt her tease him, by now the full rigidity of his shaft had recovered.

Slurp! "Mmmmmmmmm !" She slurped it once more while inhaling a deep erotic breath afterwards.

"Argh" a thick groan escaped his throat as he felt a sudden wave of pleasure hit him.

"Ar&$&$-#-_#!" Making a bunch of incomprehensible words. He glanced to see Mrs Dalia had deepthroated him. Licking the base of his cock as his precum slipped out of her mouth mixed in her saliva.

"Mmmmmm!"

"Ar+&$&&$$$!" Followed by gagging sounds, the veins around her neck began to pop.

"Fuck!" Max found himself cursing, unable to hold to the bliss any longer and pressed her head to swallow every possible remaining inch of him.

Wallowing in the sloppy depth and warmth of her throat, he felt nothing but peak bliss rattling his whole body system.

"A&&#&+-#$!" She gagged once more, moving her head to reveal the whole length of him that had been buried inside her pussy minutes ago now experiencing the depth of her throat.

Whilst excess traces of his semen and her saliva were left on his dick.

She made no intent to clean it or wipe the drool on her chin. Tying her hair band instead. She gave a slurry smile and turned her back towards Max.

He stared at her well proportioned and bubble ass for a moment before realizing what she was about to do.

She squatted down on his lap, aligning her back to his chest while she moved her hands to grab the couch rest beside his shoulders.

While her slimy cum filled pussy was resting just right above his cock waiting for him to strike up from beneath.

Kpa!

The sound was erotic, creating a shock through her system. His cock plunged deep inside her slimy pussy. Sending her jolting upward, as her breasts and ass trembled.

"Yesssssssss!" She moaned loudly. Closing her eyes in endless bliss as she awaited his second thrust.

Kpa!

Her breasts shook, jolting sides way from his thrust.

"Ahhhh- I want to feel you deep inside - Mmmmmmmmm!"

Having gotten a sling of the new position they were in, his next came more swiftly than the last knocking the words out of her throat. Her grip on the couch tightened feeling every inch of him ravage fill the depth of her fuck hole.

"Yess Max - Mmmmm!" Her words were interrupted by his thrust once more.

Arching his waist upward, he positioned himself closer and began thrusting faster.

Soon afterwards, her erratic breaths played in the air, an erotic melody.

Her abruptly cut moans each time he thrusted into her served as a fuel to the burning lost within him. Raising the pleasure he felt why she squirmed and continued shaking from the tremor of his thrust.

He could feel it, the walls of her pussy w clenching tighter around his shaft. His balls were also swelling, about to release another load of cum.

"Ahhhh!" She stopped and then let her weight sink him down. Halting his thrust by sitting on his lap.

"Mmmmm!" Feeling his cock buried underneath her, she inhaled before standing to adjust slightly. She didn’t sit back right away and began to roll her waist, shaking her ass perhaps. He couldn’t really tell because her whole body moved as one anyway.

"Ahhhhh" he felt her legs buckle, collapsing on him. His own orgasm was also triggered.

Upon her climax he felt his dick being absorbed by a tide of liquid as it turned limp once more.

"Mmmmmmmmm!" She inhaled weakly.

Despite the fact that her bare seductive body was pressing against him, and her two boobs were defenseless if he began his assault. He lacked the strength to grope them.

Like the previous time, they laid in the same manner for a while and eventually fell to sleep on the couch. His smaller frame wrapped in hers. It was like feeling his mother’s warmth once again.

...

Meanwhile just up the stairs, on the lounge, a figure slowly slid to the floor. Her fingers covered in her own orgasm from watching their neighbor ride her brother while he ruthlessly slammed into her.

Though she had been spotted by the woman at some point, they woman smiled and pressed her brother’s face between her breasts. Making more erotic moans as if making jest of her. With this ’ I am helping you use something you don’t actually know it’s value ’ look . At some point she felt dejected loss with her. But soon it was drowned in the lust that awakened after that.

’Just how?’ Her brain failed to comprehend how he had gotten to fuck that beautiful woman with a figure much attractive than hers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62: -Driving Lesson-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Waking up, Max immediately noticed the absence of the warmth and plumpness that had once enveloped him. Grumbling, he rubbed his eyes and glanced down at his stark naked body. With a confused frown, he sat up, silently scanning for his clothes. Thankfully, they were placed, or rather, dumped, on the couch.

Squeezing his face into a deeper frown, he took in his surroundings, slowly pulling on his shorts as a dull pang throbbed in his head.

’Huh? So that’s what happened.’

As memories of last night with Mrs. Dalia resurfaced, his brows furrowed, then slowly relaxed.

’How long was I out? She is probably long gone by now.’ With that thought, he began , rubbing his forehead.

But just as he was about to move, the sound of dragging footsteps reached his ears. His body tensed, and his gaze snapped toward the lounge.

Though relieving his alarmed heart, he was left confused by the sight of his sister gazing down at him with surprise etched on her face. Far from her usually cold look, she actually turned and scurried away.

’Uh?’

Unable to tell what was wrong, he glanced down at his clothes, confusedly- only to realize a moment later.

’Wait- wasn’t she away earlier?’ He then thought back to her missing fluffy slippers from where she usually kept them, his adventure with Mrs Dalia- and how they both slept on the couch bare.

’Also- those loud screams... did she hear them?’ at these thoughts, his head lost all of its functioning ability. As blank as a white sheet, he glanced at the lounge , the exact spot his sister stood before scurrying back.

Then it clicked...

’Her reaction- no wonder.’

’Let’s just say she never heard most of it.’ with that he went up to his room wanting to have a fresh bath before pondering on anything else.

...

The last day of the weekend arrived.

"Ding! Dong!"

Max, dressed in a fresh pair of shorts and a shirt, strode down the stairs. A little sense of premonition in his heart at who it was as he reached for the door.

’As expected.’

"Hi." ." A short nervous greeting reached him.

Standing right outside the door was Talia.

For a moment Max wondered why he hadn’t thought of ignoring the bell first. At least on her first five tries like she had done to him.

"Hm." He gave a curt nod, his gaze flickering down at her outfit.

She was wearing a less baggy shirt than her usual, covering up just her ass. The denim bum shorts she wore could be well seen, leaving her slender thighs exposed. And a pair of pink fluffy slippers on her feets.

Surprisingly, after noticing his surveying eyes. There was no hint of disdain in her eyes like she always did.

Instead appearing to have purposefully held back.

"My mom said it would be around the estate, so I dressed like this." she muttered, as if in explanation. Then, without further delay, she stretched out her hand. "Here. Her car key."

Thud.

The door shut in her face.

"Rude bitch."

Max stood there for five seconds before pulling the door open again. Without a word, he grabbed the key from her hand and walked off toward the SUV parked at the next building.

...

"This is... " He started.

"Oh, thanks. I read all about that." She cut him off mid-sentence, casually adjusting her seatbelt.

’Right, you aren’t that dumb to not have looked it up.’

"Well then, why don’t you take the steering wheel yourself?" he shot back, voice laced with sarcasm. Turning to her, he raised both hands in mock surrender, a cold frown settling on his face.

Silence...

She looked like she wanted to argue, but in the end, she simply tossed her hair back with a flick of her fingers and folded her arms across her chest, unknowingly pressing them together, making the outline of her bra more noticeable.

Great.

"Pervert." She muttered, feeling his gaze settle on her chest.

`Shit. I fucked up.’

He wanted to facepalm but instead just sighed.

"Yeah? And you’re still stuck on something that happened years ago?" He raised a brow, daring her to continue.

"You’re the pervert! Who the hell sneaks up on someone changing their swimsuit?" She shot back, wide-eyed, tilting her head in a challenging ’Yeah, explain that’ gesture.

Intrigued in his heart, Max let his gaze sweep over her before shaking his head.

"Come on... you were just a kid back then. You didn’t even have these." Max’s voice was casual, but the lazy wave of his hand, gesturing vaguely at her chest and thighs, made his words land differently.

Silence.

Talia’s breath hitched. Her eyes widened, shock flashing across her face before being quickly replaced by something darker. Her jaw tightened as if she wanted to bite out a response, but her lips only parted slightly before pressing into a firm line. "What... what do you mean?"

The moment the question left her mouth, red spread across her skin. The blush creeping up her neck deepened as she clamped her mouth shut, suddenly self-conscious. Turning away, she sank back into her seat, her arms crossing over her chest as she shifted her gaze to the windshield.

As expected.

Max smirked to himself, though he kept his expression neutral. He feigned a clueless look, watching her from the corner of his eye before shaking his head lightly and gripping the steering wheel again.

’The best way to win an argument with a woman? Turn her own words into compliments.’

He thought to himself as smoothly steered the car forward, allowing the quietness to settle between them.

Neither of them spoke as he began, demonstrating the basics of handling the SUV. Despite it being an automatic, there were some things online tutorials wouldn’t teach her, things she needed to feel out for herself.

As they neared the far end of the estate, Max finally pulled the car to a slow stop and switched seats with her. Talia hesitated for a split second before sliding into the driver’s seat.

Max didn’t say anything, just pulled open the passenger door and settled in. He reclined slightly, his sharp gaze watching her every movement with quiet amusement.

The ignition lights flickered on as the car rumbled to life.

She exhaled sharply, her fingers tightening around the wheel in an inexperienced manner. Max quietly observed her every action.

After a quick double-check, she pressed the accelerator.

The SUV inched forward, slow and careful.

For the next minute, things seemed to be going smoothly, until the car suddenly jerked to a halt.

’Huh?’

Max frowned, glancing at her as she rapidly pressed the ignition button.

Nothing.

Fifteen seconds passed, and the silence in the car grew heavier.

Finally, Talia turned to him, the slightest trace of uncertainty clouding her expression. "Um... can I have your phone?" Her voice was quieter now, almost reluctant. "I need to call my mom." Her fingers twitched slightly in her lap, her confidence from earlier now replaced by a hesitant sort of frustration.

’Okay, so you need my phone, huh?’ Max thought to himself as he reached for his pocket, only to realize he was wearing shorts.

"I don’t have it with me," he replied, gesturing to his empty hands.

Under Max’s lead, they both stepped out of the car. He lifted the bonnet, attempting to check for any visible issues, but the tightly secured lid and firmly locked components made it impossible to tinker with anything. With a sigh, he shook his head and gave up.

Just then...

Pitter-patter! Pitter-patter!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63: -Driving Lesson -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The pattering sounds of rain drops was sudden and unexpected. Glancing up, the once blue clear sky was no more. Instead it was dark gray, thick with ominous foreboding. Sharp lightning arcs raced within it.

Boom! Lightning crackled.

Talia who stood beside him visibly trembled and almost leaped from fear. Whilst he instantly closed the bonnet.

"Get in." He didn’t know when he shouted these words, but Talia did pay heed anyway.

As the heavy droplets began falling without any warning, they both got inside the car.

Thud

Thud

Both doors closed shut with a muffled thud.

But before that, they had already been hit by the sudden droplets.

The side windows were all opened, so they had to let it close first. And when it did, the sound of heavy droplets pattering against the exterior of the SUV and the booming lightning in the sky were instantly annihilated. Drowning the interior of the SUV in still silence as if they had been disconnected from the world.

Finally, they both released their breath, then inhaled the warmth in the air. Slipping on the seat in sync.

’That was close.’

Turning to glance at his neighbor’s daughter, he saw her in daze. Her hands wrapped tight around her chest and uncaring if his eyes wandered to her outlined proportion. Because it did wander.

’What’s up with her.’ he thought to himself. But shook off the thoughts and gazed through the tinted side window instead. Unfortunately he was unable to truly see anything. Adjusting the way he sat, making it to rest his head. He watched the raindrops hit the windshield.

’one... two... three..." until he eventually lost count at one hundred. Though there was nowhere to accurately check time, after about five minutes. The pattering raindrops showed no sign of lessening. Instead the weather outside seemed much more furious than before. And the lightning crackled much louder, to the extent the detached interior of the SUV could not completely shield them from it.

But just then...

"Mm- Max?" A soft cute voice called out to him.

Turning to his side, his brows raised as he turned to face her. Albeit surprised by the way she called him.

"...I’m sorry..." she whispered after a short pause.

But no he wasn’t buying it.

Staring right at her he asked.

"Sorry for what exactly ?"

This time turning to face him fully with faint blush on her cheeks, she responded while avoiding his eyes.

"- my mom, she said you saved her from an extremely bad man who wanted to kill her... Thank you."

"Thank you, for saving her. And I also apologize for hating you all these while. Calling you a pervert too." She muttered, apologetically looking at him with an embarrassed bush.

’Hate?’ Stunned by the height of her dislike for him. He looked at her weirdly and shook his head.

"It’s okay."

’Besides, even if the System didn’t reward me, she already did. But forgiving you though?’

"Thanks." She exhaled with a look of relief. Revealing a bright smile at him afterwards.

’Sure, sure.’ The silence resumed, or was about to, only to be Interrupted by her voice once more.

"I’m feeling cold."

"Sorry." Max replied, not glancing at her.

’Pitter-patter.’ He imagined the sound of the raindrops made on the other side of the windshield. Totally absorbed in it, he was almost unaware of what was heading for him until her shadow collapsed, blocking the light from the other side.

’what the-.’

Grasping the headrest of his seat, Talia had already slipped from the steering and was now trying to mount him, with practiced ease and reflex.

"What are you doing?"

Paying no heeds to his words though, she sat on him staring at his face with a heavy blush clouding her cheeks.

"My mom said if you didn’t accept my apology that I should do this."

As his brain tried to register her words, thinking back to Mrs Dalia. Talia comfortably sat in his lap, facing him. She let go of the headrest, and pulled both of his hands to her chest. Holding his wrist and pressing his palm against her breasts.

Of course, in his dazed state at her words. Upon grasping the familiar feel of what was called breasts. His fingers instinctually latched on them.

Though she was wearing a bra underneath, he managed to grope both hands full of her firm young tits. Massaging them through her bra and clothes. He began pressing them into different shapes.

"Hmmmm!" Talia gasped under his assault.

Feeling both of her nipples being rubbed against the fabric of her bra, tickling bliss flowed through her.

’It is just like mom said... I just need to put his hands on my breasts-’ "-hmmmmm." A breathless moan escaped her lips, hijacking her thoughts. She felt grasp both of her small nipples through the obstruction of her bra.

"Ahhhh-" she moaned again, feeling him squeeze it tight. Her body shuddered from the pleasure.

’No, this isn’t how mom said-’ "Hmmmmh!" ’- I haven’t even locked my lips with him yet-’ "Ahhhh!" Her mouth hung open, releasing a breathless moan as she felt him release and then slipped one hand underneath her cloth, then bra. grabbing her boobs bare. His fingers rubbed her nipples skin to skin. Eliciting tickling sensation through her. Her whole body shuddered, squirming, her pupils almost left her eyes. On the verge of disappearing. She rose from his laps arching her neck upward for more air.

"Ahhhhhhhhh!"

Using the opportunity, he lifted her by her portable soft ass, turned, and pressed against the seat instead.

A reverse in position, her legs then hung around his waist, stretching to rest on the dashboard.

’No, this is not what mom said. He lifted me before I could react, and now- no, no, no not there!-’ "Not there-ahhhhhhh!" she moaned, squirming against his grasp as his other hand that had been massaging her tits bare, slowly traced her belly down to the area between her legs. Then rubbed it through the jeans she wore.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64: -A Little Revenge -*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahhhh-!"

Her mouth hung open, her throat sparse of air. She shuddered then jerked upward.

"Hmmmmm" she inhaled again, this time feeling his other hand raise her shirt a bit and move to cup her boobs underneath her bra. His fingers rubbing against her nipples and squeezing them.

"Mmmmh!" She continued squirming, her breath sounding erotic.

Max rubbed her clit through the jean, and his other hand firmly grabbing her firm soft potable tits at the same time.

For the next thirty seconds her sultry moans filled the SUV interior, isolated from the heavy downpour outside.

And when he felt their lust had built enough momentum to push the next step...

Max halted his act of rubbing her clit,and quickly used his freed hand to blindly search for the seat adjust button. And he did.

Pressing it, the backrest quickly fell backwards causing them to both jerk upward and break their contact.

Using a moment to take in the sight of Talia lying flat with an exposed belly, her two long legs hanging by his side, rested on the dashboard.

His eyes gleamed with appreciation at how delicate and gifted she actually was.

Smooch! Smooch!

Talia on the other hand. Still lost in the cloud of bliss, her whole brain suddenly short-circuited. And her body jerked upward, arching her waist at the same time.

Max didn’t just shift her bra and place his lips before it. His whole mouth opened, swallowing her tip and a mouthful of her firm suppleness. His lips latched tight to her breasts. Twirling his tongue all over with saliva. He inhaled deeply and began french kissing her left mold.

Smooch!

"Hmmmmmmmmmmm !"

His mouth left a striking sound in the air, as he rolled his tongue around her nipples, softly biting her breasts. He drew it up. Sucking it tightly, then releasing it.

The bliss was epic. Her breasts trembled, firmly shaking with a reddish tint bite mark on it.

Taking in the sight, Max took in a savage breath having lost himself in the act just now. Because unlike the breast he had tasted so far, big, supple and firm. Hers was firm, supple and felt more elastic in his mouth. And the biggest satisfying factor was the fact that her breasts were portable. Not too small, just perfectly portable. His usually unsatisfied cravings, fueled with suffocation. Were instantly satisfied.

’All breasts size have its wonders.’ he thought briefly, his eyes settling on her right mold as a ravenous desire burned in his heart.

"Ahhhhhhhhh!"

This time Talia had managed to grasp onto reality, and saw him lunge downward to resume his feasts. Barely reacting, her frail attempt to stop him failed as she succumbed to bliss once more.

Smooch!

One thing about firm small breasts was that they always have these traits of rebelling. Standing firm under assault and not just succumbing to being molded into different shapes.

Her shirt had been raised,same with her bra. With nothing to hinder his progress as he straddled her down.

He grabbed both of her portable pairs, pressing it inside his mouth as his tongue scrubbed them thoroughly.

"Ahhh- mmmmm! Noo- yesss-!" Her moans instantly cut short under his assault filled the SUV. Until finally he was seemingly halt satisfied with sucking her tits. He calmed down.

Assuming a soft momentum as he sucked on her breasts. Smooch! Smooch! Smooch!

"Hmmmmm!" Talia squirmed, her body began shuddering like never before as he moved one hand towards the center of her legs. Rubbing it through the jeans.

"Ah—--!"Her mouth hung open and her eyes widened, gasping, there was no air so no sound came out.

At the same time Max felt her nectar through the denim shorts.

Smirking inwardly. He shifted her bra to where it was before, and her shirt to cover her tummy.

Dislodging from her body, he moved to the driver’s seat and sat down.

Talia on the other hand was left in confusion, no longer sensing his warmth and his dominating features that had led her to lie flat.

’Is it over? It is over?’ Reverberating in her mind, both questions, though the same,felt incredibly wrong.

Her eyes blinked, though the rest of her body had succumbed to weakness she could still move them weakly.

She saw Max move to the driver seat, turning down the windows. A refreshing cold wind blew inside the SUV, causing a shiver to go down her spine with pleasure. The sharply contradicting temperature, quickly reinvigorated her weak body. And when it did, some deactivated function of her brain resumed.

’It can’t possibly be over just like that-. Wait, we never even kissed, or... did it.’

’I didn’t even see it- I only felt it.’

Her brain tried to piece the puzzle but failed to. Nothing actually went according to her plan only that she had been the one to initiate the act. Nothing more.

She already readied her mind to have sex with him. But from the look of things, she had been rejected, or wasn’t attractive enough.

’How is this possible.’ She thought, remembering her mother’s words. She had always taken him for a pervert so she thought her plan would smoothly succeed.

But no.

’Yeah, that should give you a wake up call. The world doesn’t revolve around you bitch.’ Feeling her speechless eyes roam him, he feigned a clueless look and switched on the hidden switch under the seat.

There was no engine breakdown or anything in the first place. Instead he was the one who purposely activated a fail-safe for two reasons.

One, If she was dumb and stepped on the acceleration pedal without caution.

The other reason was just to spite her. If the engine shut down, he would take over the driver’s seat and show the vast difference between them when it came to cars.

Unfortunately and fortunately at the same time, the rain started falling.

As a revenge for hating him all these while. He was going to make her think she was never actually worth anything to him. The fact that he didn’t give her his dick to suck would hunt her for days to come. Without any answer to why he didn’t do it.

...

To Talia’s surprise, the SUV ignited to life. Unable to actually do or say anything, she continued lying there until finally she felt the SUV coming to a stop. And after it did, Mac dropped out of the car without saying anything.

Seeing him vanish, she hurriedly sat up and watched him walk away with loss blooming in her heart.

’What did I do wrong?’ she thought facepalming in embarrassment.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65: -Self Inflicted Torture -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Shit! Bro have you seen the leaks?"

"No."

"You’re missing a lot. First years are an adventurous bunch. It was just recently that a molesting scandal broke out from there, and now leaks?"

"Just what are they turning this school to?" A righteous voice said.

"Did you know? Someone traced the leak.

It came from the third year forum channel, not the first year."

"That’s a lie, I heard it was taken by a first year student."

"Nonsense, can you explain how it is being sent from the third year forum then."

"I get your points. I looked into it well. That kind of masculine physique can’t probably be achieved by a first year or second year. Same with the woman too. No one actually knows their identity."

"Shut up, you’re confusing me..."

’A leak?’

Turning with a dubious glint flashing past his eyes, the voices of the conversing group was far enough to disappear. All along the Hallway, there were several passing students who shared their earphones, posing their phones in a way the other would be able to view the playing video.

Excitement, surprise, fantasizing. Their expressions varied as they watched the said leak.

The majority bickered it was an exposed leak of two third year students. He didn’t bother thinking of it or tried to get a peek. Indulging in any porn content would break the last restraint he had from doing that which he wanted not to do.

As it turned out, his little revenge on Talia didn’t end up so little on his own side by the end of the day, even to the next. Having to deal with his erection became harder than it usually was.

About two hundred push ups and hard core gaming under the blasting music to obstruct his thoughts, was what it took to kill down the erection.

Then earlier this morning, his morning glory issue came up. Forcing him to do another set of exercises for it to go down. Currently he was wearing the tightest of his boxers, to hold it down when it rose again. If it came to it, he would rather take a risk and let Mrs Linda, who he was in a relationship with deal with it, or just summon Kats.

’She’s been eager after all.’

Sliding the door open, he instantly a few glances upon stepping inside, flickering upon seeing it was him.

’It’s just the same every time.’

Walking towards his seat, he glanced at the empty desk beside his. From the look of it Audrey was yet to arrive.

But just then, the door slid open once more to reveal a little chubby ebony girl with big curly hair, wearing a pair of medicated glasses.

"Hi Audrey" instantly they all raised their hands, with a happy smile on their face.

A dark contrast to his arrival.

"Hi." She greeted them back with a bright smile heading towards her desk.

"Hi." As her coconut hair cream waffled into his nose, her subdued voice reached him.

Glancing at her he gave a polite nod in response. Unzipping his bag to take out his business study note.

Soon afterwards, the rest of the seats were filled in. The wooden door slid open presenting a cold, composed detached lady.

Dressed in an open black skirt suit, her eyes swerved through the class. Creating a silent momentum as she stepped in.

Swiping the black screen into a white board.

(Business Studies) Was purposefully written on it.

Without turning she moved to write the next topic.

(Revision Week)

(Management: Organizational Structures)

Instantly the whole class took a deep breath,their eyes widening as they seemed to realize something.

Everyone had been so absorbed in the trending leak that they failed to realize what the new week meant.

Even Max was no less surprised. Yesterday had been too hectic for him to spare other thoughts.

Except from Audrey of course. Because at the sight of the BS Teacher, Miss Elina and his nefarious plans coming to mind, Max dick sprung to life, forming a protruding bulge within his pants as his boxer could barely contain it.

" Kindly bring out your notes, you’re set for an actualization test. Based on what you’ve been taught earlier this term." She spoke, her voice leaving no room for defiance or ponder. Turning to the board, she began filling it with questions. While they swapped for a blank sheet.

The atmosphere turned heated and competitive afterwards. Silence reigning throughout until they were done.

Moving to pick up the answer sheets, her cold face turned skeptical as she picked up his empty sheet. Yes, empty.

Looking up at her, he reflected her cold eyes.

Seeing his expression, a frown settled on her face but nevertheless picked it up. She silently moved to the next desk.

’Well, you’ll be giving me an +A soon anyways.’ The test wasn’t that hard, he just felt there was a need to rebel considering that she had been picking on him since she came.

...

Not long after she left, the Maths Teacher came in. Instead of a long boring test. They were given an assignment instead.

Ding! Ding! Ding! The familiar electronic bell rang signifying it was break time.

Though the atmosphere was a bit dull due to the apprehension of the coming exam after they were done with revision. The class soon emptied out, off to the cafeteria to recover their burnt calories.

After this, they would probably wait it out for the basketball period to cheer themselves up with the game.

Except for him of course, slipping his phone out of the bag. He silently turned it on. Thinking to himself about how to solve the raging erection in his trousers.

Staring at his almost empty contact list. He taped on Miss Linda’s.

(Can I come over?) He texted. And just after five seconds he got an abrupt reply.

(Yes.)

(Yes you can.) She added.

Standing up, at the same time the door was pushed open to reveal...

’Well...?’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66: -Helpful Classmate, Girlfriend Application -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Well... I might as well keep playing it cool.’

Standing by the door , Audrey’s gaze traced down to the bulging tent he was about to hide before going out.

There was still silence as they both apparently froze.

Breaking his composure, Max looked bewildered, lost on how to react, but then quickly recovered.

As if oblivious to her gaze, he boldly fitted the bulge in place, preventing it from being obvious and then shifted the desk a bit to move out.

Vuuu!

Before that, the sound of the door being slid shut reached him.

Raising his head to glance at the chubby brown skinned girl. His brows furrowed a little upon noticing the direction of her steps.

’Huh? She’s coming towards me?’ the thought ran through his head.Calmly halting, he watched her take brisk steps until she was so close. Stopping an arm length away from him.

She stared up at him, shaking her head piteously. She uttered the most unexpected words he had ever heard.

"Don’t you have a girlfriend? And does she know you’re always having this?"

’Fuck!’

Her voice was sharp, without any hint of seduction on her face. She appeared uninterested despite holding up his dick. Yes, his dick.

Max on the other hand had lost his composure. His eyes widening in surprise and speechlessness as her palm grabbed hold of his hard and straight testicle.

"... What are you doing?" He found himself asking, barely able to tame down his spiralling lust. A thin facade of his usual temperament that was about to crumble.

Making no movement to take off her hand though. He waited in silence for her answer.

Meanwhile his mind...

’Is she crazy? Insane?

This is wild. In all of my plans. I never thought- What sort of scenario is this?’

To his chaotic mind, Audrey puzzledly turned to glance at the hard shaft she had managed to grab. Feeling it’s already heavyweight turned thicker in size, occupying more proportion of her palm.

"Huh? I didn’t think you would react like this after showing such apathetic interest in me."

"So technically, I am still an allure after all."

’Huh? What is she on about?’

As if reading his thoughts, she raised her head and stared at him. Taking a brief pause before her lips parted open.

"Usually- no, since I entered puberty I’ve been getting this kind of disgusting look. Uncles hiding their vile lust under their sweet smiles. Bullies trying to harass me in public but sending apologetic texts, and how they wished I was their girlfriend in private. Boys who try to get close to me have always been lecherous and perverted degenerates. I came here because I was almost raped in my previous school." Revealing a wry smile, she adjusted her hold of his erection, using her other hand to unbuckle his belt, and slid open his zip.

"But you... it’s like you saw me as a brick." with a hint of genuinity in her forced smile. He felt her tuck his boxer and slid her hand inside, grabbing hold of his steaming hot cock with a line of precum tracing its tip.

"I’ll help you settle this as an application to be your girlfriend..."

Honestly, her words turned gibberish at some point. And he was currently trying to restrain his lust, withholding himself from lifting her up, inconsiderate of her chubby body and slamming deep into her.

Every fiber in his body was screaming for him to take control but he held back.

Pressing his abdomen, she directed him to sit on the chair.

He could feel her soft strokes trying to persuade his hardness as she knelt between his legs, resting her hands on his thighs while marvelling at the full view of his monstrosity, freed from the grasp of his pants.

"It’s big..." he heard her mutter, as she grabbed it with both palms. Causing a faint string of pleasure to bloom in his heart.

Holding back a groan, Max watched as she opened her mouth, effortlessly popping over half of his cock inside. He felt her warm accumulated saliva, instantly lubricating his dick. Enveloping it in a moist feeling.

Slurp! She then gave it a long suction, licking off the precum on its tip with one swift motion of her tongue.

Pop! His cock quivered but she held it by the base, letting it wandle a few swings before slowly sliding it across the surface of her tongue.

Pop! She inhaled his whole length, swallowing it to the extent he felt himself deep within her throat. Then she let go.

Slurp!

Grabbing his shaft with more force, she slowly swallowed down his inches, using her hand to perform an exciting stroke.

"Argh!" Releasing a low groan of pleasure, he saw his own precum draw a thin line to her lips. Feeling more aroused and his cravings to follow with a rapid thrust down her throat.

Unexpectedly, she stopped for a moment. As if observing the rigidity and the velocity of his throbbing veins.

Upon resuming, she kissed the tip, letting her saliva drown his cock.

Mixed with his precum, she began to stroke him. Weighing his erection between her palm each time.

"We don’t have much time, that door doesn’t have a lock so sorry if I have to speed things up."

Making him realize the daring situation they were currently in, she spitted more saliva on his cock, then started stroking him with both palms, creating sloppy sloshing sound each time as he felt raw pleasure and bliss rock through.

Unfortunately even after five minutes, he showed no signs of cumming yet.

His cock remained rigid and erect under her relentless assault. Her eyes were already showing signs of tiredness.

What had started easy to do, had become arduous.once again proving that Max wasn’t the usual type of guy.

Honestly, even Max was surprised. He no longer cared about his composure but had his gaze glued to the door of the classroom. As his erection refused to subdued, he began to rethink if he should just stop things here. But then again, the pleasure he was currently feeling was something he had never felt. Apprehension at his cover being blown, being suspended- fears which never appeared due to the fact he always had things under control. The sense of risk and pleasure was at its peak.

Suddenly, Audrey stopped making him glance down at her. As a huge jolt of ecstatic joyful bliss hijacks his nervous system.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67: -Caught -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Right between his legs as he sat on the chair, Audrey was unbuttoning her shirt.

And when she did, a big purple bra was revealed. Tight and firmly locking her huge twin melons in place.

And causing a dry patch down his throat. A hungry desire bloomed in his heart.

She carefully slipped away the huge purple bra. Uncaging both big melons. They bounced slightly, causing his arousal to peak.

Glancing at his still rigid and erect cock covered in his precum and her saliva, with a serious look. She used her hands that were still wet from her saliva to raise her boobs, and she shifted forward to place them on his thighs.

’Fuck!’

For the feeling of her boobies only made things worse. With it closer, he had to reanalysis it up close.

Brown skinned supple flesh, her areolas were darker, same with her nipples. But something was different about her breasts.

Unlike Mrs Dalia which was big buh somehow dropped due to the weight. Her’s were fully round shaped, like a small ball. Withholding the same shape without her bra.

At the thought of what she was about to do, Max felt his blood steer, obstructing his train of thoughts. He was blinded by the lustful bliss.

’A boob fuck!’ he thought in exhilaration, as both round firm packs of flesh wrapped his cock in their elastic suppleness. There was no exact word to define the feeling, only that as she held them close. Suffocating his dick between her breasts, there was an hijacking sense of bliss he felt

As if that wasn’t enough, she began moving it upward then down. Wrapping his saliva covered dick between her huge round tits. In turn massaging the throbbing veins across his cock.

Max gritted and turned his head, stopping himself from groaning out loud.

As her boobs continued bobbing his dick, the feeling of her supple firmness drowned him.

Deep within him, he could feel it. The deviant vein that had been causing him torture, the one responsible for erection, was finally succumbing to the pleasure. Steadily,as her boobs massaged his cock. The pent up feeling his balls was about to be released.

"- I’m going to cum." He found himself muttering a word of warning to the ebony girl.

And when he did, a sticky blurb of liquid was shot from his dick that just happened to pop its head from her cleavage.

’Shit!’ Unfortunately he had no time to care, he gritted his teeth and shut his eyes tight to savor the waves of pleasure.

One- two- three-

After three straight shots. The attack power of the liquid fell by a huge margin. Falling on her tits Instead.

However her glasses, nose, down to her chin had been splattered with cum. Creating a creampie look.

"Sorry." As if he slowly regained his breath, his dick had already turned limp. Slipping out of the grasp of both breasts. He relaxedly took on the sight of her arousing facial. Deeply wanting to dive his dick inside her mouth, or bend her over for a penetration. At these thoughts, his limp brother was slowly rising again.

But just then, the door slid open. Causing both of them to freeze in shock and trepidation. There was no place to hide, they were the only ones in an empty class.

Revealing the person’s identity, Max felt his heart...

Ding!

...

minutes ago.

Glancing at her phone to see the last text she had sent, marked with read. Her heart began thumbing with anticipation, a little bit of nervousness too.

She took a sweeping glance at the blue corporate dress she was wearing. It was fitting, outlining her slender figure in a fine manner, and long transparent stocking to cover her legs.

She felt confident. Soon all these would be off and she wondered how her second experience would be. Imagining his calm composed face, pressing into hers.

But before that, she went to her bag and brought a new pack of condom she had bought during the weekend. Blushing heavily at the thought of our to tell him to use them. If he agreed, would she be the one to put them on.

"I- I have to tell him. I can’t risk getting pregnant for him even if I am on meds.-not if he wants me to...

I mean, I’ll be so happy to carry his child inside me." She muttered to herself, squeezing her cheeks to disperse the deep flush. But then again it quickly dispersed as her expression turned dejected remembering he was still a high school student.

"Stop thinking about that Linda." Face palming, she covered her eyes tightly for minutes. Waiting for the door lock to click but nothing came.

She then picked up her phone to text him up, only that he wasn’t online.

’He would never do it on purpose, would he?’

Choosing to go with her positive thought, she walked out of the office. Appearing in the empty hallway, she chose to check his classroom first.

However, when she shifted open the door. Her eyes caught a scene she hadn’t expected in her heart.

A chubby ebony girl with curly hair and what seemed to be two huge breasts was bouncing her tits on his cock. A moment later her face was awash in his cum.

Seeing him exhale deeply with strong emotions, she felt her chest constrict and without doubt, intense jealousy. Turning she instantly closed the door and left.

On the other hand Max was confused on what to do.

Ding!

[High peril Taboo detected... Generating automatic tasks.]

Ding!

[Epic Task- Escapades with my Classmate... in progress.]

[Reward Prompts upon completion: Hidden.]

Staring at the holographic screen, he speechlessly tucked his dick back into his boxers. Standing up, adjusting his trouser.

Audrey did the same, much faster than he did. She was already closing the buttons of shirt. Hiding her caged big boobs underneath.

"Sorry." He heard her mutter a brief apology.

"I’ll settle it." He responded, nodding as he rushed to the door.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68: -"How do you want us to settle this?"-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Her brisk hurried steps echoed through the sparse hallway, drawing the attention of a few students. Who glanced at her in confusion then shook their head, unable to see the steaming hot tears down her cheeks.

Pushing open the door of her office,she quickly stepped in. Locking the door shut behind her.

She rested her back on it, slowly sliding down till her ass was on the floor.

...

Whilst on Max side.

As he slid open the door, he was met with echoes of her brisk footsteps. Wanting to chase after her, he glanced to see several other students throwing confused glances in that particular direction.

’Right.’

He slid the door shut, after taking a step back inside.

’Dramas, I’ve always wanted to avoid those.’ resisting the urge to reveal a wry smile. He turned to see Audrey all dressed up. Her breasts tightly and closely hidden, caged per se. She adjusted the subtle rump and turned to gaze at him.

"Sorry about that." She uttered, instantly leaving him no choice than to slide open the door once more.

’Temptation.’ he then cursed inwardly, feeling his lust reignited by the thoughts of fucking her breasts once more.

Fortunately he had already slipped his phone into his pocket before that so he didn’t have to go back near her.

The coming basketball game period would gather the whole second senior years to watch. Leaving their classes and the hallway empty in that span of time.

He was horny, and his body seriously needed to burn off excess sexual hormones.

He felt guilty about being caught by Miss Linda. Honestly wanting to comfort her. But his horny soul had nullified every other emotion in him.

Besides with the commotion she made while walking away, going to knock on a Teacher’s office door after didn’t sound like a wise choice. And considering he had almost jeopardized everything about him by receiving a blow and boob job at the center of an empty classroom. He broke his code.

’Honestly... It felt so good and thrilling.’

’Didn’t I trigger an Epic Task for that?’

Quickly willing for the holographic system screen to appear. His eyes flashed past every other thing written on it and settled- ’There.’

Right underneath the [SSS Taboo Student Quest] he saw it:

[Epic Task- Escapades with my Classmate... in progress.]

[Reward Prompts upon completion: Hidden.]

’Trigger by a perilous Taboo or something.’ He thought, trying to remember the System’s exact words.

’Neither really matters anymore, I have changed my mind.’

When he thought about that; he brought out his phone. Logging into his Stargram account, and typed in the pinned letters from his text bar.

A moment later, a single account showed as result.

(The Bitch Y’all Hate)

The profile picture was that of a well shaped ass, though not thick but still good to look at.

Apart from that, there was no other info.

Usually it would be considered as a dead account, but he had gotten the ID at a price. A not so cheap one to be precise. But it was all worth it, going to be worth it.

Tapping on the message icon, he typed in a few words then sent it. Seeing it show double thick, a sign of the user being online.

’Fuck it- although this is risky. I can’t help is what my body needs.’

...

In a spacious big office, the size of a classroom but with only seven executive occupying it at different angles.

Looking deserted as it seemed there was almost no one within it.

Ding ding!

A sharp bell ringtone resounded through the office causing the woman who had been absently absorbed in paper work to shake then reacted by almost smashing the phone on the floor. Only holding herself back at the last split moment, inhaling a deep breath as she tried to squeeze the phone instead to calm her anger.

There was no other person in the damn office so she was finally allowed to reveal her true traits.

’uh?’

Glancing at the phone screen in confusion, she swapped up its lock and tapped the received message.

(You’ve got a nicely shaped ass Miss Elina.)

She froze, her eyes widening as she trembled in disbelief. Yet the words refused to disappear.

(Oh! I don’t think your name is real either. How about...)

(Elena. Not much difference though.)

Reading both texts, her hands quivered. Quickly tapping on the sender’s profile.

(Max) and a vivid set of what seemed to be an outline of eight packs as profile picture.

’Max?’ Her face mirrored confusion as she tried to think of anybody with such a name from her past. But no,the only Max she knew was the bold youth from class 4 that checked her out with restraint. Leaving quite the impression for her to carry a grudge in heart about it.

’He sees me unattractive or what. My small boobs?’ that thought had been the trigger for picking on him.

’Max?’ she thought again in more confusion of how the highschool kid could probably know about her or her past. Her Stargram ID to be precise.

Just then, the office door was pushed open causing her to glance at it.

And when she did, she saw Max silently walk inside. Even turning to lock it behind him.

Confusion etched in her face, she silently stared at him with furrowed brows expecting him to speak afterwards, which he did.

But before that,he took off his glass and wrapped it in the customized box. Tucking it in his pockets afterwards. He roughed up his hair a bit then tucked boths hands in pockets.

Taking in her Stunned look at his, probably outrageous transformation to a charming youth. His cold expression maintained its coolness on his face.

"A continent away from Home... 3 high rate crimes. V vip Class Stripper and quite a huge debt to back it up. I wonder how you managed to keep your life after that Miss Elina-Elena. Quite the same , by the way."

"... I’m impressed." Max added after a short pause, causing the lady by the desk to flinch as he listed almost everything he knew about her.

"How do you want us to settle this?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69: - Slamming her in the Staffroom-***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"How did you know all that?"

Visibly turning afraid , she tried to back away but failed since there was nothing but a window beside her.

"Well, for a kid you think you could pick on anyhow. I’m quite rich, my family is, connections included."

"I’m really in no mood to explain to you about a bunch of bullshit... as you can see?" With that,he pressed his waist forward, pointing at the huge tent formed by his dick trying to tear through the fabric.

It was then she noticed the poking tent in his trouser. Inwardly surprised by the size. Her fear lessened a bit.

"How does that concern me?" This time her voice sounded stern and cold. Even appearing fearless.

Not instantly replying though, he forced a smile, a particularly vile one in her sight.

"It was caused by watching your stripping videos. Quite athletic, I couldn’t resist. Surely the whole school would love a share of that. Getting you fired. These are my cards, so let’s get on with it before your colleagues come knocking on that door.

"Oh- A+ on that too." He pointed at the arranged stack of paper sheets on her desk.

"Ok..." she replied.

"But what do I get in assurance that you wouldn’t go back on your words and do all what you just said." Not wanting to appear compliant to his threat, she frowned looking at him closely.

"Oh, you don’t worth it. And you also have no choice."

Honestly, he couldn’t think clearly and wanted to release every load he had in him.

Watching her ponder his words, he began taking off his trousers. Leaving his shirt and tight boxer he wore but soon after. The latter was tucked down to reveal his springing dick. A few veins snaking its surface, it was steady as a beam. Causing Miss Elina to hesitate before going on her knees.

Apparently refusing to take off her clothes. He wasn’t bothered but watched her inhale the searing invincible steam from his cock and pooped it inside her mouth like a pro.

Slurp!

Her mouth went deep. Choosing to go for the whole length on first input. She gagged his cock, deepthroating him as she grabbed the base of his cock with her other hand.

Her head began slowly bobbing forward and backward. Enveloping him in her saliva as her tongues began brushing her inch of his cock. Licking and slurping it inside her throat with support of her hands.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp! Sloppy sloshing gags could be heard. As her saliva mixed with his precum started drooping down her chin.

"Argh" groaning from the pleasure, he held up his shirt, steadying his foot on the ground while he withstood the thrust.

Blurb! Slurp!

."a#&#++$&" she made sure his cock reached the limit she could let him explore beginning gagging him back out.

Smooth practiced ease, her every action was filled with mastery. Causing him to soon his seeds about to explode.

"#$-$-&_#_$@_@_@_a" gasping out inaudible words while puffing out sticky precum saliva, the veins around her necks were exposed. Her face flushed deep red, she shook her head vehemently. Letting him explore the depth of her throat.

"I’m cumming, swallow it." Clenching his teeth , Max held her hair, stuffing her face closer, and let the wave of thick semen shot down her throat.

Apparently suffocated, she puffed some out some, letting it drip down her chin.

"Hmmm." She breathed hastily as he brought out his cock out of her mouth. Thinking that his erection had all settled.

But then she saw it still half erect after exploding inside down her throat and inside her mouth.

"Suck it." Commanding her, he held her hair and placed his cock back in her mouth.

Finding her to be submissive, she actually did as commanded with more passion than before.

Not only did she lick off every speck of liquid on his shaft and base. When she took in his balls with a pop, his erection took on its full form.

"Hmmmmm" she inhaled, still on her knees before him.

’Wait, she’s the extremely submissive type?’ Amused by the fact she usually wore a cold strict facade.

He wanked his dick in the air a few times, before glancing back at her.

"Stand up and pull up your skirt."

Getting up, she held the helm of her skirt and pulled it up. Raising it to her waist, she revealed the fancy lace panty she wore underneath as a deep blush found its way to her cheeks.

Whilst, seeing the same ass she used as her profile picture. He pulled her closer, and gripped them.

Smack!

He slapped her ass, instantly leaving a red flush on her ass cheeks as it trembled. Whilst, she inhaled erotically, with an endearing expression.

’Is this like her kink or something?’

Without bothering. He groped her ass, sliding down to her clit to find it heavily wet.

"Rest on the table." he commanded, finding it fascinating as she did.

Presented with the protruding form of her ass in white lace panty. He pulled her waist closer.

As her ass touched him, he shifted her pants and inserted the tip of his cock slowly inside her pussy.

At first slightly parting both petals but soon stretching it. He slided into the juicy moistness of her pussy.

"Ahhh!" He heard her moan for the first time. Her whole body shifted as she reeled from the force of his thrust.

Entering deep, surprisingly it was tight.

Holding her waist, he sent another force that made her unstable and sent some sheets off the table.

"Hmmmm!" She moaned out loud, this time around with a different tone.

"Ahhhh-"

"Hmmm"

"Ahhh -" holding her waist he kept steadily thrusting inside her, making her whole body jerk from the thrust.

Pressed to the table, he couldn’t even see the expression she was making. However her moans and the tightness of her pussy still encouraged him to thrust faster.

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!

"Ahhh! Hmm! Ahh! Yess!"

As his steady thrust upgraded into swift slams with resounding slap each time, her body jerked from the pleasure and her moans added a yess to it.

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa! Resounding through the shared office, her moan was unbearably loud. At the same time, Max felt pure thrill at the thought of the possibility of the other teachers arriving soon. This was the staff’s office after all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70: - - Submissive Miss Elina-***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahhhhh-yesss!" She moaned, sprawled weakly on her desk as her student slammed into her from behind.

As he held her waist to steady his thrust, there was no reprieve from the pleasure and bliss she felt.

Until finally Max stopped, his eyes hovering on her reddish ass cheeks from his spanking. He slowly withdrew, revealing the wet, lubricated seven and the half inch hefty machine with veins that had refused to bend under the wave of pleasure. Despite the walls of her tight cave clenching tightly around him.

She had climax twice drenching her hole in her own nectar.

More than ten minutes into the act, there was no one yet to knock on the door. There was no reason to worry about the sound of their act sounding through it since it was also soundproofed.

"Hmmmmm!" She inhaled a deep slutty breath, closing her eyes shut as she felt him slip out.

"Stand up." She heard him command.

Raising to her feet, her flared skirt raised up above her waist. Her undy was in open view for him to see.

’Like- I feel so strange and different.’ Taking in the sight of his Business Studies Teacher whose expression was always cold and stern, but surprisingly submissive when fucked. An abstract plot twist. Fucking her had awakened more of his dominant side, locking most of his emotions while leaving his cold side.

’Time isn’t on my side...’ glancing down at his dick. He pulled hand, drawing her close as he began unbuttoning her under shirt.

He didn’t need to command her to take off the suit either, feeling his hands cupping her breasts. She inhaled deeply, arching her chest closer and slipped away her suit. Dropping it randomly as she held onto the huge desk to be able to withstand his assault.

Meanwhile, having easily found her breasts. Max hungrily latched to her pretty small breasts. But still appreciating the suppleness of them.

His other hand roamed, gripping her but. He rounded up to raise her legs to his side. Increasing his mouth assault on her breasts.

"Ahh- hmmmm- hmmmm-" quickly breaking each time, her neck arched upward each time she felt him roll his tongue around her tip.

"Hmmmm." "Hmmmm- Ahhhh!" As she kept moaning, he freed her breast, letting his mouth solely do the work. His other hand roamed her waist, her ass, then suddenly lifted her legs.

Leaving both of them hanging in the air.

Pushing her slightly, he made her bend. Raising her to sit on the desk.

Two legs were held up by him... so he began spreading them both. Hooking one with his arm, he raised the other to be up above his Right shoulder.

"Hmmm" releasing a sultry breath, she laid back on the desk.

’I have tried this before-’ his thoughts were briefed, fuelled by thrill. He shifted her panty to the side and slowly slid in his cock.

Felling the lips of her pussy, clip tightly around him, welcoming his thrust. He took a slight breath, feeling a need to savor the pleasure before burying the rest of his inch with her.

"Ahhh-hhh!" Her moan was shallow, extending as she quivered from bliss.

Her feets buckled tight to his arm and shoulder, then-

"Hmmmmmmmmmmm!" She sucked in a deep loud breath.

Making her wet hole more sultry, outside of her clit became more wet, covered completely in her own orgasm.

As he withdrew his cock, and thrusted back into her clenching walls. A rare sloshing sound was produced.

"Ahhh!" She jerked receiving his thrust, her hands failing sideways in pure ecstasy.

"Hmmmm!" She exhaled again, feeling his girth exit, intrude, hitting the walls of her inside.

Max beban from a slow steady thrust and began thrusting, slamming hard inside her as the clap of her skin resounded. Causing every flesh in her body to tremble. She even managed to push the stock pile of paper sheets off the table.

Completely lost in ecstasy .

Kpa! Kpa!... His balls slammed against her clitoris, drawing a line with her orgasm each time.

"Hmmmm- ahhh-" she moaned.

’Fuck!’ feeling the abrupt swell in his balls. He quickly pulled out not long after she added her fourth orgasm.

"Ahhhhhh -" just as she moaned. She felt her legs suddenly being pulled off the table. Barely managing to react from the stupor of bliss, she landed on her knees. Only to feel his hands pressed down her shoulders without a moment of respite. Going down willingly under the pressure of his hands, she found herself kneeling before him a moment later.

"Suck it." Max wasted no time but instantly commanded. Wanging his dick to slap her chin, he resisted the urge of directing, spilling it on her face. Wanting to ideally feel her mouth once more.

Slurp! She took him down her throat with a single slurp. Forcing him to clench his fist.

"Argh." He released a low goal.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

Making a whole lot of sloppy sloshing sounds, she stroked him hard, taking him deep with her throat.

"Argh" Max groaned, feeling a new wave of semen being shot down her throat.

And yet at the same time the locked door trembled, instantly earning their glance. A doubtful one at that.

Then it trembled again.

’Fuck!’

"They are back." he cursed inwardly, while she he had already pushed out his cock to speak.

Spilling the fourth wave mid air, it landed on her chin.

There was no time to savor the sight, insteady tucking his dick into his boxers.

Ding! He heard the System’s familiar ding. The holographic screen flashed for a moment then disappeared because he willed it to.

Picking up his trouser, he slipped his legs through it. Moving to pick his shoes.

Miss Elina on the other hand, had buttoned up her shirt, having quickly slipped up her bra. Took up her suit, wiping his cum off her chin with it. She shook down her skirt.

Fortunately her shoes were on.

The door trembled again.

’Well...’

Glancing down the window, he jumped out.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71: -Unexpected Encounter -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Not exactly jump out.

Currently Max was holding onto a rail beam that connected the entire building exterior. Or more accurately connected each window.

’Fuck!’

Resisting the urge to glance down,Max cursed. Steeling his resolve,as he gripped the beam tighter. Supporting his body with just one arm, he took a deep breath, exhaling and humped up. Using his other to grab the sill of the window above him.

"Shit"

Gripping it, he instantly freed his other arm. Using the disrupting force to lift his body and climb pass the opened window.

Thud

A dull thud sounded through the empty classroom. Taking a quick scan of his surroundings, Max nodded silently to himself.

Before walking into the Staff’s Office, he had already prepared himself for the worst. Preventing another scenario where he would be caught.

Even if the rest of the Teachers that had been hitting the door walked in. Perceiving the usual air,and the scattered table. They would keep their suspicions to themselves. Infact how they would react didn’t concern him. As long as he wasn’t spotted. An ordeal that had been performed perfectly.

"Huh? Is it over that quick?" Surprised by how quick the minutes had gone by, the game would soon be over in at least two minutes. Meaning he had spent more than 30 minutes fucking his BS Teacher.

Putting back his phone he wished for the System’s holographic screen to appear.

Unfortunately, the rewards listing had all cleared.

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan High School

Stats: 1

Charm- 16.

Strength- 20.5

Agility- 15.8

Stamina- 35.

A Ranked Elite Student

Promotion Points: 4700/ 10000 to S Rank]

Special Ability: Mr Mystery

Quest: Become An SSS Rank Taboo Students: Requirements, performing Taboo Tasks.

Epic Task: Escapades with my...]

’Previously I had about 3950 or so. 4700 minus that should be 750.

’But shouldn’t such risky endeavors generate more Points? I mean the Staff’s Office should score more taboo points than any other place in the school.’

Thinking about it, he felt his opinion about the System’s rewarding ratio deflate. The main reason he had dared fucking a Teacher in the Staff’s Office was because the System would score him begin. But it now seemed he had thought too generously of the System.

’Fuck that, at least I got a whole stat point.’ Calming his mind with the thought of leveling up his physical prowess. He added the one stat to his agility.

Instantly overwhelmed with a sense of vertigo, he held the wall for support before being washed by a reinvigorated feeling.

There was also a subtle sense of lightness that his body gave him, though it could barely be felt. It was still there.

[Agility: 16.8] It showed.

Releasing a quick sigh, he made his way out of the classroom. It was supposed to be Class 6, but fate had other plans.

Walking out the class he could see the Staff Office just a few meters away. Not to pass by it, he continued walking in the opposite direction that would lead him a roundabout way back to his class.

Also, it was the same path that led to the three union steps, easily accessing all three floors from there.

’Ok, is this the right hallway? Wasn’t the hidden camera placed here the last time?’

’That’s it.’ finding the hidden camera, he nodded silently and turned to the left.

Adding to the fact that this part of Hallway was always deserted, the identical similarities made it sometimes hard to make out the right direction.

’Huh?’

Halting at the sound of the approaching footsteps, Max nudged his glass to see three girls taking a turn from the opposite way he came, not far behind him.

However they all appeared to halt upon noticing his lone figure, using a moment to scurry out any information they could from his appearance.

Seemingly not recognizing him, other than the girl in their front, the other two appeared relieved. Resuming their walk towards him.

He similarly did the same, minding his business like he didn’t know who they were.

’Cynthia, Ayesha...’he thought, having forgotten the third girl’s name who was no less popular.

’Flashy pink hair, she’s the cheerleaders captain. Monica’

The mere thought of these three walking together would be contradicting to any Second Senior Year student, since each of them was the leader of their own clique. Cold and indifferent to the other. But not right now.

As he kept walking he heard one footstep come to a halt. Two kept one walking. And right when he caught a student in sight.

One of the two footsteps ended.

Leaving just one.

"Wow, hi Cynthia."

’So they broke up their formation to mix in. While Cynthia attracts attention they’ll probably head to the rest room or somewhere less conspicuous.’ Noting inwardly, he branched to a side hallway. Whilst Cynthia kept on coldly walking forward ignoring the other students.

Throwing off her cold gaze off his back, he turned and began walking back to his class.

’It really doesn’t make sense.’

Entering the class, there was fortunately no sight of Audrey. Glancing at the next desk beside him, there was no sign of her bag either. Just empty.

The rest of the class had also noticed it and seemed to be discussing it.

"The game was exciting to watch so I had to take a pee in the restroom. Coming back, I saw her talking to a stern black dude and afterwards she walked with him to our class and was back out with her backpack." Divine, a slightly short youth narrated in a serious tone while the rest listened.

According to him, Audrey had left the school.

’Huh?’ ignoring their follow up argument after that, he furrowed his brows while glancing at the empty desk beside before bending to pull out a note.

’She’s truly left.’

Though it was quite unbelievable, her empty desk didn’t prove him wrong either. Someone that had just given him boob job couldn’t possibly be sick. Even if it was the death of her parents, such information would have to be held till the school closed.

"Who knows."

Hours later revision lessons came to an end.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72: -Being Confessed To -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’That’s all."

Glancing at the quiet sitting youth from the corner of her eyes. The sight of his emotionless eyes staring outside the window, created a subtle blush that found its way to her cheeks.

Luckily most of the students in the class seemed more occupied with taking off their lab coats than monitoring her expression. Too famished from having burnt a lot of calories back in the lab. As practical revision would have it.

While it was compulsory for most, it wasn’t necessary for Max.

Ding! Ding! Ding!

The electronic bell rang afterwards.

’Pretty much awkward.’

He thought to himself, Watching her leave the class.

As it turned out last night, after missing several of his calls and texts. Miss Linda actually called him back. A video call to be precise.

Without letting him say anything, she began apologizing to much of his shock.

"I’m sorry... I was jealous... " words after words, fidgeting, then nervously staring at the camera. Then even a little panicky at some point. Deeply fearing that their relationship would end, she told him he could sleep with any girl he wanted. And in the future marry more wives, as long as they loved him like she did.

All in all, from his pov it appeared that she had deeply fallen in love with him, enough to convince herself sharing him was the right thing to do.

Instead of apologizing, he began comforting her instead while being lost in his own speechlessness.

Currently they were both on good terms and their scheduled date was still on.

Taking a deep short breath, Max got up and walked out of the almost empty class. In this short period of time, staring outside the window, he had realized two things: One, the term was coming to an end soon. Clueless of how the System influenced the school to upgrade his rank, he became doubtful if the System could bypass certain procedures.

According to the school rules S Ranked Promotion was only made at the end of a term before the next began. Meaning, if he didn’t manage to reach it before the term came to an end. He might have to wait the coming term before being promoted after that.

Two, his plans would be severely influenced. And he needed to forward things. If it came to it, he would have to give up his low cover and walk into the limelight.

"Class five Students said she disappeared yesterday during the basketball game."

...

"Yeah I bought it."

"Send me the leak."

"That’s long gone bro, the video was insidiously corrupted from the beginning. Can’t you see everyone is talking less about it."

"Yh, they are all currently dealing with bugs or bought new gadgets."

"Hand me that, I’m so fucking starved. Last night was epic."

"Dude."

"I made the transfer."

For the first time the Cafeteria was filled with chatters and murmurs carrying different and varying contents. Among them was his recent doing which he didn’t want to think much about.

Walking towards the less populated tables, at the loser corners to be precise. He dropped his tray and sat down to eat. Unlike the last time he was here, he barely attracted anyone ’s glance.

And yet as he was about to place a steak in his mouth. He felt the presence of an approaching figure, distinct from the chatters,he raised his head upon feeling a faint shadow loom over him.

Glancing up to see the person’s face, surprisingly it was a lean, seemingly frail youth excluding some kind of feminine traits as he appeared to shyly avoid his gaze.

’Ugh?’ confusedly studying the other person’s reaction, trying to remember if he knew him.

"Here, take this." The youth said, stretching out his frail arms to reveal a folded paper within his palm.

’What’s going on?’ using a slight moment to ponder the other’s intention, he stretched out his hand to take it out of formality.

Seeing this, the seemingly frail youth flushed pink and quickly walked away.

Behold, there was a group of male students with something distinct about them, staring weirdly at him. While welcoming the frail youth in their midst.

Still confused, he calmly dropped the cutlery in his hands, and unfolded the sheet of paper.

’

’Hi.

I know you might be stunned by what I’m about to say.

I have fallen in love with you. And I am quite clear about the point at which I started to slowly fall in love with the way you walk, the way you sit, the way you compose yourself. The way, the way, the way...’ eventually he skipped the ways.

Moving onto the next paragraph as his blank mind resounded the words written on it.

Okay, I’m just gonna say it... because if I don’t, I’ll keep overthinking and probably explode.

I like you...

Not in the "oh you’re cool" kind of way, but in the "you’ve been stuck in my head since I first saw you.

I’m saying this again, you’re HOT. Stupidly exciting. I get butterflies from seeing your cold eyes.’ with a stylishly drawn heart at the end.

Max’s mind froze as threw a quick scan over the paper again. He tried to think, say something to himself. But his brain refused to, still not having processed everything.

For a moment the chattering noises disappeared. He threw a slow glance at the table the boy was sitting, shyly avoiding his gaze.

’What the fuck!’

’You think I’m gay? Fucking gay? Gay?’ At this moment he felt a promptu to stand and curse. His expressionlessly composed face crumbled into a sneer, moving on to tear the paper without hesitation.

"Huh? What’s he doing?" Some people in the cafeteria turned their heads upon hearing the ripping sound, only to turn back afterwards in confusion.

Not once, not twice, not thrice either. There was no count to how many times he ripped the paper, using his strength. He tore it into several tiny pieces that fell into his tray.

When he was done, he felt a sense of hostility from the group of boys. While comforting the frail youth.

Glancing at the scattered pieces of paper.

’Seems I have to switch back to Digestives with a bottle of water.’

Wanting to stand up, he felt another presence stop before the table.

Glancing up, he saw an outstretched hand with a crumbled paper in it.

’Are you kidding me?’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73: - The Library-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Glancing up at the owner of the arm, he saw a familiar timid youth.

’Huh?’ bound by confusion for a moment, he remembered who the boy was. He was the one who followed Cinthya’s orders, her little toy.

’Are you gay too?’ He studied the other’s expression for a moment, finding no shyness but a veiled sign of reluctance.

"She said I should give you this." with that, not caring if he would take it or not he dropped the rumped paper and left.

’ehn? Is it she?’

Standing up, he picked the paper and began to walk out of the cafeteria. Sensing the few hostile stares hovering on his back disappear,he quietly addressed the rumped paper to read the contents within.

’Come to the library! Urgent!

From Cinthya.

Reading the content twice, he eventually furrowed his brows.

’The library?’

’Apart from that, there’s no valid proof about her being the sender.’ Imagining a scenario where a group of boys would gang up and start laughing at him when he got to the library, he crumbled back the paper. Then about to stash it inside his pocket,he caught a small sign of written words.

Unfolding the sheet again, he turned it over.

Catching sight of the small written words, his brows raised as he read them.

’Fuck that I said will you be mine...

I want to be yours’

’Ugh?’

’Well, won’t hurt checking it out.’

At the thought of what could possibly go down.

He took a swift look at the hallway and turned back. Cutting the corner shortly,in two minutes he arrived at the library.

A large spacious place, it was the combination of two classrooms. But due to the extra large amount of books stored within. There was no sense of spaciousness, instead it was a dull, stifling feeling. Warmth and coziness that made one felt they belonged into the tranquil ventilated atmosphere.

There were ten reading tables in total, sparsely arranged and empty. Probably due to it being break time.

Sitting by the corner though, opposite the seemingly endless shelves filled with books was an old man. Probably in his late fifties, glasses, and seemed too absorbed in the book he was reading to notice his arrival.

For the first time, Max saw something he knew nothing about.

’This school has a librarian this old?’ he thought, observing the slightly old man with a keen look, but then caught a slight movement from the corner of his eyes.

’Hmm?’ Tilting his head sideways, he caught sight of a waving figure behind a shelf.

Revealing a smile for finally grasping his attention, the person waved for him to come over.

With a confused look at the librarian yet to react to his presence. He walked towards the shelves.

Arriving at the second row, which obscured the sight of the librarian.

Cinthya came out, grinning at him.

"I wasn’t expecting you to come, since you preferred being gay. Isn’t that right?" Revealing a friendly tone, she whispered closely to his face like they were goody-goodie friends.

Suddenly remembering the gay confession letter, he revealed a light frown.

"What do you want?" He uttered, his voice low as he stared at her coldly.

"Oh stop it- Or I would really think you’re someone good.

How about this, I’ve seen you enter Miss Linda’s Office, and you took your time.

Or did you think it would take me this long to figure out that you’re Max from Class 5?"

Tipping on her toes, she whispered into his ears. Causing to still breath then release after.

’There’s never a perfect cover.’

As she withdrew, a head shorter than him, she revealed a cheeky smile.

"Come let’s go." She hushed, moving forward while he followed behind.

Until finally they reached the other end of the library. After the 15th row of shelves, there was a bit of an isolated corner.

In the silence, she turned towards him and tugged his arms.

"I want you to fuck me." Letting go of her attempt to lower her voice, her tone was clear and normal pitched, but with freaky expression.

In contrast, Max showed no surprise feeling his dick abruptly spring to life upon hearing her words. Though he had expected it, the thrill was different when hearing her say it.

"But before that... I want to give this big guy a treat." Her fingers traced his shirt, down to his groin, locating the bulging tent and swiftly grabbed his erection.

"Hmmm" she seemed to take pleasure in grabbing his manhood.

Going down on her knees, she unzipped his trouser. Leaving this belt attached, she slipped her hand through the zip hole with precision. Then her fingers crawled up, tugging his boxers down from the inside. She slipped her hand inside, quickly grabbing his fresh steaming meat through bare skin to skin contact.

"Hmmm." Max let out a short breath, and a moment later. His 7+ inches was out through the zip hole. Pointing straight at its saviour like a drawn sword. There was a trace of precum on its tip.

"Hmmmm." She inhaled, marveling at his sight with a very observant look. She then glanced upward at his composed face, speechlessness evident in her eyes.

"You-" she paused. "I’ve only ever seen this in porn movies, no wonder you look so disinterested. Anyone who has a taste of this would definitely come back for more."

Shaking her head, she focused back on the pointing dick.

Revealing a thrilled smile, she raised her hand and grabbed his cock once more.

Stroking it afterwards, she held it still with a satisfactory look upon seeing the oozing precum drawing a slight trail.

Slurp! Her mouth bulged, reaching the limit she could bear. She sucked him clean, her tongue wavering across his glans. She encased it with moisture. Using the rough surface of her tongue to scrub it. He felt her teeth perform a never felt before trick.

Causing him to raise his head and release a low groan.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74: - ’Such inviting ass’-***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While sucking his dick she softly bit it using her molar teeths. Releasing his thick flesh, she began licking and sucking the tip of his cock like it was a pop stick.

Even more, she was meticulous in doing it. Encasing him in her saliva then the next moment she would lick it from the base to the tip.

"Argh." Groaning , Max clenched his teeths.

"Hmmm, hmmm, hmmm." In the Silence he watched her keep sucking his cock as she breathed softly and erotically at the same time.

Keeping the sound to the minimum, she glanced up at his pleasured expression and gave a freaky look by puffing out his precum. To form a goofy smile.

Using her lips to spread his precum and her saliva across his own cock, she held onto him for support. Letting her mouth solely do the work she began bobbing her head, silently swallowing every inch and then puffing him out. Her face flushed then he could feel himself down her throat. She maintained it for a few moments, then appeared to choke before puffing it out.

Watching her try to maintain the silence in this hidden spot, the thrill he felt was constantly picking.

For the next two minutes she kept on puffing his cock out of her throat, her face completely flushed in silence. Her chin was dripping with his precum and her saliva.

And finally she seemed to give up on making him cum.

"Now your turn." She said while revealing a sultry smile. Lifting up her skirt with both hands.

Surprisingly she was wearing a thong, a pink sexy one at that.

Her attractive rear were left bare, with just a thin fabric covering her bothole down to her pussy.

Honestly...

’She’s sexy.’ At this sight, Max spared his mind a brief thought as he felt his lust peak.

"Huh? You like what you see?" Picking the intense glint in his eyes, Cinthya smirked.

"Oh." seemingly remembering something, Cinthya let go off her skirt and started unbuttoning the first few buttons of her shirt. Revealing her breasts caged in a bra. Slipping her hands through them, she seemed to struggle for a moment and then the next she had unclasped the bra, exposing it to be strapless.

Smiling, she folded the pad of it.

"This is my insurance, can’t promise to keep my mouth shut when you drill through me you know? I also don’t want to entertain that old man." With that she inserted it inside her mouth. Gagging herself, he could see the sluty glint flash past her eyes as she took up her skirt once again. Bending, she held onto the shelf with one hand while the other held up her skirt.

’Such inviting ass.’

Silently stepping closer, he grabbed both sides of her rear. Feeling their hard suppleness, he shook them for a while. Then his hands traced her thong. Sliding beneath it at some point,his fingers soon touched her shaven tender clits. Finding it to be wet from her arousal. She trembled slightly under his touch.

Max used his other hand to wank his dick a bit before placing it between her ass.

Driven by a desire to try new things. He carefully rubbed the entrance of her clit a bit, slipping one of his fingers between the tender bud.

"Hmmm." She released a barely audible erotic breath.

"Hmmm." She squirmed as he began slowly gently rubbing it. Perhaps it was because he felt he had time and was not too consumed to rush things. He wanted to feel certain things about this pussy.

Soon afterwards, he slipped his finger a bit deep soaking it more in her arousal.

Exiting, he pushed it back in, because he sensed she was squirming. Right now her wall was clenching tight around his finger. Proving to be quite tight. He felt it release all of a sudden, and her legs threatened to collapse.

’She came?’

Taking a glance at his finger, he let her take in the wave of pleasure before inserting something much bigger.

Holding the tip of his hard cock close to the slip slit. He slowly pushed it inside. Each inch take a momentum of two seconds as it slided in.

"Hmm &$#."

There was a squirming, almost inaudible whimper. Pushing her ass to take in the remaining inch,she briefly shuddered. Overwhelmed by the feeling of his cock filling every inch inside her cave and the stretching intent it carried.

"Hmmm" her moan was stifled by the bra in her mouth.

In contrast, Max clenched his teeth savoring the bliss her kitty provided his cock by clenching it tightly.

They maintained the position for four five seconds, savoring the pleasure they provided each other before he felt her hole release its right hold over him.

"Mmmm" her stifled moans reached him again.

Grabbing the shelf tighter, she steadied her arm for his next intrusion.

Slowly taking out his thick, he halted and grabbed her waist with one hand, leaving the other on her ass cheeks. He slowly slid it back in, causing her to clench tighter around him. Squeezing past the tightness though, he exited her and quietly slid it back in.

Glancing down, his cock was covered in her slimy liquid. Yet still thrusting, she shuddered each time he silently paved his way into her depth.

The slow sex they were having while trying to maintain the silence was torturing and thrilling at the same time. Only their huffed breath could be held trying to hold back the pleasure. Other than that, there was also a silent sloshy sound from his thrust parting her tender part.

She had climaxed twice, but now he could sense that she had gotten fatigued from bending all over while receiving his quiet thrust.

He also missed the sight of her boobs trembling silently while she received his thrust.

"Hmmmm." She moaned, cumming for the third time and detaching her ass from his dick. She turned wanting to bend and give him a blowjob but he stopped her and did something unexpected.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75: -Library ²-***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Staring into her bright eyes that was lit with lust for a moment,he pressed a kiss to her neck.

"Hmmmm" her neck jerked, he could feel her body shudder from the feeling of his lips pressing against her neck.

But this was only a distraction for what he did next.

"Hmmmm" she moaned.

Sliding his arms between her legs, he lifted her up before she knew it.

In reaction, seeing her view being raised as she could now stare directing into his eyes. Her hand reflectively clung to shoulders.

Suddenly her whole view blurred in an instant. Recovering she felt herself being pressed against the hard, her legs parted open as he stationed his cock between them. Staring into each other’s eyes, she spitted out the bra as his lips came closer as a replacement.

"Hmmmm-" a split moment, the sound of her moan traveled down his throat as he speared her entrance with his new style.

Due her juice, parting both tender petals he slided in.

Using the weight of pressing her against the wall, although his thrust wasn’t swift. It was forceful at the end, ravaging her insides.

And right after he locked her mouth with his, muffling her moan. He saw her pupils widen.

’Fuck!’

Tasting the slimy fluid on her lips, he quickly reacted."-mm" releasing the rest of her moan.

"Isn’t it- yours- hmmm." Managing to find a cranky smile at his reaction, he heard her say. Moaning after from the adjustment of his cock inside her pussy.

After that though, she used the sleeve of her blazer to wipe her chin. And did the same to him. Smiling lustfully.

"Let’s continue where you stopped. Hmmmm" as her walls clenched tight around him.

He locked her lips in his mouth, stifling her moan as he followed with a second thrust.

Pressed to the wall, she was left with no choice than to be his glory hole.

Hastily breathing down each other’s throat as they had sexual intercourse. His thrust affirmed with force but silent, the pleasure of his inches buried inside her made her dig her fingers into his skin, wanting to escape from the excess pleasure.

"Hmmmm." As he erotic breath travelled down his throat.

Max stopped pressing her to the wall, her legs still locked in his arms, far from the solid floor.

She quickly adjusted her hold of his shoulders, realizing the style he wanted to strike with next.

Folding her arms firmly across his neck. He spread her legs wider, holding her hips out.

"Hmmmm-" his hip buckled, arching his waist upward. A dull clap was created as he closed into her depth. Causing her to moan inside his mouth, her whole body squirming as she hung on him.

"Hmmmm-" he went up again and she moaned, her breath hastily roaming his face as she persistently assaulted his mouth to calm the wave of pleasure she was feeling.

Welcoming her actions, he lifted her slightly upward and followed with the third thrust, then another, and another. Each time her arms squeezed tighter around his neck, as she gasped into his mouth.

Eventually she couldn’t take it anymore, she began gasping with her mouth wide open. Desperately trying to stifle it down, releasing soft sultry whimpers. Her eyes closed shut and opened sometimes with no pupils.

Only she knew how desperately she wanted to moan out loud. Gasping and shouting ",yes fuck me."

But she held on, break was already probably over and there might be some people in the library to read.

However, this thought aroused her more.

Fucking secretly while they read sounded insane.

Instantly her bliss peaked, her walls clenched tighter around the meaty rod that took pleasure in spearing her insides.

The only reprieve she could get was climax.

And when she did, her orgasm drenched the meaty rod.

But then she felt Max’s thrusting pace quicken.

The outputting waves of pleasure crashed with the one being inputted.

"Ahhh-" silently gasping "- you can spill it all inside me. I was prepared for this- ahhh- fill my womb with your seeds Max."

And that was the last trigger he needed, he thrusted inside her one last time. Locking her hips, he stilled, appearing to freeze while his thick seeds were being shot inside her waves by waves.

And about 15 seconds later he could feel his own seeds flowing back to him, due to having overfilled what it needed to.

Her hole was all squishy and sloshy

Eventually he let go of her legs.

Dropping her on the floor, she almost stumbled but held onto him.

Surprised by the sudden pain and alien feeling her own legs gave her from having being fucked. She smiled at him, whispering afterwards.

"Look what you’ve done, I probably won’t be able to use my legs for the next thirty minutes, and probably an hour before I can walk straight at least. I always knew you were good."

’Sure.’

Seeing him not respond, she shook her head.

’ What a jerk, we should probably still try these sometimes.’ thinking to herself, she glanced down at the limp member through his zip hole and bent to give it a clean suck before sitting to recover her walking ability.

Ding!

[Congratulations! Host has committed a heinous Taboo.]

[Granting Rewards...]

[Location of committed Taboo has triggered bonus rewards. Library]

[Not valid as a Taboo Task.]

[x5 Rewards]

[100 Promotion Points x5]

[500 Promotion Points ]

[A Rank Elite Student

Promotion Points: 5200/10000 to S Rank]

[0.1 Stats Point x5 Reward]

[0.5 Stats Point Reward]

[Due to Location of committed Taboo, Host shall receive Bonus Reward for fucking Non-target Cinthya in the Library.]

[Bonus Reward...]

[0.2 Stats Point]

[+150 Promotion Points]

[+2 Lustful Charm]

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan High School

Stats: 0.7

Charm- 16+²

Strength- 20.5

Agility- 16.8

Stamina- 35.

A Ranked Elite Student

Promotion Points: 5350/10000 to S Rank]

Special Ability: Mr Mystery

Quest: Become An SSS Rank Taboo Students: Requirements, performing Taboo Tasks.

Epic Task: Escapades with my...]

’ugh?’

As if sensing his confusion, the System kept on listing without being asked.

[+2 Lustful Charm: Host Charm increases when Host is in Lustful state, sexually attracting the opposite gender that happens to take curious interest in Host appearance.]

At this definition, he suddenly remembered Audrey.

’If this came earlier perhaps it wouldn’t have ended with a boob job but a serious fuck somewhere else.

Intruding his thoughts, he felt something smoothly rough, moist, snake around his limp cucumber. Slurping on it diligently until the slimy fluid that covered it was more.

But just then...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76: -Her Boyfriend -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Where’s it, last time I checked it was somewhere around here."

"I wonder why they would keep it here though. Damn, the silent is giving me second thoughts to be honest- Found you." With that, there was a dull thud as something fell to the ground. Probably the book.

Having stilled his breath, Max observed the bending shadow just half a meter from the his feet.

Fortunately the person only picked up the book and didn’t bother curiously checking behind the shelf. Departing shortly, two tense breaths were audibly released, dissolving the tension of almost being caught.

Glancing down at Cinthya who still remained sitted on the floor due to being unable to use her legs quite yet.

’I always thought leaving a girl unable to walk is something legendary... Turns out it really is, but the secret to it is fucking them in a very uncomfortable position, disabling the feel of their legs for a long while. Someone you’re able to lift for a long while at least.’

However upon remembering his milf neighbor.

’Definately not possible yet, but I should try it with Miss Linda next.’

"What are you looking at?" A hushed voice broke his thoughts, it turned out that he had been dazedly staring at her.

"Thank you." He muttered, pulling a stunned expression up her face before silently turning back.

...

Huff

Releasing a relieved breath, he glanced back at the closed door behind him.

’ That’s one of my most perfect blending.’ thinking about how he blended in with the reading lot without raising any suspicion , he nudged the bridge of his glass slightly and silently began walking forward.

Instead of bashing into an ongoing revision lesson, he had decided to spend the remaining minutes reading. And now that there was a lesson shift, he entered the class. Causing almost everyone to glance at him.

From how they looked at him, he could tell his absence was never missed.

Falling into a momentary silence, they resumed whatever it was they were doing.

However not long after he sat someone came to him.

’Simon?’

Gazing at the youth who stood before his desk. He kept his puzzled reaction to the bare minimum.

His expressionless eyes silently observing the former.

Whilst the former extended his hand to pass him to pass him an A4 paper sheet.

"We had a mock exam test, I filled in for you so you can have this.

The questions are mostly objective, so hurry."

Using a moment to digest his words.

"Thanks." Max nodded, collecting the paper.

’It’s always that time when you decide to not be around.’

Quickly scanning the questions, he brought out an answer booklet and began thicking. Tickin

A minute later he was done, dropping the pencil by the side. He handed it over to Simon who looked like he had seen a ghost before walking away.

After that nothing noteworthy happened and he was back home.

However, he was about to drive into the driveway when he spotted a fancy blue Lamborghini. Parked in his spot, something that had never happened before.

Frowning slightly, he smiled.

" I never knew you would see the light of the day again." Speaking to himself in a commenting tone, he appreciatively took in the slick appearance of his sister’s luxury vehicle. The ride he never saw her drive. He couldn’t help but let the grudge of her using his spot dissolve.

However as he began pulling on reverse, he saw the duplex’s door open to reveal a dashing guy with a solid figure step out.

Glancing back at the closed door, the guy began rubbing his blue hair frustratedly. Took off his jean jacket and began stomping on it aggressively.

Even more, he was wearing what seemed to be Elite Metropolitan High Uniform beneath. Taking off his loosen tie, he also flung it away.

He continued for about 15 seconds while Max watched, his eyes keen with solemn interest from inside the Car.

’Huh? She brought him home?’

Of course he knew who the guy was. He was Evelyn’s boyfriend. The bastard jerk she had fallen for. Quite ironic, because he had chosen to stay out of his sister’s business than tell her what he knew about her boyfriend.

From the look of it however, the two couples were experiencing turbulence times.

Seemingly done with venting out, the guy picked up both his tie and Jean jacket. Before heading towards his car-

"Yo!" Pulling a stunned look he threw back his head a bit, a lot of things suddenly clearing up in his mind as the guy revved up the engine before pulling a quick reverse out of the drive. Sparing no glance to the parked antiqued car before by the driveway turn.

Vroom! The engine roared and the Lamborghini sped off disappearing from sight shortly after that...

Silence filled the car- "Like- she gave it to him?" Shaking his head slightly he started the car. Pulling a stop,he realized there was a black tire track on the driveway which was usually a stark contrast of white made of granite.

’That bastard.’ frowning slightly he walked into the house to see it quite scattered.

Pillows were lying scattered close to the door. Apparent that it had been thrown at someone, his brows furrowed as he carefully scanned the usually arranged interior.

From how it looked, it was like a heated exchange had taken place.

He was about to take a step forward, however, he heard a weeping sound. Turning towards the little wine cellar. He saw his sister wiping her tears.

Catching his gaze, she picked up a bottle and began scurrying upstairs.

Surprised to see her in uniform for the first time.

’Well I don’t blame you- if only your father didn’t make that cellar easily accessible.’

To be honest he didn’t quite feel sorry over her relationship mishap, but was glad instead for her sake. For whatever she was crying for was hers to bear.

Quick Note: I’ll be uploading 3 chaps a day or 18 a week.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77: -Invitation-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Wednesday

Wistfully taking in the panorama view of the pitch, Max released a little sigh. Lost in a seasonal nostalgic feeling, he couldn’t help rethinking the lone path he had chosen as he stared down at the bustling field with ongoing sport activities before the gridiron match would begin.

Earlier this morning, not long after waking up he received a text then a call from Miss Dalia. Though she acted a bit nervous as per usual, she told him her mother had an emergency surgery and she needed to be there. Repeatedly apologizing through text for canceling their scheduled date since she would be away for at least two weeks.

Making a quick calculation, he summed it up, that it would be a few days done with their exam, and waiting for results before she returned.

He didn’t think much of it then, quietly telling her it was ok.

He already had quite the draining schedule anyway. Thinking to himself how he was going to fuck the massively chested Miss Rose above the rooftop.

Only to discover later that her stargram id no longer existed. As if that wasn’t enough to twist his plans, she hasn’t been to school this week either.

Now he was strapped off both exciting experiences on the day it was supposed to happen. The disappointment.

While he sat watching the field from the ascending row of seats able to accumulate 800 students, he also breezed through his memories.

About thirty minutes later, the rugby players took over the field. While the rest of the students from all three classes took their seats.

Unlike last week’s game the crowd was less rowdy. And quite disheartened that the S Ranked Elites Students didn’t dare show their face again.

Now facing against themselves, the crowd was also less united.

Both teams were composed of players from all three classes.

Gazing towards the technical area, there was no sign of the female instructor from last week.

’Miss Charlotte.’ Max thought inwardly, catching sight of the new instructor strutting down the side lines as he shouted towards the teams.

"Buckle up!" It wasn’t known who he shouted at, but he frustratingly took off his track top after that. Revealing his bulky dark arms and intimidating physical appearance.

"Now that’s who we call a coach!"

Someone from the crowd shouted, while some of the girls giggled at the boys beside them whose muscles were nothing to compare.

Storm and Taurus were on the same team facing off against Volkan and Jamming Bull, a fat sturdy youth who knew how to use his size.

After the center ball snapped, the opposite began a serious tackle, trying to lock down Storm who was the ace of the other but failed. Taurus already covered a few yards free and received the pass. But before he was able to steady his feets, Jamming Bull was already by his side and tackled him down before he was able to cover ten yards.

Going for a second touchdown.

The match was very friendly, filled with camaraderie. And just as the game went on-

Ding!

[System has discovered that a level of tabooness accessible to the Host is going on twenty meters around the Host.]

[Taboo Tasks]

[Target: Wu Lian]

’ugh?’ His pupils darted across the holographic screen but stilled on the target’s name. Surprised because he knew who Wu Lian was and was already planning an adventure with her soon.

His eyes quickly darted between the back seat settings upward of the stand.

And as soon as he did, he caught sight of a striking jet black, long hair. Finding it familiar,he silently observed the figure for a moment. And indeed it was her.

Reading while the game went on, she appeared to be concentrating on the book.

Her two hands held the book, but looking intently, she was clenching the book tight. Expressing a slight tremor, her body quivered from time to time, and her neck arched somewhat.

Each time she realized her movement was getting noticeable, she would press the back thing in her hand which he had no doubt was a button. Falling on her back afterwards, she would drop the book, turning the next page before raising the book back to her face. Those sitting on that row of seats were four to six seats away from her on both sides. Somehow she didn’t arouse suspicion from them.

’ It’s crazy that she has a vibrator strapped on- and I like that.’

Silently watching her from behind, he felt a bit aroused.

But before he could fall deep into temptation, his phone buzzed. Not just his, a few notification ringtone could be heard from the rowdy crowd. Those who had gotten the same messages.

It was a message from the school sent to his email.

(Student: Max Rider.

A Ranked Elite Student

You’ve been invited to Anita’s birthday party.

Time: Friday Night: 8pm

Address: School’s White House

Highly important to attend, crucial for Rank advancement.)

(Scan Qr code for Identity Verification)

At the end was a black white Qr code.

Just as he read it through, a sudden murmur bursted out from the spectating crowd.

"Hehe, I was invited."

"What do you mean you were invited and I wasn’t?"

There was a speechless look on the other youth’s expression, then he stretched out his phone to the other person.

"Are you dumb? I am an A Rank Elite Student and you’re B.

Dude, does the fact we are in the same class make you think I am as unserious as you?"

"Bastard, I know that. But there was a recent rumour that B Ranked would also be invited."

"Pffft, you believed? Moron, this is the school’s system and the school is in charge of it, not the individual. Even if she said it, it doesn’t matter. Lazy ass like you should work more diligently and advance to A Rank so you’ll be invited to such an important gathering."

"Damn that David."

"Hehehe, I should start searching for something more classic than last time to wear."

Most of the crowd began disbanding before the match ended. Leaving the players on the field quite confused. Using the confusion, Storm scored a touchdown.

Winning the game.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78: - Drunk Sis-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Watching her walk down the stand, unsuspecting of his gaze he glanced at the holographic screen once more before willing it to disappear.

Descending towards the exit, the whole stand was filled with conversing chatter about the recent invitation. Mostly B and C Rank Students whose eyes shone with reverence about the White House and jealousy at the A Rank Students for receiving invites.

Some reactions were even pathetic.

After all, who wouldn’t want to get freaky all night.

And there was another thing, it was permitted to wear Max. A license to go on rampage with a hidden personality.

In barely one minute, Max learned a lot of things about the White House that he didn’t know happened or existed due to their discussion.

Everywhere was lively, however as he was passing the exit towards the second floor steps that would lead to the hallway.

"Move dummies." He heard a sassy berating voice from behind and a clear path quickly formed.

After the recent punching of a boy from Class 5, no one wanted to be the next in line to fall for Kats trap. Being a background character came at a price, which was having no influence or backing. And as they parted, Kats sassily walked past them alongside her cohort of girls.

Being amongst those who paused but didn’t directly move out of the way, he quickly attracted their attention.

Staring at him with haughty side glares, they halted sassily.

Unexpectedly their leader’s eyes widened, appearing speechless for a moment, then reacted to bypass the youth. Stunning her cohort who then reacted and followed her.

Amongst them, Sophia hesitated noticing he had cast his glance upon her. But then hastened her steps.

"What just happened?" Someone muttered speechlessly glancing at the departing infamous cohort of hot girls.

Many shared similar thoughts, glancing at Max inquisitively but then appeared to lose interest upon noticing there was nothing special about him. Maybe it was something else that caused Kats to walk away.

’That was unexpected.’ Both girls had been his first and second prey.

Resisting the urge to shake his head, he kept on walking.

It was break time but he decided not to go to the cafeteria, since he had been involved in a strange love dynamic the previous day.

Crackers, instead of Digestive,he decided to switch things up with Crackers for brunch.

Business Studies period came a little long later. Faced with the cold stern teacher, he curiously observed her.

Though she tried avoiding his eyes, they still clashed. Maintaining her cold facade to the best she could, she eventually ended the class very early without giving further instructions.

...

Reaching home, he found his sister drunk to a stupor and lying on the couch.

’She really takes after her father.’

Right as he was about to walk past her though, he heard her blurt out his name.

"Max?!..." Turning to glance at him, she took a short pause trying to force open her heavy eyes, but then decided to bend her head backward instead. Gazing at him with her lowered vision.

"Hehehe, Maximus! Oops- did I say that out loud?" Revealing a mischievous grin, her words were slurred, smiling cheekily afterwards as her eyes closed shut. Forced open a moment later, she drunkenly failed her arms, pointing at him afterwards.

"You- do you also think I’m a slut? Hehehehe - or a whore-" hiccuping, she held her chest,then made a cranky grin.

"Heheh- do you?" She pointed at him.

...

’What the fuck is she saying?’

Furrowing his brows at her words, he frowned slightly as she went on.

’Slut? Whore?’ Raising his brows as a sense of seriousness finally bloomed in his heart. He observed her for a moment before stepping forward,closer to her.

"What do you mean?" He said after a pause.

boo-hoo!

She bursted into a loud cry, hot tears streaming down her cheeks as she began weeping profusely.

’Wait, is she serious?’ Realizing she wasn’t making a joke. He struggled internally with himself before sitting down on the couch next to her.

Boo-hoo! a higher pitch, she shifted and hugged him tight before he knew it.

At the feeling of her surprisingly very soft chest pressing into him, he stilled his thoughts.Focusing on her arms around him instead, but then reluctantly surrendered to wrap his arm around her comfortingly.

He couldn’t be blamed, after all she was the one who paid her brother twenty-five thousand dollars every month to keep his mouth shut about being related to her.

’Well... families sometimes are the most complicated bunch.’ letting go off his grudge, he began patting her slightly as she cried on his shoulders. Ten minutes later, she was all asleep, breathing softly beside his ears.

He nodded slightly and gently placed her head on the couch. The very act disassociated from his personality but he nevertheless didn’t want to wake her up. Finding a strange peace in his heart at the sight of her sleeping so peacefully, he tried avoiding staring too much at her braless chest.

’Fuck!’

About to turn and leave, he ended up gently lifting her up.

Walking inside her room for the first time since the gods know when, he appreciated the light green, emerald and blue decorations before dropping her on the bed.

Closing the door shortly, he took a whiff of his uniform knowing the smell of alcohol had probably smeared him.

"That should be my limit."

Muttering to himself, he began heading towards his room. Taking a fresh bath afterwards, he decided to arrange the scattered house instead of calling the estate home cleaning service.

While doing so, he found her phone on the kitchen counter.

Playing a ’forward ringing tone’ as it rang. Before he could check on the caller though, it died. Showing a battery low icon before switching off.

Picking the phone, he pondered silently if he should plug it and try checking whatever might be going on that made her call herself a whore. However, he dropped the thought after a slight hesitation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79: - "Are you crazy?"-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Friday

Driving past the school gate, Max gazed at the grand three story building with anticipation glinting in his eyes.

Similarly alighting from their vehicles or walking into the building. Everyone dressed expensively casual, with either hoodies, pullovers, or jackets to ward off the cold due to the fact it rained earlier.

Globally, there wasn’t school today. But they were here because it was customary, and traditional- Holding an Educational Seminar on the last week day before the exam week.

"Yo dude, looking lit."

"I heard only three hundred of these sneakers were made last year. Don’t be surprised, I was able to acquire one too."

"Looking pretty Cecil."

"I know right? But you look even more gorgeous."

"Dude you bought a new ride?"

"Cool!"

Naturally glazing each other, they shook hands, exchanged hugs and began walking together.

Flipping back his hoodie, Max popped his hands inside its pocket before walking forward, joining the fray.

Five minutes later.

"Another exclusive place we only get to visit thrice a year." a boy muttered, patting his friend who similarly did the same as they both took in the sight of the grand dark lit theater.

Behind them, Max calmly waited for them to move out of the way. And when they did seem to realize they were obstructing the part of several others behind them, they quickly descended wanting to claim the few middle row seats remaining, since the frontal ones were indisputably for Class 1 and 2.

Stepping inside the theatre, Max’s eyes roamed the unoccupied seats.

Skipping the frontal and middle rows, the seats at the edge of the back rows were already occupied. Leaving the mid section empty, however those seats were soon going to end up taken if he didn’t act fast.

Walking to the third of the back row, he filled one of the five unoccupied seats remaining there. Leaving his phone on the seat right next to him as a sign that it was reserved. He silently willed on the Holographic screen to appear in order to kill time.

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan High School

Stats: 0.7

Charm- 16+²

Strength- 20.5

Agility- 16.8

Stamina- 35.

A Ranked Elite Student

Promotion Points: 5350/10000 to S Rank]

Special Ability: Mr Mystery

Quest: Become An SSS Rank Taboo Students: Requirements, performing Taboo Tasks.

Epic Task: Escapades with my Classmate.

Taboo Task

Target: Miss Rose

Taboo Task

Target: Wu Lian]

’I’m fully booked.’ Glancing to see two unfilled Tasks, he remembered the System stating he could only receive two Tasks at a time.

’ The earlier I clear it, the better.’

Willing for the screen to vanish, he watched as a young man who seemed to be in his late twenties stepped up the stage. Causing the already dark lit theatre to turn pitch black for a moment. And then the whole stage lit up with a focused light, being the only source of light in the Theatre.

Surprisingly, the bright light was from a projector. And soon several graphics were projected, joining to play an introduction video.

"Hi, My name is Johnathan Steve."

"Some of you might know me and some might not."

"But- Not to be arrogant, I believe you all know me. Because statistically, Sophomores spend a minimum of at least 4 hours on social media daily. And as a rising global star in Microchip implant production..."

It paused, the man on the stage then turned and pointed at the projected graphics.

"I’ll only be spending 1 hour thirty minutes of your time today as a Chief Speaker-"

However, interrupting not only Max’s focus but those among the back rows.

A Zoologist Moth[1] fragrance waffled into his nose. Making heads turn, he felt a soft pat on his shoulder.

But upon realizing who it was, his furrowed brows softened.

Silently taking back his phone from the seat, he could feel many eyes focus on them.

"It seems I came later than intended ?" She whispered, taking the seat next to him.

Tilting a bit to take in her appearance.

She was wearing a short black vintage casual dress with long puff sleeves. A black cross necklace latched her neck.

Glancing at her legs, she was wearing thin black lace stockings that dulled the attraction of her contrasting snow white skin. And a pair of heavy black boots.

Smiling as she noticed his observation, she seemed not to care of the other eyes tracing her features, and whispered into his ears.

"Don’t act mute, you like what you see?"

’Right , I don’t need to play mute this time.’

Ignoring the jealous glance from the surrounding seats, he smiled.

"Hot?" He complimented, faking a thoughtful look.

"You don’t look bad yourself." Whispering, she moved closer-

"So what’s your crazy plan?"

In response, he smiled and withdrew with a nod.

’Taboo Wish Grant: I wish to be unseen and unnoticed while carrying out my heinous Taboo act.’

After intense deliberation, he figured out how to speak in the System’s language in order to properly activate his wish.

And just as he did,

Ding! The system holographic screen appeared.

[Host confirmation needed to fulfill wish.

Activate wish: Yes/No]

Not hesitating, he willed on the yes option.

And when he did, he felt the whole world being blanketed in silence. Or perhaps it was just his ears that had turned dumb.

But glancing to his side, he saw those that had been observing them tilt their head elsewhere with look of disinterest. Then it was like they didn’t exist.

"Fuck!" He cursed but no one seemed to pay attention to him, except from Wu Lian, the Asian gothic girl beside him, ehi revealed a funny expression.

Ding!

[1:59:40]

A timer appeared, causing him to pause ashr realized what I meant.

Letting go of his restraint, he used one swift motion to draw Wu Lian close.

"Ah" she let out a slight gasp in surprise. Feeling her body pressing against his chest, and his face only an inch away.

Instantly, her playful expression broke.

Realizing that the people around them must have turned to glance at her.

She wanted to instantly break free.

P

"Are you crazy-"

Shutting her up, Max calmly watched her pupils widen as his tongue parted her lips.

’I told you

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80: - A Crazy Scenario -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’I told you so.’

It was as if she had realized the same thing.

His tongue parted her lips, forcing its way into her mouth as it tingle tongue.

’This...?’

She forcefully struggled, trying to release herself from his arm that had coiled around her waist. Forcing her into his embrace, while his eyes seemed to stare into her soul. Down to her innermost desire.

The shock, the sense of panic, fear of being exposed to several eyes. And much deeper than that, the thrill it was being converted into.

’Fuck it!’ she cursed in her mind, staring at his face with a blazing curiosity at the thought of what could have made him so bold.

She felt so aroused and instantly embraced his wantonly roaming tongue in her mouth.

"Hmmmmm!" She moaned, feeling shy for the first time because of those that were probably staring at them. But still welcomed him nevertheless.

Smooch!

Not caring anymore, she held his head and began contending with tongue.

"Hmmm! Hmmm! Hmm!" Her breath was erratic,trying to match the pace of his tongue. She was like a hungry ravenous fox.

Their battle continued for about a minute but lost in heated lust.

"Hmmmm!" She exhaled loudly, heaving heavily as her eyes shone with clear lust.

However, having expected to see many bulging eyes, and a disorganized crowd surrounding them. She became speechless seeing them nonchalantly discussing between themselves while some appeared to be focused on what the man on the stage was explaining.

She heard them all , loud and clear. Yet they seemed unable to take note of her. It was like the whole world forgot who she was.

There was only one person that could be responsible for this. She tilted her head,to see Max’s eyes silently searching hers.

As if expecting her reaction, he revealed a smirk.

"Physics?" shrugging his shoulders harmlessly.

Whilst she stared speechlessly at him like she had heard the dumbest thing ever.

’ How can Physics comprehend this?’ she thought, musing about her unrealistic worldview.

"You’re a wizard?" She said to him in surprise, no longer bothering to keep her voice low.

But Max shook his head negatively in response, causing her to put her hand on his shoulder.

"Come on, I believe magic is real but I didn’t know it could be so powerful."

"Ahhhhhh!" She shouted to the top of her tongue but the world simply ignored her.

"Fucking insane! This is like my best fantasy."

"Come here." Grinning,she dropped her fancy hand bag and straddled him to his seat.

"Oh my."

She pressed her lips into his, holding his shoulders tight and they began their second round of exchange.

Letting her have the upper hand, she used more to press him down. Exchanging carnal erotic breath, she began sucking on his tongue.

Not long after, Max found her little ass and comfortably massaged its little thickness through the fabric of her dress. Not satisfied, he slipped his hand underneath her dress. Coming in contact with her lace stockings that obstructed him from feeling her thighs.

"Tear them." He heard her whisper into his ears, heaving after breaking free from his lips.

"Hmmmm." Releasing a soft gasp, she felt his warm palm against her thigh.

It took Max a single seconds to tear a straight line through the stockings, slipping underneath to grab her thighs. He erotically caressed them, causing her to kneel up on his body and give him more access to her ass.

"Hmmm!" She gasped softly. However as he was about to wander upward, she held back his hands.

Shuddering from the bliss, she smiled at him.

"Before that let me help you with this." He heard her say, sitting on him as she began rubbing her ass against his bulge. Causing him to groan in pleasure before she stood up.

Going on her knees.

Of course her black lips had been ruined, but watching her grin while taking a whiff of his erection heated his hardness.

"Argh." Groaning because she grab his bulge. He watched her massage it through his jean pants for a short moment before she tucked on his belt. Unbuckling it then pushing down the iron zip to reveal a bigger tent.

"Oh my, you’re very big." Showing a surprised look, she slowly tucked down his boxers like she was opening a gift box, only for his dick to spring up in all glory. Forcing its way from the elastic fabric.

Already on her knees, she smiled at his observing eyes.

Taking hold of his dry shaft, she stretched out her tongue, shaking it . Then took his cock and brought it closer.

Soon the steamy meaty piece was on her tongue, scrubbing against her tongue as sloshy disappeared henceforth. Down until she appeared to be gagging, and latched her dainty lips around his base. Causing him to take a deep breath afterwards.

"Argh!" Groaning.

Slurp! She bobbed her head, swallowing down his inches once more.

She performed the art thrice more before finally letting out a satisfied breath.

Wrapping her fingers around his girth, she appeared to be taking in the detail of a real cock for the first time.

Slurp! After a few seconds, she swallowed him and began a serious blowjob.

Spitting on his girth, she stroked him up from the base. Increasing and decreasing her pace each time before popping him back inside her mouth.

She would then deepthroat him, spitting out his precum from suffocation, only to take him out and lick him clean.

She didn’t swallow it, but instead brought out her tongue and played with it. While also stroking his shaft.

Planting a soft kiss on the plump head of his cock,she swallowed him. Gagging herself before exiting with a flushed face.

Slurp!

"Mmmmm!"

"You’re the first I’m tasting."

Showing him his sticky precum, she dey spitted it on his cock. And began stroking him, making sure his breath quickened as he savored the pleasure with half closed eyes.

Slurp!

Creating a sloshy sound, she stroked him hard with both. Spitting repeatedly on it, until he was lost in the reverie of bliss.

Despite the loud sound, none in the theater seemed to notice them.

"Argh"

He shot his first wave of seeds on her face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81: - A Crazy Scenario -***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Argh"

He shot his first wave of seeds on her face.

Then splattered her nose and mouth with his hot sticky cum.

Her eyes closed, she welcomed his sticky semen by shaking her head for it to splatter all over her face.

"Argh" Max released a satisfactory grunt, opening his eyes to find her face creampied.

A moment later his dick turned half limp, bending shyly before her scrutinizing eyes.

"Awwwnn." Staring at his cock with a slurty smile, she licked the sticky cum that splattered around her lips.

"I so fucking love this."

Smiling cockily at the unsuspecting crowd of students around them, she took in his half limp brother in her mouth again.

Slurp!

Vigorously licking it, she gave it a suction suck. Popping it as she wanked him with her tongue.

At the feeling of his dick receiving a rough ride inside her mouth, it steadily began to assimilate, turning rigid mere moments later.

Slurp!

Smiling slutily at his awakened member, she licked the girth, stroking it a few times before raising up her gown to reveal the sexy thong she wore beneath.

"How about tearing it off, I don’t need it anymore."

Towards her words, he stretched his hands and tore the thin fabric apart.

Revealing her white tender skin, a thin hair tracing down to wet pinky slit.

"I’m all yours daddy." Seductive straddling him, she brought her lips close to his ears, her hands wrapped around his neck.

"Ah-hh- hhh!"

At the beginning it was brittle and low, almost inaudible.But as she slowly buried more of his inches between her wet pussy walls. Her breath cracked then turned to a loud gasping moan after she took a little bit than half his whole length.

Gasping beside his ears, he could tell that she was bordering on bliss and pain.

Unable to take in further due to the tightness of her pussy, she halted her descent. Gasping erotically, as the feeling of his cock, steaming hot inside her caused her eyes to tightly shut close.

"Ah" her moan was light and filled with satisfaction. Ascending, she slowly sat back down on it. Moaning ever so lightly like a kitten.

Whilst Max silently closed his eyes, enjoying her melodious moan as it was the only thing he could hear. Then there was the bliss of her walls.

Mostly keeping his hand to himself as he wanted to enjoy a new realm of fantasy.

"Ah– ahh- ahhh." For the next five minutes, riding him slowly and gently, she kept moaning besides his ears while the theatre remained oblivious to their act.

At this moment, however -

"Ahhhh- yesssss!" She arched her body upward, her hands curling tighter around his neck. A warm Waze of her nectar trailed out down his cock from her wet pussy.

"Yesss!" She exhaled erotically.

"You’re done?" Whispering into her ears, she seemed to break free from her daze and half sat upright, half his hard cock still buried inside her. Staring merrily at the bus face, she smiled.

"Perhaps you ought to show me how it’s done. I can’t properly fit in this, real cocks ought to be more pleasurable after all... Fuck me, fuck and bury all of it inside of me." Whispering the latter end, Max felt his cock becoming more rigid.

Revealing a cruel smile,

"Don’t beg me to stop."

With that he pressed her lips close to his, causing her to gasp in surprise but nevertheless embracing the pleasure. Whilst his hand wandered, soon finding the zip of her gown and extending to open it with one swift motion.

Slipping underneath her dress, he folded the helm and extended his hands to raise it up.

Breaking their kiss,she raised her hands up, revealing to him that she had no bra on while pulling off the gown.

"Ahhh-" she gasped, entrenching herself above his cock once more.

Having taken off her dress, he was presented with a gothic asian beauty strandling half his cock inside her.

Her snow white skin was without blemish, and at the sight of her fairly small tits all white with a pinky tiny point.

He hungrily latched to her bress, causing her to gasp erotically as she clung to his shoulders.

"Hmmmmm"

"Hmm"

The former was her moan and the later was the sound of his hasty breath as sucked her tits.

Grazing her nipples and tingling them with his tongue, repeatedly caused her to gasp, hijacking her body each time.

In only about two minutes, she had lost control of her breath.

"Hmmm- hmmmm- hmmm!" Repeatedly gasping.

Having left several bite marks on her breasts, he savored her blemished skin a bit. Before standing up, her legs clenched around him.

Turning, he placed her down on the seat. Freeing her legs from his waist,he spread them open in two opposing directions.

Rubbing her clits with his fingers, she jerked, squirming in response while also moaning.

"Ahhh- hmmm." She grabbed the other seats, shuddering as she arched her neck backwards.

"Hmmmm"

He rubbed her clit for the next few seconds and then stopped.

Her eyes gleamed with thrilled anticipation.

Firmly grabbing her by the waist with one hand, Max held his cock still and brought it closer to the pink slit.

Pointing his dick at her entrance, he gently placed the tip between both petals. Teasingly sliding between them, he slapped it with his dick causing her to squirm and shudder.

Still not inserting the whole tip, he watched her suffer in bliss. While her eyes burned with carnal desires.

Biting her lips, she gritted her teeth. Not wanting to give the satisfactory moan he wanted.

"Ahhh-" her mouth opened, gasping in pleasure. Max pulled back the tip as a smirk curled up his lips.

He teasingly played with her pussy a bit, watching her squirm with unsatisfied desire.

Unable to hold on anymore longer, she begged.

"Ahhhh- please fuck me."

Closing her eyes afterwards, she welcomed the pleasure of his head pushing past her entrance and going deeper than before.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82: -A Crazy Scenario³ -***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This time, inserting more than the tip,he felt her shudder like a vibrating pad before climaxing on his cock.

"Hmmmm- ahhhhhh!" wanting to shove him sway to stop him from thrusting deeper into her, Max held her hands.

With one push, he easily slid deeper.

Whilst, she looked like her brain had been short-circuited and froze in place. Savoring the feel of his plump hard cock entrenching deep within her pussy for the first time.

It took about five seconds before she seemed to recover her brain activity.

"Hmmmmm!" She exhaled in blis, biting her lips slutily and began rubbing her clit.

Halfway exiting her pussy, Max paused and thrusted back in. Causing her to moan loudly while holding onto the seats.

Watching her breasts tremble each time he performed the same trick. He kept his target straight and began consecutively hitting the goal without stop.

"Hmmmm- yesssss- ahhhh- fuck me- hmmm, yesss , deeper, yesss!"

Spreading her legs wide, then going halfway on his knees, Max thrust was sharp and steady. Causing her breasts to tremble each time, and her moan interrupted as he slammed deeper inside.

"Yeah- deep- deeper." She removed his hand from her waist and brought it to hold her necklace. Smiling lewdly between each thrust

"Yes- yes- yess..." she repeatedly moaned, as he kept on smashing, spreading her other leg wider that it was almost touching the person on the seat closer to them.

"Ah– ah– ahh"

Her moans were loud, but the whole Theatre never noticed or heard anything.

"Hmmmmmmmmmmm! Yesssssss!"

It was like her nervous system had been hijacked, vibrating, her pupils rolled backwards.

She forcefully wanted to close her legs but he held them still.

His cock was still buried inside her, and at this moment. He felt a big wave orgasm crushing against his already imprisoned dick between her walls.

He could feel his balls swelling from the pleasure. Unwilling, he let go of her necklace and wrestled both of her legs into his arm, drawing her close. He began a fast furious thrust, crushing the resistance of her pussy. She shuddered more, her legs trying to clamp close each time but couldn’t. The wave of pleasure was kept at bay.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!" She moaned out loud after his last thrust.

At the time,

"Argh!" Max groaned out loud , unable to contain the pleasure any longer and shot his sticky hot semen inside her womb.

The other women he had been with were all on contraceptives, so he didn’t think much before spewing his seeds inside her.

Closing his eyes shut, he didn’t notice Wu Lian’s eyes shot up.

They both stayed in the position of his last thrust for the next thirty seconds, Before he broke free.

Staring at her stark naked body of unblemished snow white complexion. He glanced at her tits, which still had his bite marks and moved to latch on to them.

"Hmmmm" she gasped, playful holding his limp cock in response. Then he wrapped his arms around her. Assisting her to stand, they stared into each other’s eyes and began kissing once more.

"Hmmmm-" she moaned not from the kiss but the feeling of his one finger inside her cum filled pussy. Stroking and rubbing her clits. He used the slimy fluid to slip his other finger with a little ease. Causing her to moan.

"Hmmmm-"

While right hand played with her pussy, his left hand grabbed her rear and heartily massaged them.

Reciprocating his touch, she was futilely jerking his limp dick. Wanting it to rise from the dead as it soon did.

"Hmmmmmmmmmmm!" She moaned deeply, cumming on his fingers as they broke their kiss. Also letting go of her ass. She smiled and went on her knees. Softly kissing his half limp dick, before popping it inside her mouth. Licking off both of their dried fluid.

Slurp! Slurp!... She kept sucking, while no one seemed to pay attention to the two two people. One naked and sucking dick. The other standing as he received a blowjob in their obliviousness.

Crazy, everything seemed crazy. Yet both went on without care.

Pressing her head to swallow him up. He inhaled slightly, savoring the bliss of her tongue coiling around his dick.

And then he felt it, his arousal picking. As lust was steadily being reignited in his heart.

The desire to pound, the desire to make her moan out loud. The joy every time he thrusted and there was a Kpa sound.

Slurp!

With one last suck, his dick wantonly bounced at it rigidly pointed straight.

Smiling I’m satisfaction, the Asian girl stood up. Bending over the seat and kept her ass out for him to pound from behind.

Smack!

Slapping her ass, he held it with one hand and used his other to locate her entrance. Slipping the head of his cock inside, he thrusted, using enough to shift her balance.

"Ahhhh-" she moaned.

Grabbing both of her rear, he began to slowly thrusting forward. And soon he began to pistol with force.

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!

His balls jingled, just like boobs would have if it was big enough. Slapping against her clit. Her moans never ceased but had become a song instead.

"Ahhh- ahhh- yesss- hmmmm- yess- fuck- fuck me- fuck me deeper- ahhhhhhhhh - yesss- destroy my cu- ahhh!" Her words were repeatedly interrupted by his next thrust, ramming into her from behind.

The bliss was peak.

Unnoticed by the gathering on student,he kept on fucking her from behind for ten minutes, making her cum twice while he cummed once.

She spent seven minutes trying to revive his cock once more but failed. Eventually he had to finger her twice after that.

And when he finally rose again, they went four the fourth round.

She rode him, this time fully taking in his whole left. He sucked on her breasts as she did. Slapping and spanking her ass untill they both cummed.

Everything happened so fast and crazy, soon her back her dress with nothing underneath. There was fifteen minutes left till the seminar ended and 40 minutes till his wish ended.

Aroused by the thoughts of what they had been doing so far, his dick sprang back to life. Unzipping his pants, she brought it out and sat on him.

Twerking her waist, she gave him a lap dance. 2 minutes before the conference ended, he cummed inside her for the fifth time.

The conference ended but he kept on fingering her inorder for his wish not to deactivate till they reached her car.

There she tried awakening him but failed. He waited until she got out of the school gate before turning towards his own car.

Ding!

[Wish Deactivated]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83: -Rewards -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ding!

[Wish Deactivated]

Recovering his hearing, at the same time, the world around him regained clarity.

Anticipating what was to come next-

Ding! Ding!

For the first time, the System rang two consecutive times before a blue holographic screen appeared before him.

[Congratulations to Host for completing Third Taboo Task]

[Granting Rewards...]

[... Host has triggered an Accomplishment Rate Evaluation...]

[Evaluating...]

[Target: Wu Lian: Taboo Confirmed, Accomplished... x5 Rewards]

[Location: Theatre... x10 Rewards]

Evaluation Complete: A+ Completion Rate.]

[Granting Rewards...]

[x15 Rewards...of points & stats]

[Penis Growth Enhancement (will to activate use).]

[100 Promotion Points... x15 Rewards]

[1500 Promotion Points]

[A Rank Student:

Promotion Points: 6850/10000]

[0.1 Stats Point... x15 Rewards]

[1.5 Stats Point Reward]

[Bonus Reward... ]

[+1 Stats Point]

[+200 Promotion Points]

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan High School

Stats: 3.2

Charm- 16+²

Strength- 20.5

Agility- 16.8

Stamina- 35.

A Ranked Elite Student

Promotion Points: 7050/10000 to S Rank]

Special Ability: Mr Mystery

Quest: Become An SSS Rank Taboo Students: Requirements, performing Taboo Tasks.

Epic Task: Escapades with my Classmate ...]

’Penis growth enhancement?’ Max was stomped seeing this.

Suppressing his excitement he continued re-reading what was written on the holographic screen inorder to grasp the details much more clearly.

And as he did, he glanced back up to his accumulated stats points he was yet to use.

Resisting the urge to use them,he quelled his excitement and calculated the remaining amount of points he needed to advance.

’A total of 3000?’

He let out a relieved breath and glanced back to Penis Growth Enhancement. Hesitating, he willed for the screen to disappear and got inside his car.

Hitting the pedals aggressively as he drove past the school gate.

He got home just right about two hours later with his customized suit for tonight’s birthday party in hand. Even booking an appointment with the estate’s hair salon.

Entering the house, he found it strangely neater than it was before he left. The remnants smell of strong liquor was no more and the air smelled nicer.

But instantly attracting his attention as he tried taking a careful survey of the house. He saw what seemed to be a covered dish on the table, with a half folded cardboard paper placed on it.

’ugh?’

Raising his brows, he carefully walked towards it. Picking up the cardboard paper. Not long after, it drifted from his fingers and fell to the ground.

(Thank You Maximus) With a painted red heart next to it, his hand remained hanging in the air for thirty seconds before he recovered from his shock.

Carefully raising the cover, his shock extended and he froze for another five seconds.

There on the table was a salivating dish, his favorite, and the previous Max’s too.

Scrambled eggs with bacon.

’ I’m I dreaming?’ he thought, unconvincingly staring at the dish, he curiously and gently picked it up. Using a fork to take a bite.

"Hmmm."

’ Since when did she know how to cook?’ dropping the bag, he held the plate with one hand while using his other to feed himself. Nodding speechlessly as he took the next bite.

It took less than two minutes to scramble the plate clean.

Then balancing it with a glass of water. Belching afterwards, he was stunned to see a frozen figure on the stairs.

It was his sister, Evelyn, wearing a loose top and bum shorts.

Seeing him turn and glance towards her, she hurriedly went back up the stairs.

’what the fuck?’ glancing at the empty plate, he embarrassedly facepalm.

..

Meanwhile, faraway, somewhere unknown.

In a grand sized office that seemed to be from the 18s. Decorated with ancient old antiques that would each cost several million dollars in the outside world. A man with a broad physical appearance gave short bow to the old strangely beautiful woman sitting behind the large office desk.

"...You might not be my blood... but they are still my children."

Already engaged in a conversation , the man stayed silent for a short while before replying.

"If you say so, then you’ll have to raise my family’s priority.

You’ll have to include both of them in the family main line.

He might not be so outstanding but his sister has the potential to become a Major elite in the next world. Securing the Family for the next hundred years to come." His voice void of emotions, the man stated his conditions without batting an eye to the woman.

"Bold words Sebastian..." gazing at the man, the old woman came to a silent pause as her lips curled into a cunning smile.

"And who says My Family doesn’t already have a progressing SSS Ranked Student." The woman said inquisitively, causing the man to raise his head up.

Seemingly unable to play cool any longer, he grinned.

"Oh spare me that. It’s no longer a secret that you fell to a hidden identity troup. The docile bastard you married for your daughter turned out to be an heir to the Evergreen Family. And now your grandson is on the verge of turning over to the other side.

Sorry, but I might as well turn over to secure a better future for my kids elsewhere, you don’t need to pretend like everything is ok, Old Wrench."

To the man’s words, the woman clenched her hands into a fist to suppress her anger.

Forcing a smile, she stared at the man like she wanted to tear a hole through him.

"We have a deal... Sebastian."

Grinning, the man gave a short bow and smugly left the office.

Watching his departing back, the woman pressed the hidden button fixed to the deck’s compartment.

"Report." She commanded, releasing hold of the button a moment later.

"Nice."

...

Staring at the rows of information on the list, Max frowned. Silently clicking the mouse then scrolling down the page.

"So that was what happened."

.

.

QN: Comment for Discord link-

Support: Gifts, Golden Tickets and Power Stones. Appreciated.

J h h u u

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84: -New Ride-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

8pm

It was dark and cold outside, having just witnessed another downpour.

Silently admiring his handsome reflection. Max licked his lips, and tilted his head sideways. Flickering his short mullet cut, he raised his chin, checking out his sharp jawline and the simple diamond ring he wore on his finger.

Money, it was really expensive but it was all worth it.

Tonight he felt different for unknown reasons. At first he played it cool and okay about going to a party but lost it at some point while thinking about his previous life. How he had been a fat fuck and often felt embarrassed going to a party because of it- he decided he was going to be different in this life. Though the decision was an abrupt one, tonight he wanted to go to a party without feeling any of his past insecurities.

He appreciated his sharp handsome look, with his gloomy dull hairstyle now transformed into something striking, he was like a whole new person. Not to look too indistinguishable from his usual self though, he bought a new pair of glasses to compliment his outfit.

It was supposedly a black tuxedo suit but he had it customized.

Not only taking out the nice little tie, he swapped the inner shirt for a body fitting black turtleneck. Having checked the weather forecast earlier, he knew about the coming rain and bought a complimentary winter suit jacket to keep him warm.

However, the most striking part of his outfit was the pair of classic chelsea boots he wore. So polished that it gleamed, reflecting the very concept of light.

Taking out his phone from the breast pocket,he checked to see it was 8:10 pm.

Unhinged, he began taking several photos of himself.

And about five minutes later, he stepped outside.Turning to see his car was nowhere in sight but a slick, eye-catching, Black Aventador S Roadster had replaced it.

Though the sight was blood pumping, he also felt a painful jolt in his heart at thought that he spent more than $500k in a single day. It was a huge chunk from his savings.

"Fuck it, I am going to live differently tonight."

Pressing the start button...

Vroom!

The engine gave a thrilled roar, reviving it he made a drifting reverse and stepped on the acceleration.

Vroom! Vrooooom!

He cared not to disturb the tranquility of the estate and drove off.

Barely hitting the brakes, everything appeared like a blur as he sped through the asphalt road without pause.

...

Vroom! Vroom!

In the front of a grandiose white building, stationed with heavy securities and threatening bouncers at its door.

Rows of expensive, fancy cars parked before it. Most gleaming off the rear light of the other. Numbering more than a hundred, the Parking Lot was bustling with new arrivals who were yet to enter the building.

Scenes of guys exchanging repeated handshakes was plenty. Some even held onto wine glasses to make it evident that they had been into the building. Also between cars, a few could be seen adjusting the helm of their dresses, putting on their heels and adjusting their make-up. No intent of identifying the other gender.

Vrooooom! Vrooooom! Vroom! Vroom!

However, at this moment everyone paused to glance at the latest arrival.

A brand new slick Lamborghini appeared, and was the source of their attention.

Although shaken, each was an elite on their own. Not jumping or shouting at the sight of it. They all managed to suppress the turmoil of emotions they felt. And instead parted ways , watching in anticipating silence as the car parked.

"Which of the big shots is that?" A voice which couldn’t contain its curiosity whispered, only for someone to chip in beratingly.

"Shut up, all the big shots have already arrived." The person said, his eyes not leaving the parked car.

As soon as its bright rear light receded, they all held their breath watching the door open with click.

Sliding upward, a polished black chelsea boot could be seen stepping on the asphalt floor as they all arched slightly forward in response. Following a dashing straight back in a winter suit. Their eyes blazed with more curiosity to see his face.

...

And when Max truly stepped out of his new ride, bringing out the gift box he bought while coming.

He turned to gaze at the staring party crusaders.

Seeing him nudge his glass, they realized they had stared too much than intended. Revealing embarrassed smiles afterward, however, the puzzled confusion in their eyes refused to clear. Fortunately someone was bold enough to walk forward, seeing Max close the door.

It was the guy holding a glass of wine who apparently had been trying to rizz the girl beside him before.

Revealing a solemn and serious expression, the guy walked forwards. Stopping right before Max with a friendly smile. An act never performed before.

"Please who are you?" The guy said seriously, with a tinge of respect in his voice despite Max seeming younger than him.

Appearing stunned, Max pointed at himself with furrowed brows.

"Me?"

"Yes" nodding, the guy’s face turned more serious with anticipation like he was about to hear a legendary student’s name. Perhaps one of those Mythical SSS Ranked Students.

Instead:

"Me? I am Max." Max smirked, staring at the guy’s joker face like he heard one of the funniest names in history.

"Max?"

"Hmm" Max nodded in response.

There was momentary silence in the parking. Upon seeing the other was totally lost in thought. Max adjusted the package in hand and walked towards the security guards at the building’s door.

"Your QR Code Please." One said with a heavy somber voice, stretching out his muscled arm to collect the door.

For a moment Max pondered if he could defeat the former if he put all the current free stats he had to his strength.

’Taking him out with my current strength should be fifty-’ but his thoughts were unceremoniously interrupted.

"Here you go." The hefty bouncer said as he handed him his phone. Moving away from the entrance to let him in.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

"Shit."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85: -The Party-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

QN: Sorry guys, My antisocial tendencies acted up because I wanted to write a social scene.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

A crowd of haphazard youths, dancing and shouting while performing all sorts of crazy dance moves was what he expected. But contrary to that, he was welcomed by ambient music playing in the background.

Max’s eyes scanned the place taking in the chaos vibrant energy, catching a few details in sight.

Guys walked about holding either a wine glass or having their hands wrapped around a female companion, in which most of them had fashionable masks on. Girls similarly walked around in cliques , giggling from time to time as they stylishly flaunted their dresses.

The atmosphere was lively yet somehow tranquil. The contrast was intriguing.

A heavy mixture of colognes, perfumes and vodka waffled into his nose upon his arrival.

Taking in more details, Max saw a long row of single seats to the side near the bar. And to the left, there was a big dance floor which seemed yet to be used since it was just the beginning of the party.

Just right above him, he raised his head to see a pavement extended to form a lounge. To the side he spotted two stairs that would lead up. However at this moment there was a commotion on one of the stairs. Two male youths who were trying to walk up the stairs were obstructed by three other youth’s who stood guarding the stairs.

"What the fuck do you mean? You’re stopping us from going to the lounge?"

"You must be kidding." their angered voice raged, attracting the attention of majority of those present.

"Hmmm." One the three who stood guarding the stairs nodded, showing disdain at the other two.

"Bastards, you think your father bought this place for us." Appearing aggressive, one the youths wanted to force his way through but was composedly held back.

"As expected,there are always fools who tend to embarrass themselves every year." Not far to his left, Max glanced at the girl who said it.

Holding onto a small vape, she half crossed her arms while staring at the commotion with disdain, like she was watching two pigs scramble for food.

Despite her unfamiliar face, Max found her beauty captivating and took his time to check her out.

She was wearing a blue classic gown that stopped on her knees. Clueless about the details that fashioned, his eyes swept down appreciatively to her heels.

However as he was about to check out aspects, breasts and ass, he caught sight of her eyes staring at him.

...

With the failure of her boyfriend falling sick and unable to come to the party with her, Clara’s night couldn’t be more bad enough at the sight of the two dumb boys supposedly A Rank Students trying to climb up the S Ranked Lounge.

However as she was about to go on and serve her piece of anger. She instinctively turned to see a pair of eyes checking her out with restraint. At first she felt nothing but irritation in her heart, but as her eyes fell on his striking figure, her heart stopped.

Black, black, black. His outfit was sharp and distinct, like a grim reaper fashioned in modern attire. Not only was he handsome, there was also this kind of charm that made her hooked seeing him silently meet her gaze.

’His hair-’ Her thoughts drifted as she watched him come forward, losing her composure in every step he took.

...

Seeing he had been caught, Max decided not to shy away and walked towards the beauty instead.

"Hi." He spoke upon getting close to her.

"Hello." She responded, casting a quick glance at the gift box in his hands.

"Any idea where to drop this?" He spoke coolly, raising the gift box in his hands.

"Oh- over there." Removing the vape from her mouth, she pointed at a bright section of the floor he had skipped. There a mountain of wrapped gift boxes could be seen.

"Thanks." Nodding in response, he was about to turn back when he saw a figure rushing towards him, then brushed his shoulders in a provocative manner.

"Hi babe, I’m sorry I wanted to surprise you, so I’m late."

Placing a kiss on the girl’s lips, he gave her a short hug before turning to glancing at him with unhidden animosity.

"And who is this?"

The girl looked stunned for a moment, surprised by the boy’s arrival before ushering a smile and hugged him.

"Him?" She threw a silent glance at Max, her tone suddenly changing to a distant one. Appearing to be lost for a moment-

"Oh, he was asking where to drop that."

As she pointed at the mountain of gifts, the guy nodded with disdain evident in his eyes.

"Another A Rank bump." His expression turned scornful, shaking his head as he wrapped his hand tighter around the girl’s waist.

"Let’s go babe , or else his loser presence will diminish your elegance."

Pulling her softly they both turned to leave, however just after three steps the boy turned to look at him.

"Also next time, Don’t pull up your life savings and try to impress anyone. Country bumpkin." Revealing a sneer, he turned and tightened his grip on the girl’s waist.

’Huh?’

Speechlessly staring at the departing couples who seemed to have used him to make up, Max calmly nudged the bridge of his glass. "There goes bro code." He scoffed, "Not like I was that interested in her either. Hopefully you two have an actual solid relationship or you practice acting to be a great couple some more."

The girl had shown interest earlier but upon the appearance of her boyfriend who distinctively had a flower fragrance on him, she acted distant.

’Wait- was she sniffing him when she hugged him?’ Remembering her distant look,he couldn’t help but shake his head.

Turning towards the gift were being dropped, immediately after dropping his.

Kpow!

A clean, neat jaw breaking sound could be heard from one the stairs that led to the lounge.

"Ahhhh!"

Followed by this sound was a painful, loud grunt.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86: - Captivating Beauty -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kpow!

"Ahhh" following the loud painful grunt. Everyone glanced towards the source of the commotion.

There, just before one of the stairs that led to the upper lounge. Someone’s teeth had been knocked out.

One of the two boys that had remained adamant on trying to get to the lounge had been knocked to his knees. Profusely bleeding from his mouth former shakingly picked up his teeth.

"Bastard, what have you done?" After a few moments of staring at his companion bleed, the other boy reacted with a furious howl causing most of the people above the lounge to come to the railing to check what was going on.

Seething with rage,the boy punched out with intent on dealing the same damage to person who had injured his friend.

However, before the punch could connect, the person reacted with trained ease. Side stepping to the right, he exited the fist range and caught the arm. Twisting it slightly, then thrusted his knee towards the former stomach.

"Ahhh" another painful grunt was heard.

"This should be a Lesson to whichever bumpkin tries climbing up this stairs."

An arrogant voice laced with scornful disdain resounded over the ambient music.

With a proud smile on his face, the guy flexed his tuxedo suit before he resumed to wrap his arm around a girl’s waist.

Walking up the stairs, unobstructed, their identity wasn’t surprising to Max who silently watched as he took off his Winter jacket.

However as his eyes drifted up to those on the lounge who were about to welcome the ascending two, he caught sight of a familiar figure who disdainfully glanced at those below.

Blue hair, wearing a velvet suit. He observed the figure for a moment before turning to the bar.

Taking off his Winter jacket,he calmly placed by his side. Surprisingly the bartender was a middle aged man.

Revealing a professional smile, the man shifted to him.

"Welcome." He said, pouring vodka inside a rocks glass which was extremely small.

Nodding in response, Max calmly took the extended cup and brought it to his nose to sniff its contents.

’Vodka.’ he thought, having expected it.

"We only serve vodka." The man smiled as if knowing his thoughts.

Giving a silent nod in response, he took a light sip.

It was slightly spicy with a burning feel unlike the tasteless one from his father’s liquor cellar.

However enjoying the taste over the ambient music felt calming.

"I told you they take combat lessons, see the way he took him out with ease."

"Seriously dude, can’t argue at this point."

"Hehe, you should have seen the look on most of their faces. I thought for a moment that we would lose the bet if they luckily got up there."

"In their dreams."

Interrupting his thoughts were two familiar voices lowly talking to themselves. Sliding their rocks glass for a refill.

"You’ve reached the limit of five and can no longer request a refill." The bartender said with a composed look on his face while gazing at the two youths.

"Shit, I thought we were slick with it."

"Old man, can’t you just let us slip this time."

Revealing fawning smiles they both appeared to be familiar with the bartender. Making it apparent that this wasn’t their first time trying to slip away an extra cup.

’So there’s a limit.’ glancing at his glass, it all seemed to make sense now.

"If you want to remove the drinking restrictions you’ll need to pay a total of 10 S Points." the Bartender said, his voice professional without a sign of judgement.

"Like we would possibly even have 1. If you can’t give us just say it instead of making fun of us."

Glancing towards Max who was silently gulping down his cup, they both looked hesitant to approach him but then turned to leave.

"Doesn’t that dude look familiar?"

" You wish, can’t you see the way he’s dressed. Walk up to him and you’ll be the next one whose teeth flies out."

Listening to their conversation as they departed Max dropped the glass and tilted his head backward.

’It is them?’ Thinking back to the two guys who usually gossiped along the Hallway whenever he passed by. He couldn’t help but shake his head upon realizing they were A Ranked Students.

However,as he forwarded his glass for a refill, a taunting fragrance hit him. Compelling him to glance to his side. Only to be caught in wonder.

Tall and graceful, with a model-like frame. Her skin was smooth and pale, almost porcelain. Her long, sleek black cascaded down her back with refined elegance. Her facial features were striking — high cheekbones, a defined jawline, and full lips that looked naturally flushed. Her eyes were almond-shaped, dark and intense, framed by long lashes, giving her a cold beautiful charm.

She stood with quiet confidence. At ease, her posture straight, her presence impossible to ignore. She wore a fitted black mini dress that accentuated her curves, paired with sheer black tights and sharp heels that made her legs look endlessly long. Draped over her shoulders was a tailored black blazer, giving her a cool, polished edge. She carried a small, unique handbag with a pearl chain, the perfect final touch to a look that was equal parts chic and bold.

For the first time Max found himself analysing every detail. The dormant gears in his head spinning rapidly to fit every detail with a perfect description. Unwilling to miss anything. For the first time, he appeared captivated by the other gender.

Dazedly staring at her she responded to the bartender’s greeting, her beauty was peak. Similar to that of a Korean actress that had just walked out of the screen.

Admiring her asian features,he placed the glass on his lips wanting to quench his lustful desire because he was suddenly remembered of his earlier adventure with Wu Lian who probably was somewhere around his floor.

However as he was about to withdraw his gaze, she suddenly turned to glance at him and their eyes caught each other’s.

’Fuck.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87: -"Sixth Glass?"-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Fuck’

Her beauty was breathtaking in full view.

...

Finally entering the white house after a long meditative reasoning in her car. Also bearing witness to the most flamboyant entrances made by several luxury cars in those moments. Alicia glanced around- her cold eyes drifting past the guys clad in suit, towards the stairs where the grating sound came from.

There, Theodore knocked down the two students with ease. Furrowing her brows at his actions, she calmly took her gaze away deciding not to dwell on anything as to not burden her stressed mind. Currently the only thing she wanted was to sit away from the highlight, somewhere somehow calm in this party, and definitely not the lounge.

Although not all of them were total jerks, she didn’t want to be in their midst either. Especially after what happened to her best friend.

’Hopefully she didn’t come today.’ Throwing a quick glance at Theodore’s ascending figure with Clara in his arms, she searched the bar, finding it to be sparse of people other than the back of a lone youth.

Getting to the bar, she greeted the bartender with a curt nod, then silently watched him fill the glass.

Staring at the vodka with a distant look her trance was suddenly interrupted by the heated gaze she felt hovering over her body. Suppressing the familiar disgust that bloomed in her heart, she tediously tilted her head to glance at who.

However, as she did, she felt a lump form in her throat, her eyes froze, and as if time slowed to a crawl she only saw one person in her vision.

A darkly handsome youth with a curtain mullet haircut. Everything he wore was black as if to complete her’s. Gazing into his eyes she saw the attracted intent gleaming without being hidden, not just that. She saw it, the lust. However it didn’t seem to be directed at her

’I so want to fuck him.’ In her daze, she heard her mind uttering these words and quickly broke eye contact. Also suppressing the embarrassed blush before it could tint her cheeks.

...

Stunned by how quick she broke their eye contact since he’d plan to contest if she persisted. He gulped down the vodka in a go and dropped the glass for the third refill.

Dum! Dum! Dum! A loud muffled sound interrupted everyone present. Causing the ambient music to stop. Most of the light on the floor turned off, and a brighter one illuminated the lounge. There holding on to the railing where everyone could now see her stood the birthday girl. Anita.

Minimal bob brown hair, she wore a fashioned cream mini dress that outlined her inverted triangle shape. That’s her hip and her two small friends.

She had this jovial smile showing she was the type to make friends easily. Her expression was bright and joyful, showing no distinguished disdain to the people below– she brought the fancy mic close to her lips.

"Good evening, everyone, and a very happy birthday to Me!"

"I’m so happy to be here today, celebrating this special day with you all!"

"I started out as a B Ranked Student who was barely getting by trying to earn Promotion Points. Then I successfully advanced to A Rank after.

To be honest, a lot of people doubted me. I mean what can a girl from Class 4 possibly do? But if it wasn’t for you guys I wouldn’t be here either. Hard times forged the best out of humans... " glancing at the silent mostly guilty eyes below her, she smiled brightly and brought the mic to her face.

"Please pardon my language... Fuck that! On the dance floor there’s no distinguishing of Ranks, just who knows how to communicate with their body better! So let’s party tonight as one body and soul!"

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Following her shout, a heavy bass boomed, blasting through the giant speakers placed at each corner before the people below could react. And when they did they quickly burst into shouts. Crazy jumping to the music that placed next, one of the hottest trending songs.

"Yes! I love you Jeremy!"

"Will you date me Leo!"

"Let’s fuck!"

All sort of crazy confession shouts rose above the blasting music. But with just the blaring disco light as a source of light within the crowd, most of these assailants remained unknown.

’Really crazy.’ gazing at the dance floor which was being filled by a stream of arrivals, he happened to catch sight of a clique climbing down the stairs.

Cynthia, Andrew, Cinthya, Ayesha and surprisingly even Kats was among them, wearing a sweetheart padded pink gown.

The true elites of elites, popular students that were close to becoming S Ranked were the ones permitted to use the lounge it seemed.

As they stepped down, S Ranked followed the other stair and quickly joined the dance floor. Ready to press some ass eventually end up somewhere.

As Max watched this scene,one of the descending figures from the S Ranked rows stopped and tilted his head in his direction. Waving his hand slightly in the air as if to get someone’s attention. And later appeared to have failed at it by choosing to come forward instead.

He passed by Max, and stood beside the Korean girl two seats away from him with a fawning smile.

However, before he could open his mouth to speak the girl gave him a cold distant look.

"I’m okay here, you can go." She said dismissively to the youth, causing his face to flush in embarrassment.

"Ok then, if you say so." With an embarrassed short laugh, the youth turned to go.

’Huh? Why am I getting a death stare for your Mistress rejection?’

From their little conversation he affirmed his assumption about the girl being an SS Ranked Student with probably great influence.

Other than his sister and her boyfriend, he knew up to 0 zero details about the other S Ranked Students.

Fourth glass... Fifth glass. Sensing his body fully inebriated by the alcohol influence. He was about to stand up when he saw the empty glass being refilled.

’ehn?’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88: - Evelyn -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You’ve were bought a drinking permit." The Bartender calmly said, dropping the bottle of Vodka by the side before directing his gaze towards the girl by his side.

’Bought a drinking permit? Doesn’t that cost 10 S Points?’ Following the Bartender’s gaze, his eyes settled on the fairy beauty.

Silently twirling the glass with a distant expression. She tilted her head to glance at him. Appearing to be lost for a moment, then calmly nodded at him while flicking the long strand of hair with grace.

"Hmm."

Refusing to be captivated, Max nodded in response before turning to gulp down the sixth glass. Showing no sign of intoxication, he calmly placed the glass for the seventh shot. However, this time he didn’t gulp it directly but made a 180 degree turn. Resting his arm on the bar’s counter he observed the lively dance floor with a look of interest.

Currently, almost all the girls were wearing a face mask, slowly vibing to the blasting music. If they were alone and then a guy would come and try to gently grab their waist, catching their attention in the process. If the boys were up to their standard or preference, the girl would slowly play along. However, if it was that opposite, the girl would slap off their hands and vibe away.

When classmates clashed, the mask they wore proved to be useless as the guy either called out the girl’s name over the blasting music if they were refused or would grab their ass and walkway. Fantasies were being fulfilled every minute.

However despite the wildness displayed there were few distinct areas on the dance floor that was warily being avoided. The S Ranked Students, each was conspicuous as they each had the arrogant flair around him.

Other than them, there was also the elites who ruled class 1 and 2. Those who recently descended from the lounge were also avoided. While Kats danced with an unfamiliar youth, probably an S Ranked Student who was fawning over her breasts. Cinthya was teasingly oppressing a shy boy with her provicating moves.

But what captivated him more was her twin sister Cynthia.

Passing on the empty glass to be refilled, he watched with an entertained expression how the cold beauty matched with her boyfriend, Andrew, titled Lucky Bastard.

She played it slow against the music preference.

However there was someone more eye-catching than her, drawing a little crowd around her. Ayesha, whose boyfriend was Nick, an S a visit to her class. The school’s best dancer.

She twerked her ass against the dude’s groin so hard that he was having an erection. Yet kept on triggering him.

Even among the S Ranked Students who descended down the stairs, they all appeared jealous. Ayesha was walking the demoness of temptation and it was no rumour that she was loyal to Nick.

’Shit!’ Imagining himself being in the guy’s position, Max stilled the glass on his lips for an extended period of time as a solid bulge rose in pants. His lust had awoken.

’Wasn’t I here to score a few in the first place.’ Steeling his resolve to join the dance floor, he was about dropping his glance when he spotted to distant dazed eyes locked on him.

...

’For once he didn’t look at me.’

Staring at the almost emptied glass, her eyes were distant as she thought of the boy sitting two seats away from her. For some reason she felt he looked somehow familiar and a sense of attachment to him. The feeling was heavy but she couldn’t exactly put her hands on it.

’Its crazy, have I somehow been attracted to him? No, it can’t possibly be.’

Unable to resist the urge she turned to examine his frame. His focused eyes as watched the dancefloor with entertained glee made her glance at the source of it. Behold it was the scene of Ayesha twerking her Ass to Nick’s groin.

’Is he?’ Without a hunch of what put that thought into her, her eyes instinctively glanced down to his groin.

’Disgusting’

This was the thought in her heart but her eyes fell dazed at the sight. Imagining the length, size. ’How big? How long? Would it fit in?’ Her intelligent mind operated so much speed. And by the time she woke from her reverie. His eyes were already staring into hers.

Meanwhile in the background, the booming music came to an abrupt end, causing them to come to a reluctant stop. Expecting what was to come next , a sentimental ballad soul music began playing.

Some people departed from the dancefloor, exasperated and tired from the crazy dancing session.-while most silently wrapped their arms around their partners waist. Following with measured equal steps that matched with the playing music.

...

Glancing at his bulge, Max’s eyes gleamed with understanding.

’Did she truly fall prey?’ he thought, not wanting to believe the beautiful girl’s imagination of him right now under the influence of his +² sexual stats.

However, just when her eyes regained intent he turned to glance away.

"Do you want to dance?" Her beautiful face, composed, she asked in a slightly cold manner bearing not a single sense of shyness in her tone.

Turning towards her, stunned, Max took a quick scan of her face for any reaffirmation that she had muttered it out of stupor.

"Yes."

Nodding, he readily agreed, and stepped away from the counter.

"If you may?"

Stretching out his arm in a welcoming manner, she was about to take his hand when a resounding slap shook the atmosphere, causing the playing music to pause.

Everyone turned to glance at the lounge since that was where the sound came from.

Whilst, Max’s back was turned against the source of the attention, his hands still stretched in a welcoming manner.

However at this moment, the cold girl’s hands faltered and fell as if overwhelmed by shock. Her pupils also widened.

"Evelyn." She called out in a heart wrenching tone, causing most up the people on the lounge to glance at her, while ignoring the frozen youth standing beside her with his hand stretched towards her.

’Evelyn?’

’Evelyn... ’

Evelyn?’

The first voice was confused, second doubtful, and the third one- he didn’t bother trying to reason but turned to gaze at the lounge.

’What the...’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89: -"Sis , are you Okay?"-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’What the...’

His thoughts paused abruptly as his eyes settled on the distinctive female figure close to the railing with her hands trembling placed on her left cheek before she slowly slumped to the floor in tears.

Opposite her, a blue haired youth with his hand still clenched from slapping revealed a sneer, disdain in his eyes.

"Slut." He spitted out hatefully.

The whole party had become gravely silent as everyone watched with an incredulous expression, whilst some who weren’t properly informed showed confusion at the unfolding Commotion.

Hot tears streamed down the girl’s face as she gazed up at the blue haired youth, her lips quivering.

She wanted to say it, she wanted to say she wasn’t a slut, that the clip wasn’t even complete because she never did it with him after discovering the hidden camera he placed.

Fortunately, she never lost her guard. However, no one believed her.

The guy who she thought was equally in love with her like she did, betrayed her. Destroying her reputation because she had refused to let him sleep with her.

The world was cruel for deciding not to hear her. At this moment that was what Evelyn, sitting on the floor as her vision was blurred by her own tears.

However -

"Hey!" There was a distinct furious shout, causing her to raise her head and freeze in shock.

...

’Evelyn.’

Max felt a sharp piercing pain in his heart at the sight of his sister slumping on the ground after being hit.

At the sight of her tears his whole body system felt like it had been hijacked. His gaze turned dangerously cold, as all sorts of raging explosive emotions overwhelmed him.

Sighting the sneer on her assaulter’s face and the word slut. His body readily moved on its own. Skidding past the dance floor the echoes of his dashing steps instantly attracted the eyes of the spooked individuals.

It was only a fragment of a second before he got to the stairs. Using the last clarity he had he willed on the System’s screen, flashing before him a brief instant before disappearing.

[Strength: 21]

[Agility: 20]

The three youths who stood guarding the stair were too confused by the unfolding situation to react, bumping past them he dashed up the stairs. Where a small crowd of S Ranked Students had gathered. Unlike the view from below, the lounge was inexplicably big.

However the boiling rage within him didn’t make him cast a second look at his surroundings. Instead his eyes was solely focused on the blue haired figure whose eyes were filled with disdain staring down at his sister.

"Hey!"

Rushing forward, before his words reached the latter’s ears, causing him to tilt his head. Max’s punch was already so close, too fast.

KAPOW!

His fist connected with the latter’s chin causing him to stagger backward in pain.

Silence...

The previously incredulous atmosphere turned incredibly tense as everyone tried to fight back their shock.

"What the fuck! You’re fucking dead!"

...

Brimming with rage, her brother’s figure stood before her like an angered god.

Having sent Ethan staggering with one blow that made him spit out blood. He didn’t rush to deliver another but instead calmly took off his suit while Ethan recovered, wiping the blood off his lips as he cursed out loud.

...

"You fucking bastard!" Assessing the

youth that had punched him with cold vengeful intent,Ethan swaggered his blue hair out of habit before dashing forward.

His steps echoed in the spectacled silence, but coming to an abrupt circular halt. Ethan’s calm eyes gleamed with shroudness as he performed a side kick, his legs stretching forward to cover the distance between him and Max, towards his chin.

He was almost close to dislocating Max’s neck, causing hearts to clench and leap at the sound that would follow next.Proving that Ethan was no joke, and neither was any S Ranked Students.

However, Max already glimpsed passed his move.

The instant his fist connected, the raging current of anger inside him went with it. And at the sound of the grating hit a sense of satisfaction overwhelmed him. Using the opportunity, Max stilled and decided to do the opposite of what his fury urged him to do. That’s rushing forward to deliver another blow.

By taking off his suit, he regained a sense of his true self. Using the moment to feel every part of his strength, he savored the powerful feeling coursing through him after raising his agility stats to twenty.

Other than his divine furry, his body felt so light that he felt he could fly.

His perception also turned sharp. For the first time he felt like he had control over every flesh in his body.

In three words, the feeling was big.

...

Before the bugling eyes of the speechless spectator, Max calmly took a step back. Exiting the reach of the kick and making them gasp, He grabbed Ethan’s leg, causing the former’s pupils to widen. Max swiped his other feet off the ground.

Bang!

"Ahh!" Ethan grunted in pain, tightly gripping his hair but also making movement to stand up. Showing just how high his pain tolerance was.

At ease, Max calmly returned the favour. Performing a spinning kick,Ethan dropped back on his knees with a dazed look.

To the spectators, especially the S Ranked Students, Max was very swift. His movement alone carried the weight of a trained professional fighter.

.

However, to Evelyn, and every other girl, Max’s every act was that of a legendary male lead from a romance novel.

The act of taking off his jacket alone had scored him five stars in their notes. Then the calm, manly ease he displayed like he was discipling a child.

Talking about discipline, Max was currently slapping the dazed Ethan who was on knees.

’Fucking! Fuck! Bastard!’ Contrary to his calm temperament, Max cursed inwardly which each slap. Turning Ethan’s face bruised, and his lips bloodied.

Although there was a slight movement in the midst of the spectators. Some S Ranked Students who wanted to step out and help. But those beside them quickly held them back with a negative nod.

Max didn’t stop until Ethan’s face was all swollen and no new place to hit. Having long quelled his range he was merely smacking him for the show.

When he was done, he dragged Ethan’s seemingly lifeless body towards his his Sister who still sat on the floor, holding her cheeks with a dazed look.

Dropping Ethan’s unconscious body with a thud before her.

"Sis, are you okay?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90: -His Sister -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Sis, are you okay?"

The spectators took a huge breath at these words. Everyone exchanged shocked glances as a turmoil instantly erupted between them in the form of hushed whispers. Even the S Ranked Students lost their composure like they’ve heard something unbelievable.

"Evelyn had a brother?"

Taking in Max’s facial features the similarity was suddenly clear.

...

Shame? Embarrassment? None of these feelings came upon hearing Max expose their blood ties. Instead she was hit by acute guilt, and... pride.

Staring at Max’s manly figure at this moment, she couldn’t help but let her heart flutter.

There was blood stain on fist, he was wearing a black long sleeve turtleneck so bloodstains on him couldn’t be seen.

..

To the spectators, Max looked nothing but dangerous having knocked out an SS Ranked Elite with ease.

Although he felt a bit of loss at the thought he wouldn’t be receiving half of her allowance anymore. He quelled his heart with the amount of savings he’d built over the years. He wasn’t lacking so it was fine.

...

Mustering the courage to respond, she let go of her flushed cheeks and gave a positive nod.

...

Seeing she was okay, he scanned the spectating S Ranked Students around him. From the look of it there were less than half of them than the ones present on the field that day.

Not much surprising, they didn’t cower at his gaze but showed readied intent to confront him if he intended to engage.

"S Ranked Students...’ It was no surprise that they all took combat lessons and in fact seemed ready to face any discouraging situations. However, unlike what they were expecting, he showed no hostile intent towards them but picked his tailored jacket to take out his phone from it.

Despite his increase in strength, Max felt not a single trace of confidence at the thought of going against them. Though he wasn’t afraid to. It was all meaningless since they weren’t the one to hurt his sister in the first place.

Bringing out of his black series, he swiped up the screen and began typing a few things before their puzzled eyes.

And when he was done, he raised up his head to glance at them.

"Ethan doesn’t have the right to claim my sister and neither should your disgusting minds think so.

He’s just a piece of trash I let my sister have her way with but he thought otherwise." His voice was cold, brimming with ruthlessness. The look in his eyes alone deterred them from acting up when they heard him call them dirty minds.

Turning to the unconscious figure with a swollen face by his feet, he silently bent down and turned the latter over. Inserting his hand into his breast pocket, seemingly searching for something, he brought out a sleek car key.

"I’ll be taking this back." He said to the unconscious body before standing up.

Before the spectators eyes, he bent down and swept his sister up in his arms like she weighed nothing.

Sensing his gaze the spectators quietly parted to make way for him.

However as he was about to step down the stairs he heard a shout from behind him.

"Stop! Where do you think you’re going."

It was Anita whose hair and dress was already in a bit of disarray, behind her was a youth with punk cut and a nose piercing, holding her by the waist. His brows raised interestingly at the sight of the slumped figure with a bruised face on the floor. Then he raised his head to glance at Max who had a beauty in his arms and appeared totally unscathed.

"Interesting." he muttered with an amused smile playing on his lips.

At the sight of the new arrival, the eyes of the S Ranked Students showed elation. Even Evelyn in Max’s arms showed worry. However, Max kept on radiating a dangerous aura.

"Stop me." He replied coldly to the birthday girl’s words before turning, descending the stairs with unprecedented steeze.

Behind him, the youth with the nose piercing tightened his grip around the girl’s waist signaling her to stop.

"Hmm" fortunately her moan was silent at his touch. Even if it was heard no one acted like it.

Before the spectators, Max’s descending figure came to a halt. Stopping before a tall slender attractive figure in a matching black dress.

...

Alicia was speechless, at the sight of her best friend in her so-called brother’s arms, she felt a bit of jealousy even. But none of these emotions could be filtered from her cold expression. A lot of things had suddenly become clear to her. Like for example, the strange sense of familiarity she felt upon setting her eyes on Max. Though the cause of her sexual intentions towards him remained unknown.

’Evelyn...’ she wanted to call out but found herself unable to, because Max’s figure already walked past her after a quick gaze into her eyes.

She turned to glance at his departing back as the spectators followed her eyes. Bewildered by what just happened.

"Surely that pause just now wasn’t a coincidence right?" someone muttered watching Max walk out of the white building.

The security didn’t try to stop him and those that were still outside, paused at the sight of someone being carried in a bridal style.

...

Blushing heavily as she could feel his calm heart beat, Evelyn expected him to take her to his car or her car since he had collected the key from her now officially ex-boyfriend. However to her glamorous shock she was taken to a brand new sleek S Aventador Roadster. A Lamborghini much more expensive than her own.

Opening the door, he placed her on the seat with princess treatment. Causing her heart to beat rapidly.

Hitting the ignition button,he accelerated through the dark night. Far away from tonight’s incident, they arrived home. The empty lit duplex.

However as she wanted to step out on her, she heard his cold voice.

"Wait." He said before getting out of the car, lifting her in a bridal style. The doors automatically closed.

With one hand he typed in the door code and walked inside.

And to her shock, he ascended up the stairs to her room, dropping her on her bed. He grabbed the first aid box from her closet. Not finding what he wanted he quickly went outside, leaving her alone to her own thoughts.

A moment later Max came in with an ice pack. Softly placing it on her cheeks which were a bit bruised from being hit.

According to procedures, he would need to keep the ice pack on her face for at least 15 minutes. So the siblings stayed in silence, subtly avoiding each other’s eyes as hidden tension rose between them.

Lost in thought, Max was about to flick his wrist and check how many minutes had gone by when he felt a soft palm grip his wrist.

’uh?’ tilting his head in confusion to see his sister’s heavily flushed cheeks. She placed his palm on her boobs.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91: - Please don’t let it hurt -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At that moment she placed his hand on her breast. He felt the hindrance of her bra through her dress. Stilling his hand with a fake look of surprise he glanced into her eyes.

Seeing the shy shimmering lust within, he appeared hesitant. Wanting to let go of her breast but she refused, instead pressing his hand firmly between her boobs with a flushed look.

Staring into his calm eyes she mustered up the courage to say it .

"Let’s do it."

Her voice sounded like a whimper as she did her best to keep her eyes shining under his gaze.

...

In the silent bedroom, Max gazed into her eyes while smirking inwardly.

"You sure?"

From her expression he could tell that she was still a virgin.

"Hmmmmm!" A short huff escaped her lips hindering the nod she wanted to make.

Max’s hand on her breast became firm, eloquently fondling her breast through the bra.

His sister’s breasts weren’t small but quite big for her age. So each time he tried to cup everything in his palm he failed repeatedly, causing her to moan. And another thing he noticed pressing her breasts was that, even through the two hindrances he could still feel her extreme softness, not forcibly bouncy.

He silently stared at her beautiful face showing bliss as his left hand massaged her boobs, causing her breath to sound erotic.

"Hmmmm"

Still on his knees while she sat on the bed, his other hand held the ice pack to her right cheek.

Seeing the bright red mark on her cheeks had lessened vastly. He let the ice pack fall.

Slowly ascending upward, her eyes shut up upon feeling his intense breath brushing her nose.

Pausing his actions he stared intently into his sister’s eyes.

In the tense silence, he slowly held up her chin. Planting a welcomed kiss on her lips.

Smooch! Smooch! Hmmm! The sound of their erratic breath and exciting kiss sound resounded through the whole room. Slowly getting heated, she had her hands around his head. Wanting to force her mouth into his due to the dissatisfaction of having just his tongue. It was like she wanted to swallow him. Her kissing skill was also great, matching his pace.

His hands wandered to the back of the long gown, slowly trying to locate the hidden zipper but unfortunately his effort was futile.

"- you have to take it off like your shirt."

Hurriedly breaking the kiss, she muttered in a hushed voice before reconnecting their lips.

"Hmmmm" she moaned, transferring the vibration down his throat. She wrapped her hands tighter around him, unwilling to separate any more.

One,two,three... more than three minutes went by and Max felt his erection already restless with a huge tent forming between his legs.

"Hmmmm!"

Forcibly breaking their kiss, he pushed her away in a dominant manner.

She collided with her back and head against the bed, bouncing a few times. She laid timidly with exasperation. Watching him straddle her. His knees on the bed and her legs in between his.

Gazing into his sister’s eyes as she laid with him above, he hurriedly pushed up the helm of her gown, raising it up to her fair thighs. She stopped his hands, actively raising it up by herself.

Not dulling, he also hastened the removal of the turtleneck. Leaving his skin bare and his muscles proportionally exposed. Causing his sister to marvel seeing his packs so up close.

Unbuckling his belt,he hurriedly stood and took off his pants. Left in only boxers, he stared at his sister’s extremely shaped slender figure.

Her legs,arms and thighs were tuned with a sense of perfection.

With her dress off, he was left with her delicious figure that caused his arousal to peak.

...

Lying on the bed, the only thing she currently had on was black thong and bra.

Seeing the admiring look in his eyes, her heart felt extremely satisfied.

"Hmmmm!" latching onto her extremely soft slightly big boobs, he ravenously tried to gulp them both. Squeezing both of her boobs tight, while forming several incomprehensible shapes from them.

"Hmmmm- Hmmmm- Hmmmm"

To his assault there was only a consistent squirming moan, his sister pressed his head between her breasts Witt force. Wanting him to suck her boobs with more wildness.

"Hmmmm" Squirming as he sucked, rolled his tongue around her nipples several times. She arched her back most times trying to quell the pleasure.

Unexpectedly she began to mutter out words. Assisting him in cupping her boobs so he could suck, bite and lick more areas.

"Yessss-" her breath trembled. "-Hmmmm, yessss, suck mommy’s tits." arching her waist repeatedly, she squirmed in agonizing bliss.

Whilst, Max stayed dominantly above her and kept on sucking, thankful for the timely assist, he was even more meticulous giving attention to her breasts.

He couldn’t get enough of her extreme softness, the more he devoured softly biting her tit the more unsatisfied he was. Until finally her breasts began showing a bit of redness from his assault.

"Hmmmmm!" She moaned out feeling his teeth graze her nipples one at a time before letting them go

After he let go they shook a bit sideways.

"Hmmmm- hmmmm- hmm–" his sister breathed erratically, savoring the pleasure left from sucking his dick.

’Her entrance should be extremely wet by now.’

Though he felt it was ok to insert, he didn’t rush. But instead traced his hands against her delicate skin.

"Hmmmmm" she let out a satisfied moan at his touch, relaxing her nerves until he was close to the area between her legs.

He could see her muscles continuously clench and release, the lower he traced his palm.

She was battling with bliss.

"Hmmmm-" unfortunately she failed. Because it was then his hand came to stop, he used two fingers to massage the outside of her clit, causing her to arch her waist.

"Drew?"

However at this moment he heard a soft voice call his name. It was his sister.

Absently staring at the ceiling as she fought back the assaulting pleasure, she bit her lips and said...

"Please don’t let it hurt."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92: -With Sis-***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Please don’t let it hurt." He heard her coquettish voice, nodding in response. He thought about licking the area but held back.

"Ok sis, you don’t have to worry." He said, his voice particularly low but calm.

Seeing give a short nod, he drew her legs closer to him. Now standing on the floor, he readied her pussy in the way it would be easy to penetrate.

A missionary position, her legs was spread separately in both of his hands.

He already took off his boxer, so his cock was all charged and pointing like an arrow without any obstruction, except the only one it knew how to penetrate well.

...

"Hmmmm!" Feeling his tip teasingly rub her clits, her body tensed and a slight moan escaped her lips.

He wanted her to be extremely wet before he truly inserted the tip inside her so he continued teasing her.

Her muscles tensed, stretching taut then relaxing each time he slapped her clit with his meat.

Thrown into agonizing bliss, the feeling of being denied pleasure when it was so close racked her brain. She wanted to hold it in but her brother turned out to be extremely wicked, refusing to put his cock each time. She already felt his seething warmth laying on her entrance, but each time it was taken away. Letting her suffer as her thoughts became increasingly chaotic and unclear.

Slowly her fear about being penetrated and her hymen causing her pain was slowly diluted then. Replaced by insane want, a desire to feel the seething big meat inside her, buried inside her cunt.

...

"Please - fuck me." He heard her beg with her voice cracking in-between.

"As you wish." Max let go of one of her legs. Holding his meaty girth in hand, he slowly pierced the tip past her clit. Her wetness easing his dry shaft.

"Hmmmmm..." Her moan was long, hinting a slight bit of pain, she clenched the sheet tightly and arched her waist to closer. Noticing what she wanted, Max readily nodded and added more force until the feeling he’d broken past something came.

Relaxedly collapsing on the bed, her breath was heavy. Heaving deeply to recover heart rate. Just right now the pain she felt was actually very immense, so she decided to cut the suffering short in one go. Luckily Max understood what she meant and actually broke past her hymen.

At this moment, not only was the pain decreasing but the feeling of a seething cock inside her created a sense of bliss and quickly got past the pain. Becoming more hornier after.

’Was this what she felt?’

Remembering the girl Max had brought home that time, the echoing moans of their intercourse still remained in her heart. However would soon get deleted and it would be that of her moaning to his thrust.

That day, although she subdued the thought. She half believed her younger brother was ruthless, but now having tasted it she truly believed.

...

At the feel of her inner walls clenched tight around him, witnessing an invader for the first time, he half closed his eyes and savored the feeling.

"Hmmm." His sister’s moan was soft and eliciting, causing him to open his eyes to see her tightly grabbing the sheets. Her taunt face was slowly relaxing to that of a blissful one.

When she seemed ok, he gently began to pull out. Halfway through, inserting it back.

"Mmmm!" His sister gasped in pleasure, grabbing the sheets tighter as her legs began to spasm.

Surprisingly, with two short thrust he made her climax.

"Yessss"

Not stopping, he began thrusting slowly but deep inside her, making sure he buried most of inches inside her.

"Hmmmm- yesss!" In response, his sister continued to moan.

While he was slowly getting used to the tightness of her inner sanctum.

He tightly grabbed both of legs, watching her grab onto the sheets for support. He steadied both of her fair thighs.

With a look at his bloody dick, he thrusted into her once more.

One, two, three... he didn’t stop. Slowly but steady, Evelyn continued to gasp, unable to control her breath, she became moan-lees at some point.

For Max he felt the tightness and clutch her wet pussy had around his cock was satisfying. And further thrilling was added to it by the thought he was fucking his sister.

..

"Ah— ahh- mmm." Her moans were insistently cut short and cracking.

Under his benevolent thrust, her boobs trembled and jiggled. Raising her waist, she continuously squirmed from the bliss.

Though there was a bit of pain from his big size, with every thrust it eased. Rocking her with nothing but pleasure.

"Hmmmmm - ahhhh- yesss!"

As both siblings locked together, commiting incestuous acts. The female started trembling and released a loud scream.

"-hmmmm." Until finally the male locked her lips with a kiss.

Max hunched his back, spreading her legs wider, he held her waist, sucking and kissing her breasts until she was out of breath. Cumming once more.

Not delaying, he turned her over, drew her closer till her ass was presented to him and smacked her.

"Yesss!" She moaned, her throat hoarse from moaning for a long time.

Steadying her ass with one hand, he penetrated her from behind.

"Hmmm-hmmm-hmmm"

She consistently moved in oscillatory motion while receiving his thrust.

"Ahhh-"

Also when it came to sex, Evelyn discovered how much of a monster her brother was. He hasn’t cum once but already made her do more than she could count. And honestly, he didn’t seem tired at all-

"Ahhhh!" Interrupting her thought, her moan became loud and sharp. Following a loud smacking. Max pace as he thrusted into her was swift, landing with a heavy thrust that completely disregarded the tightness of her pussy. Creating a sloshy sloppy sound.

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!... The sound of their skin colliding became loud, causing her ass and breasts to tremble.

"Hmmm- ahhh- yesss- ohhhhhh!"

With a deep thrust that buried every inch of him inside her. She felt the hot substance spilling inside her wombs, causing her whole body to start a tremor as her sense of acute bliss and pleasure slammed into her brain, drowning her last resistance thought as darkness overwhelmed her.

Staring at his sister’s blissful unconscious body, Max finally came to his senses and watched his limp maybe slowly slip out.

’Shit I didn’t ask if she was on drugs.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93: - System Error-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ding!

[Congratulations! Host had committed Ta??? ???? ???]

[Error... Error... Error...]

Not only did the voice in his head started cracking, but the holographic screen began to glitch. Followed by a series of question mark, then error.

Max stared with speechless, unable to put into words what was happening.

By the time the screen glitched and disappeared on its own, he finally woke up from his dazed reverie.

’It disappeared?’ Max thought in his absent mind. Not wanting to confront the reality of what just happened.

’Did the System finally disappear?’ These was his thoughts as he glanced down at his sister naked body. Bringing another sheet to cover body. He picked up his things and left her room, his limp member wanking with each step.

Entering the room, Max dropped everything and then willed on the System’s screen in silence. Unexpectedly the System screen actually appeared but it continuous glitched, showing nothing but question marks and errors.

Seeing this, Max’s sudden sense of loss started disappearing.

’Could sleeping with Evelyn have disrupted the System or caused something to it?’

’Come to think of it, isn’t incest Taboo? Perhaps it triggered something in the System when it wanted to reward me.’

Remembering the "Ding" the System made before falling into error and glitch, Max fell into various deep thoughts, exploring several other scenarios that faulted his System. However, hours into deep thinking in the late of the night, a wave of fatigue overwhelmed him.

’Come to think of it, I tested my strength and speed already, I’m still fast. That means I still have my Special Ability and other stats, and as long as I have them. Fucking should be no problem.

The System only offered path and rewarded me, fucking the target’s were all my own doing.’

With that, his eyelids trembled once more and closed, falling into deep sleep.

...

Waking up on Sunday morning, around 10am. Max hastily rubbed his eyes, stretching out his limbs as he let out a loud yawn.

Turning his head around, he glanced down to see his morning glory half raising.

’System’ he willed in his heart but only a glitching dysfunctional screen appeared.

Willing for it to disappear, he swept that room with his gaze. Settling on the gym equipment nestling around the right corner of it, he made a few stretches and walked over.

About one hour later he was all sweaty, brimming with youthful vigor, he admired his legs for a while before performing his other duties.

Hours later,walking round the house there was no sign of Evelyn, his sister. It was as if he was meticulously trying to avoid him, do he didn’t try to check up on her.

As much as he wanted to ignore it, fucking his sister after years was kind of a big deal. So things might get pretty awkward between them for a while.

’Right, I should still ask her about it.’ However, the thought was later pushed aside.

...

Later in the afternoon...

In the darkness of his room, Max turned on his game PC. Watching the black screen turn white, then green with a red gun logo on it. He was about to put on his gaming headset when the phone on the screen flashed on.

Zzz zzz

Feeling the buzz he quickly spotted it. Placing down the headphone, he curiously picked up the phone to check who it was.

Almost zero contacts with blocked stargram IDs. Was there anyone who could probably contact him?

Still, he swiped up the screen. Surprisingly it was an email.

Raising his brows, he tapped on without thinking much.

It was from a mixed up hard to read email address, skipping he directly read its content.

(Hi Max, this is Mrs Dalia, Talia’s mom, your sweet neighbor.)

Having listed all possible names he would use to identify her, even highlighting the ’sweet’ to hint at their little secret. Max no longer had doubt about the sender’s identity, switching to the next paragraph.

(Talia’s sick, things got pretty bad so she had to be transferred to another country for treatment.)

There was no specification of their current location.

(This is to inform you that her driving lessons would be on hold until next week.)

(From

Robhgien flim ruoy)

(To

Noillats eht)

It sounded all formal at first but when he confusingly read the last part. He was given a few imaginations.

’From Your Milf Neighbor to The Stallion.’

From a certain perspective, he imagined the smile she gave after typing it.

’ How did she get my email though?’

’Right, the estate’s registry.’

Flinging these thoughts, he was about to type in a formal response and also ask about Talia’s health when his eyes started darting around the screen in confusion.

Soon after...

’Huh? I can’t reply?’ Max thought, feeling quite surprised by the discovery.

For whatever reason, Mrs Dalia was using a one way server meant she was currently in hiding.

’Come to think of it, she didn’t look like the type to fall sick either.’

With a thoughtful state at the screen, Max eventually kept his phone on the desk and took up his pad.

’More game time for me then.’

...

Far away in somewhere unknown.

Pim! Pim! Pim!

In a bustling crowded street, currently in a hold up with vehicles, bikes, and tricycles trying to find a free path, escaping the traffic and driving through the pedestrian pavement. Frustrated curses rang out loud.

Getting out of an old taxi vehicle were two distinct figures due to their skin color. Dressed in Arabian gowns, a pair of sunglasses and fancy hats, they hastily tried to avoid attention. Stepping on the sloppy wet pavement, they both walked into the old motel.

Sure, the passersby did make a few turns in their direction, they were all too busy to pay further attention to strange ladies.

AN: Kinda building up a cool backstory for our neighbor, y’all definitely gonna like it

Thank you for the gift Tacosdinner.

H h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94: - Vacation -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Shit! That’s him!"

"You mean it?"

"Why not dumbass."

"Shit! It’s really him."

"No fucking way, is he really a Class 5 Student?"

"Hahaha, you should have been there."

"Don’t mind his expressionless face, he’s a cold blooded fella."

"You’ve watched the video right?"

"Yeah, yeah."

"Come on, play it."

"That punch hits."

"Look at the way he beat him up clean, I don’t think we had such a hero."

Most didn’t care to lower their voice but stayed far away from him.

The video of his fight, or rather him beating up Ethan had gone viral after being uploaded in the school’s forum.

Alongside the news of him being related to his sister, #tag don’t mess with my sister. There was also another knews that shook the whole school. Polaris Family Group, a leading top ten business giant on Antarctica, went into bankruptcy, and also had huge debt that made them render all they had away. No one was spared. It was said that they offended someone, but no one knew who. Apparently this news had been going on for a while now but remained covered up by the upper echelons of the society. Ethan also being a potential heir of this group was stripped off everything he had. Cars, houses, jewelries and everything worth a lot.

But thanks to being an SS Ranked Elite, the School provided for him.

The blue Lamborghini he had been riding recently claiming it was his, actually belonged to his previous girlfriend whose brother beat the shit out of him for hurting her.

The headline of the news had been exposed by Max after beating up Ethan.

Shock after shock, the forum had exploded. Max already froze the app so he didn’t receive any notification.

Currently the large hall which would be a bit crowded on a Monday morning, remained spacious in a certain sense. Because everyone parted ways for him like he was their king or something, though he didn’t spot the famous figure from Class 1 & 2, he did notice many of their students.

The Proudest were his classmates from Class 5, entering the class today they all eagerly welcomed him. Most especially who squealed with joy upon sighting him.

Having someone known to be dangerous with zero trouble in your class became something to be proud of. Surely, after all these while they would finally get to talk to other students with straight shoulders and face.

"I am from Class 5." Would be the newest slang.

Beyond all these, Max quietly faced his own world. As usual, class began but it wasn’t a lesson. Exams started, causing the whole atmosphere to boil into silence.

Most people actually started sweating as they tried to shade numerous objectives.

Remaining calm at and at ease, Max went through all these.

Basketball or any dilly dally activity had also been stopped.

It was from the cafeteria to library, silent chillin or whatever nowadays.

Three papers a day and they would be done in one week.

By the time the school ended everyone had already calmed down and became worried about their scores instead.

Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and finally Friday.

In all these days, he never crossed paths with his sister, and neither did the school authorities send him any email. Which was unexpected.

With the System continuous glitching error, his mood had been rather dull throughout the whole week.

His plan to level up and become an S Rank had been trashed.

Today they finished their last paper. Still at the epicenter of attention, he no longer cared about being low-key. He kept his muller cut and also rode his new Lamborghini to school.

He no longer looked like a loser, but the cool, rich ,handsome, silent but badass kid. A revered one at that. Currently his level of influence topped that of those from Class 1- Cynthia and Andrew combined stood no chance since it had been noted they never clashed with S Rank Students but flocked with them. He was like the voice of the people. His achievement of beating up an SS Elite not S Ranked Elites was too great to ignore.

He had a few bitches coming to him in order to grasp the sraw of fame but they all ended up scared by his cold eyes.

Surprisingly later that day in the late evening the school finally sent an email.

(Dear Max Rider

The second term of the second senior year of Elite Metropolitan High School has finally come to an end.

We wish you a happy Easter week in advance.

Hopefully you get to enjoy your holiday with family and friends.

Schools Managing authority

Principal ????)

’Vacated so soon?’ Max thought to himself, staring at his phone screen with speechlessness, before shaking his head.

However, as he was about to swipe up the app and check the forum.

Ding!

The System’s voice rang in his mind as a holographic screen appeared before him.

[ Epic Quest- Have a delightful adventurous holiday.

Rewards: ???]

As his heart bloomed with joy at this sight, he read the words all over again.

’Wait, it doesn’t say Task but Quest?’ Instantly noting the quick difference, Max shook his head with a thoughtful look.

"So what does this mean?" he muttered after minutes of thinking but no clue.

’System?’

After repeated tries to summon his stats screen, Max was unable to contain it any longer and called it out in his mind.

’System?’ he muttered in his heart once more, seeing the screen did change but now appeared stagnant with the Quest on it.

Willing for it to disappear, it did.

Willing to appear, it did.

However, it couldn’t change what it showed.

"Oh great!" Cursing in frustrated tone, he willed it to disappear before staring numbly at the ceiling.

’At least it offered me a last Quest-’

Knock! Knock! Knock!

Interrupting his thoughts, three loud hasty knocks on his door quickly made him stand up and go check who it was.

’Did someone burst it in?’ Ready to punch out a throat punch.

"Max." He heard his father’s deep, slightly intoxicated voice call out to him.

"Come, we need to get ready and see your grandma for the holiday." His father said showing no ground for refusal. Behind him, Evelyn avoided his gaze, apparently packed up for travel.

’Dude we just vacated.’

Seeing his father hurried look like there was a great danger heading their way soon, his senses brightened. He wanted to pack his clothes and his father’s voice stopped me.

"Quick, leave them, you aren’t too broke to afford a new one. I know your sister’s been sending you half her allowance." Appearing to be funny while in a haste, his father pulled him by the hand.

There was already a waiting black truck outside. Left with no choice, Max followed behind after grabbing a few things.

Later they were on their way to England.

End Of Volume 1: A Loser’s Rise

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95: - How may I help you?-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hmmm."

Slowly rubbing his eyes, with a brief look at the exceptionally clear morning sun. Max took a deep breath, feeling his muscles clench with a heavy feeling as he stretched out his limbs. He rubbed his eyes a few times, to clear off the dizziness.

Last night had been hectic, the hasty journey had drawn a lot of his mental strength due to worry and fear of death. The private jet that they flew in encountered a rain storm.

With lightning and thunder booming right before his ears, he already succumbed to death. Cursing his father inwardly while giving him a death stare.

The latter had his arms around his sister who was a little shaky trying to comfort her. Right there he saw the look of regret in his father’s eyes.

However they weren’t fated to die yet, they successfully passed through the storm and arrived in England on a rainy mid-night.

He didn’t bother complimenting the British ambience but entered the waiting Limousine.

Around 1am they arrived at their destination, with the help of an umbrella, they quickly rushed out of the heavy rain without a proper view of the building. After entering inside he had been directed by a maid to pick any of the rooms he wanted, shaking his head then. He was too exhausted to care and picked one of the rooms to sleep.

Staring at the high ceiling with brown ornate plasterwork of polished wood, and an old classic chandelier.

"It must be quite expensive." Max heaved a low sigh upon recalling last night’s event. His eyes silently drifted across the room. Observing, he found it to be quite comfy. It wasn’t spacious, but the height of the ceiling created this sense of grandness to it. The walls were painted rich brown like most of the corridor on his way last night. All around him he spotted several art pieces either hanging or sitting across the room. From one look the old taste was obvious. Fortunately there was still a wealthy lure to it that made the sight appreciative.

The wardrobe was empty, the reading table had a lamp on it.

The illustrious Riders Main Family Mansion. Other than the previous Max distant memory of being here in the past, he also made a deep research out of curiosity after his transmigration. Coming from a big rich foundation did sound cool and fortunate after all.

However these memories weren’t all bright-

’Ah this is gonna be tiresome-.’ Max muttered in his heart, feeling his other member all strong and pushing against his boxers since the sheets had been flipped. He was about to will onto the System’s screen to check on it when a distinct click drew his attention.

The door was being pushed open and time seemed to have slowed to a crawl. The lively bickering of the girls behind it reached his ears before their beautiful features were presented to him.

Instantly a sharp gasp rhythmically rang out as the atmosphere fell to a pin drop silence.

Widened eyes and gasping mouths, Max was lost in their beautiful features just as they were to him.

First was the leading girl pulling a travel bag behind her. She was short, olive in complexion and very much petite. She had this quite unruly aura around her due to her scattered braids. However there was something that drew his attention right to her before he could take in the sight of the other two. It was her slender thin waist. The crop little top she wore made sure her toned athletic torso was being flexed, and such sight was extremely attractive, provocative enough to make one imagine claiming ownership of that. She barely had something plump growing on her chest.

The girl by her right was a complete head taller than her.

A bit slim, her chest was well developed for her lean body. She was rosy in complexion with delicate skin. She wore a flimsy short loose dress that made her thong slightly visible, no bra but her nipples were nowhere in sight unless he moved exceptionally close.

Whilst the girl beside her was half a head taller than her, also the oldest among them, her boobs were well developed, very attractive too because she was wearing a spaghetti top with no bra beneath. Everything underneath was half outlined including her two nipples.

Her navel was slightly exposed, she wore loose sweatpants.

’Small, smaller, smallest - Big, bigger, biggest.’ Max thought subconsciously.

Another thing to notice was that the three of them were top beauties. One that would make an average dude stumble and even the quite experienced ones out of confidence.

Appearing calm and cold he didn’t lose to their stares, however in the girl’s mind...

’Oh shit! Shit! Shit!’ Fortunately these words weren’t said out loud or it would have stained their girly image.

Max’s perfectly outlined abs and toned muscles was all that was in their view. That’s after they were done with savoring the sight of the long thick instrument. A tent had been built surrounding his groin area thanks to it and the girls could well imagine its veiny dry appearance beneath it.

After they were done savoring every piece of his artistic muscle alignment, they switched to his hair and face. Becoming even more breathless in his handsome appearance.

’Since when did we have such a handsome dude in the family?’ They all shared similar thoughts dazedly staring at him

Seeing they were all too bold and unrestrained, savoring his body. He swung the sheets over, obstructing his morning glory and breaking their daze.

"How may I help you?"

His voice was neutral, composed even while meeting their eyes with furrowed brows.

Revealing embarrassed smiles, the girl all gave an apologetic nod.

"Sorry, wrong room." It was the petite short girl that spoke, urging the two behind her to make a quick exit before closing the door.

Before it clicked through, he heard them bursting into laughter as they released their breath.

"Is that nine inch-"

’Shit.’ Left in the quiet comfort of his room Max raised the sheets and stood up. For unknown reason his morning glory was exceptionally big this morning and even taking a long time to settle them.

Remembering the night he fucked his sister, unable to resist the urge he had willed his dick to be bigger.

’Could that be what caused it?’

Rubbing his eyes in frustration-

Knock knock

Two light delightful knocks rang on the door causing him to freeze, glancing between the bathroom and bathroom, he was about to move when the click came and the door was gently pushed open to reveal...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96: -"Moogie?"
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Knock! Knock!

It took about fifteen seconds of silence and him raising his brows before the woman finally reacted. Taking her eyes off his erection, as if the moment of shock was nothing to her, she revealed a jubilant smile upon catching sight of his face.

Likely to be in her late thirties, she was wearing a classic black and white maid uniform, short sleeved and knee length. Her hair was parked in a neat bun, adding an air of formal integrity and professionalism to her look.

But currently her face didn’t say that, instead of a cold professional look,she stared at him with a pleasant bright smile and like he was an unknown species, or perhaps from a long lost one. Beyond that though, her eyes excluded a deep hint of familiarity and joyous reunion, causing some blurred memories in his head to resurface. Unfortunately.

Failing to recall who the woman was, her smile turned brighter. It was as if she was lost in reminiscing about the past. A little tear blurred her eyes.

Then hastily moving to drop the clothes and lotions in her hands on the bed, she came and hugged him. Locking him into a tight hug, her firm big mature breasts pressed against his firm toned chest. Uncaring of his hardened member poking her lower belly due to her actions, the woman hugged him tighter.

Though deeply confused by the whole situation, and how his body could possibly still react in this moment. Seeing she didn’t bother, he disregarded the unfamiliarity and reciprocated her hug. Lightly wrapping his arms around he waited calmly in silence.

"Pokie- it’s you." He heard her call out in a teary delighted voice.

’Pokie? Is my real mother a maid?’ Assuming boldly, he instantly swept the thought away. He knew his mother, he’d see her picture hanged in their home anytime he came back. Their semblance was there but the woman currently hugging him shared none.

After a minute or so, she finally let go. His dick had gotten harder with each passing seconds at the feel of her firm breasts cupped inside a bra.

Separating from their hug, she held up his face with both hands not wanting to believe he was the one.

"You’ve grown so tall- look at you-" she then let go of his face, extending both hands by his side. "Last time Master Sebastian showed me your picture you were this fat and just entered highschool." The woman then smiled, letting out a short laugh while speaking comprehensible words for the first time.

Seeing his clueless look, though she tried to hide it, her face showed pain.

"Poo-Mr Max I used to take care of you back then. Back then when you were so cute and a little fatty after your mom died." Her expression turned solemn by the last part, forcing a smile as she held his face with a happy smile.

"You’ve changed so much that I wouldn’t have recognized you if not for your sister showing me a picture of you when I gave her a dress. little pookie." She squeezed his face tighter with a saddened smile.

On the other hand...

Seeing her genuine expression and care, Max felt a huge void in his heart shake. Suddenly thinking of the previous dead Max.

A lonely loser, though perverted, there had been no one to love him for who he was. His father was always away, his sister denied him, he felt so alone and wronged in this world that he could no longer take it and eventually killed himself.

At the discovery that there was someone who loved and cherished all these while, Max felt sorry for his predecessor.

’Bro, wherever you might be... I just want to tell you that you were always loved.’

Sensing a slight ache in his heart, Max revealed a serious solemn smile. His eyes met the woman’s and he decided to shade a bit of light on what happened.

"Sorry auntie, I once slipped and hit my head inside the pool, almost losing my life so a bit of my memories have been cleared since then. After that I decided to grow myself and become strong.

Sorry for not remembering you auntie." His tone as he began and went from solemn to grave, then the relief that he didn’t die and sincere apology like it was his fault.

However upon hearing that he almost died, the woman closed her mouth, a sharp gasp escaping. With a grave look, she touched his head, roughing his hair in an attempt to check if the wound left serious scars.

A little behind his head she found the scar left by the previous Max’s death.

"Master Sebastian didn’t tell me about this." Her face turned serious as she imagined his father’s face.

"It’s ok auntie... he didn’t know." He added after a short pause, making the woman’s face turn sad a bit.

"I should have realized." She muttered with a bit of sadness, forcing a smile.

"Moogie?" A sudden enlightenment struck him, blurting out the single word the woman’s face paused. Like her brain had been short-circuited, she stared dazedly at him with a lost look that was instantly being revitalized from the depth of her eyes. Ushering tears,she pressed his head over her shoulder, a shoving pats on his back.

"Oh my pookie, you remembered- you remembered." She muttered a few times with joyed elation.

Then after a few pats she dislodged his head from her shoulder, staring intently at his handsome features.

The atmosphere turned strange with each passing second, because after going down for the past few minutes. His steel brimming rod was already reawakening.

"Welcome back home." The woman now known as Moogie smiled, ushering her gaze downward.

"I see you’ve also worked on growing down there Pookie. Because back then you were so small and tiny, a small cut of my middle finger."

"Just look, in the span of years you’ve grown so big." Smiling lightly as they both stared at his erection, she lifted her head to glance at his reserved expression.

"Tell me, did Moogie cause that to Pookie." In a teasing voice she whispered towards his face with any sign of shyness or blush.

Suddenly feeling thrilled at the thought of how their circumstances had gone from a grieving solemn caring exchange to this. He gave a positive nod.

"So do you want Moogie to help you with it?"...

QN: Moogie is a nickname meaning Mom, from Star Trek

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97: - Moogie’s Help -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Max appeared hesitant for a moment but then gave a curt nod in response.

Feeling her hand slip past the band of his underwear, following a slow grab of his thick steamy cock.

"Hmmm." She let out a shocked breath, staring into his eyes to witness visible change within.

Max made no attempt to grab her waist or reciprocate. Standing like a cold mannequin. He watched her go down on her knees, freeing the bands of his underwear to reveal a bouncing hard dry cock that pointed towards her face with unattended tension.

Witnessing the size, her face grew speechless for a moment. Before her smile brightened, as if happy that he’d grown so big.

"You’ve grown so big Max. Tell me how many girls have tasted it." Slowly stroking his thick eight inch cock, she urged him to answer her.

With a momentary pause on his face, Max subdued the erupting bliss at her touch and said.

"Nine." He muttered gazing down at her poutful jealous face.

Finding himself lost by her reaction -

"It’s ok, can’t judge them for liking good things." Stroking his dry glans once more.

"Now Moogie is going to help you suck your cock okay?"

’huh?’

Smiling sheepishly, she held his cock with both hands and stuffed half of his length inside her mouth.

Taking him half with one gulp, Max felt her sly tongue wrap around the plump head of his cock.

Using her quenching saliva to lubricate his dry cock, a moist feeling suddenly enveloped him.

"Argh" Releasing a subtle groan, Max clenched his fist.

She heard his groan and glanced up at his face with a delighted smile.

Her tongue stretched out, and she held his cock like a pop stick. Furiously sucking the meaty length, she suddenly swallowed him whole. Shaking her head seriously with the burping sound of her saliva drooling down.

"Argh." Max let out another groan out of bliss. At the feeling of his cock down her throat, he exhaled. Persisting against the pleasure and the urge to grab her head, and drive his cock herself.

Slurp!

She brought out her tongue, licking off the precum off the tip.

Slurp!

She stroked him a bit, bobbing her head back and forth, she tried to make him feel every part of her mouth with his dick.

Slurp!

With another streak of precum drawing a thin line towards her lips, she held his meaty thick cock in place with a little tired expression. Glancing up at his face, she revealed admiration and fascination.

Max despite his young age and hot-blooded cock wasn’t cumming after using all her technique, her husband would have. Though she was married, her husband hadn’t been to the family house in years due to the fact he was working for a branch family. She had no child and wouldn’t be able to bear one due to her grave mistakes when she was young. Seeing Max who she has catered for like he was her son after all these years, she wanted to do anything possible to care for him. The years of missed love was something she felt deep regret for.

She didn’t act shy or blush. Trying to regain her breath with his cock in her hand, she glanced at the model watch on her wrist.

"Pookie is young and strong... " she continued slowly stroking him. "-Breakfast is by 10, if you come late to the Dine the Matriarch would be greatly displeased." Explaining with a solemn tone she glanced up at his face.

’9:20’

"You can’t possibly go like this-" Appearing embarrassed for the first time, she bit her lips then mustered the courage to say what she wanted to.

"Can you please quickly spill it on my face if I use some lotion on it?" She said, smiling at the end to wash away her embarrassment.

"-You know doing it would take a lot of time." She added hinting at sex.

Speechless, Max after a few rounds of thinking nodded.

However, he wasn’t going to let her masturbate him.

Taking her hand off his cock, he held it still and placed one hand on her instead, like he was about to bestow his blessings upon her.

"... Moogie, how about Pookie do it like this instead." The words were so difficult to say, out of character, but to play in role with her character to not make her displeased he had to.

Waving his meaty cock before her, he placed it on her lips without meeting resistance. A little demonstration of what she wanted to do.

"Ah." Moogie’s face showed a look of enlightenment and her face brightened.

Opening her mouth wide, Max slowly slid his cock inside enough to have it buried deep down her throat.

She closed her mouth and he held her head still. Digging his fingers between her hair, he slowly began rocking forward and backward.

Increasing the face of his slow repeated thrust to steady. When enough of his precum had mixed with her saliva.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

It wasn’t the sound of her sucking his glans but his cock brushing her tongue with rapid pace. Down to the extent her throat could barely take.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

"Ahhh:"&-&#+-$#!"

Her mouth created a sloppy sound according to his thrust, making her gag incomprehensible words as her saliva and his precum dripped down her chin.

Kpa kpa kpa

The sound of their flesh kissing joined production. Ramming his groin against her face, his balls against her chin.

She kept her neck straight and her mouth open without any resistance, showing him that she was free for him to use. Eventually he couldn’t take it anymore.

Forcing her face to kiss his groin by pressing her head close, his cock went beyond limit, down her throat. Lounging deeper with each wave of sticky seeds he released.

"Hmmm&-$#$#" Moogie hummed, apparently being suffocated by the lack of air.

Exiting her throat he spewed his remnants seeds across her mouth and chin. Making the woman release a pleased moan.

Finally his morning glory which had been restless, became limp. The released content wasn’t small either.

Seeing him become small, Moogie smiled, swallowing the cum in her mouth and standing up.

"Pookie taste’s good. If Pookie needs any help just signal the head of maids.-" She then glanced briskly at her watch, not caring of the facial treatment on her face.

"It’s 10:31. Pookie shouldn’t delay unless he earns the Matriarch’s irk." Urging him to the bathroom, she made her way out after that.

Speechless,

’The Matriarch seems to be a cruel figure.’ Max thought before submerging himself in the bathtub.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98: - Breakfast-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Looking at the prepared set of outfits,Max unhurriedly picked one up.

A light green buttoned shirt and ironed pants.

Max picked the two.

A few moments later he picked the cuffs, the cologne did its job, toning the air around him.

His hair, although a bit ruffled, maintained its charm to some extent.

Now the only thing that remained was a fancy little green tie he was supposed to stylishly wrap around his neck. Completing your casual celebrity look dress style. Such usually seen in dramas.

’Fuck that.’ Max flung the tie away.

Moving to the body length mirror, he calmly gazed at his own reflection.

Unfolding the opening of his collar a bit, he unbuttoned a few buttons. Making sure a bit of chest was exposed, revealing the acute line of his muscles around his chest.

Usually, ladies term it to be hot. Fitting the intention he had in mind.

Glancing back at his cuffs, he decided to go all out. He unbuttoned it, folded it a bit and raised it close to his elbow. His toned arm muscles were subtly being flexed.

Glancing at his sparkling black heavy shoes, he nodded commendably at his reflection. Such was the current classic celebrity trend.

"Dressing like a celebrity huh?" Max talked to his reflection, taking a few poses he thought was cool.

’I almost forgot.’ As he was about to step out, he suddenly covered his face and walked to the bag. Picking up the small bag that contained the only thing he was allowed to take last night. He wore the diamond ring, a light gold chain that coiled around his neck and a wristwatch no less expensive. Although he never checked up on the price, it had been a birthday gift from his father.

All in all, Max felt he was quite good enough and stepped back out.

’Though father never talked about it, the competition must be quite fierce. Things like luxury should be a thing amongst the offspring.’

Remembering the three girls that burst in on him earlier, he opened the door. Stepping outside there was a lady in a professional white and black maid dress. Wearing a short pleated skirt, with short sleeves and an apron. Her hair was tied in a neat bun.

She held both hands to the front, placing them together and bowed upon noticing him.

"Good morning Mr Max, I have been asked to be your personal help and you should be directed to the Dine before the Matriarch’s arrival."

’Once again Matriarch.’ Interrupting his thoughts about Moogie, he nodded at the lady and followed behind her without uttering any word. Unlike Moogie whose uniform completely hid her sharp, the young maid leading in was about her early mid twenty, so her dressing was quite sharper.

The skirt of her uniform was just slightly above her knee, sharply outlined her slender sharp curves.

With no other thing outstanding about her, he attuned himself to the rhythm of her ass as they passed through the not spacious but grand hallway. Then climbing down the stairs. The great room could be spotted with a corner grand opulent door to the side that presented a comfy grand dining room.

Following the sounds of his steps upon his arrival, all heads turned to him.

...

It hadn’t been a day since their vacation. Mere hours after the term officially ended, they prepared for their Easter holiday. Going quite the shopping and buying several grandiose gifts for their grandmother. Dresses, outfits, jewelry, they didn’t miss a single one.

All pumped to see each other, the main family line was so little and spread all over the world that they barely saw each other again.

Olivia, Ava,Ivy, Annabelle, Daisy, Noah, Daniel and Blake. All gathered in the dinning, there was another unexpected addition... Evelyn.

The beautiful girl with long brown hair who they all remembered as a kid was now grown, looking more mature than some of them with quite the grace.

Stepping in, she calmly met their gaze and walked forward to sit by the right hand of the main seat, centering the long table filled with several exotic dishes. Opposite Ivy who raised her head from the phone for the first time to glance at her opposing counter with a stunned look.

Their exchange was silent but the heat didn’t go unnoticed. At this, Blake laughed being the most carefree one amongst them.

Awaiting their grandmother, they all didn’t want to make noise since she disliked such. Instead they hurriedly faced their phone screen and texted each other in the group chat. Ivy even joined the fray.

(Omg! Isn’t that Evelyn?)

(Like seriously!)

(Why is she sitting opposite Ivy?)

(Dummies, I heard she’s an SS Elite of Metropolitan.)

( Reacted crying emoji to being called a dummy.)

(Shit, why wasn’t I told.)

(What happened? I thought she and her fatty brother had been casted away from the main family after all these years.)

(Right now that you mention it, I also remember that fat scoundrel, running nose and dirty little pig.)

(Reacted laughing emojis)

(Back then he was so funny.)

(What are you all Saying, doesn’t anybody know about the newly added dude to the main family.)

(Oh gosh, you should have seen that dude.)

(Hurry, hurry, someone tell me who he is.)

(Who are you all talking about?)

(Ah, me, Olivia and Annabelle bumped into a prince this morning... Oh my!)

(Which fucking prince?!)

(What are you girls talking about?)

(Could there be any more handsome guy than me in this family?)

(Oops, Archie.)

(Shut up Blake, I can sense your jealousy from here.)

(Well, he had this kind of abs, crafted muscles. He’s a fucking top star model.)

(Omg, Olivia calm down. You shouldn’t be slain. He was...)

(Come on, who is that fucking bastard!)

However at this moment they all turned their heads at the sound of a certain footsteps.

Casting their gaze to the prime masculine figure, oozing ’call me Alpha’s aura. His right hand rested in his pocket and his calm eyes met their gaze.

’What the fuck!’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99: -The Matriarch -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’What the fuck!’

Although their thoughts were hidden, their expressions weren’t. They all appeared dazzled by his appearance.

Meeting their stares, he calmly walked forward. As their gaze followed him, he sat on the last chair to the right row. Though many seats were left unoccupied, the whole of the long dining table was arranged, filled with several exotic dishes. Quality and quantity at the same time.

Seeing his sister sitting right next to the main head seat, Max had guessed there was some kind of hierarchy assigned to the seats. In order to avoid any embarrassing scenario, like being told to get up and let another family member sit, he silently took the last seat.

"Puffst-" suddenly there was short muffled laughter, coming from a green haired dude sitting on the right row, the third seat. The two other males similarly covered their mouths. But the girls showed varying degrees of facial fluctuation.

Though it was quite funny that Max had stepped in, all glorious but sat in the least favored position, his action mirrored the kind of person he was.

The guys reaction was nothing but an exaggeration to wash away their jealousy and embarrassment from losing their composure.

However, before any of them could speak or turn towards their phone to type in a few words. The sound of a door opening drew their attention.

To the right upper corner of the dinning, a medium door was pushed open. Releasing a dull wooden clang as it revealed four feminine figures.

One being a woman probably in her late fifties being pushed through a wheelchair. She had short hair with several white streaks and wore a black head band that painted a youthful temperament around her. Maintaining a slight charm from her prime,the woman had once been an arrogant beauty no doubt.

To her right was a familiar woman in a professional maid uniform with a neat tight bun. Appearing to hold quite the position she walked beside the old woman while the two remaining figures, similarly maids but with lower standing pushed the wheelchair and opened the door.

From the way the whole dining became attentive, there was no doubt of the old woman’s identity.

She was the reverend Matriarch.

As she was pushed closer, Max saw the rest hurriedly stand up, and calmly followed.

The wheelchair came to a stop next to the main seat. Expecting a scene of being assisted to sit. Instead, The woman stood up with grace, a kind only excess money could afford.

Her full charm came into view.

She was wearing a long, cream-colored cashmere coat draped over her shoulders like a cape, open to reveal a silk blouse in a muted blush tone, tucked neatly into a tailored skirt of dark navy tweed.

Surprisingly there were no wrinkles on her face, clear and toned. Max silently re-assessed her age.

Sweeping them with her gaze, her eyes settled on Max for a split second, before she silently sat down.

Seeing this everyone reservedly sat back down.

’Ten in total. It seems like a Grandchildren with Grandma gathering.’

Finding no sight of the parents, Max inwardly made his own assessment of the dining table.

After the Woman picked up her cutlery and sliced a bit of of green stick, the whole dining assumed life

Blending had always been his fourth so Max silently followed suit. Being at the last end however, he was the source of several silent glances including the old woman.

From the corner of his eyes he caught sight of Moogie giving him an encouraging nod. Somehow managing the whole Scenario to be less distant in his heart.

In terms of etiquette no one was lagging behind, including Max.

They continued eating in silence, other than the clangs of cutlery nothing else could be heard until finally... about five minutes after they began. The woman who was supposedly the Matriarch and their grandmother paused, reserving her cutlery, she seemed unable to contain her curiosity any longer like the rest of her granddaughters.

"Tell me, which of my grandchildren is that?" Causing the whole dinning to become silent, she urged her neck slightly towards Max, who was calmly placing his fork by the side.

Everyone similarly turned to Max.

Revealing a bright smile, Moogie who stood behind the Matriarch bent her head slightly and replied.

"He’s Max, Madam Beatrice and Master Sebastian’s... Son."

Instantly the whole dining fell into a deeper vacuum of silence. Everyone’s expression changed drastically, but the Matriarch being very experienced was the first to overcome her shock while the rest of them still tried hard to compare the little fatty who always had a running nose then to the exceedingly handsome youth before them.

Currently the ones who showed the most reaction were the three male youths. The word ’unbelievable’ was etched on their face.

The following were the three girls that had seen his morning glory earlier today. They all showed varying degrees of blush upon realizing the person they had just mocked in the chat was the handsome guy.

Ivy the girl sitting opposite Evelyn and the plumpy girl sitting right after Evelyn showed lesser emotions on their face. Being just surprised with a look of interest.

Evelyn didn’t express any emotions on her face, but deep down she felt very proud to see her cousin’s reaction.

To their gazes, Max kept his expression cool and tilted his neck slightly towards the Matriarch.

"Max..." the Matriarch muttered, her cold stern face turning soft with a bit of sadness in her eyes.

The young youth, having lost his fatness, showed a lot of semblance to her late daughter Beatrice, his mother.

At the call of his name Max’s eyes settled on her. The rest similarly turned their heads at the same time.

Stunned by their grandmother’s softened expression...

"Is there anything you want or would want me to do for you. State your wish." The Matriarch declared, resting her back on the seat as she expected him to excitedly state a few things.

As the faces of her other grandchildren turned green from envy....

"Nothing."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100: - $1,000,000-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Nothing."

The whole dining fell into another round of silence. As they all tilted their heads towards Max in surprise.

The Matriarch revealed a calm expression, interest appearing in the depth of her eyes.

Whilst Max neutrally met their gaze.

After a few more moments, everyone seemed to realize he wasn’t joking or trying to put up a front. A hint of ridicule appeared in most of them eyes thinking he was ignorant of their grandmother’s identity.

"Hmm, you can think about it later and get back to me."

Nudging the edge of her lips with a napkin, she calmly placed it and revealed a slight smile.

"Hmm." Max replied with a curt nod.

Naturally his cold despondent attracted the irk of the other male youths but never seemed to care.

The Matriarch turned to Evelyn, smiling with motherly grace, the rest of her grandchildren were forced into another round of shock.

"You should come see me later Evelyn."

To her words, Evelyn gave a graceful nod.

"Grandma, we brought you something on our way since we couldn’t come empty handed." The green haired youth was the one to speak. Causing the Matriarch’s eyes to settle on him, while raising her brow in interest.

"I bought you a Pu-Erh tea leaf. I personally travelled to China yesterday to buy it at an auction. According to the test,it is aged twenty five years which is almost unheard of. Taking this would surely ease your heart in turbulent times." With a flattering smile, the green haired youth brought out a small box, behind him one of the maids had arrived and respectfully took it.

"Thank you Blake, that’s so thoughtful of you."

Next to pop out a box was the petite girl, the smallest among the small and the big amongst biggest.

"I crocheted this sweater with love for you. You know what they say; Love is priceless." With a cheeky smile she handed it to the maid behind her.

Following was the girl by her right, then the boy opposite her, then the girl beside him. Next to his sister, the plumpy girl being the most reserved amongst them also gave her a gift. The girl opposite his sister too.

’Ivy the oldest,Olivia the most active, Ava and Annabelle sisters, Daisy the most reserved, Noah often staring at Annabelle, Daniel relating to Ivy and Blake troublesome.’ Max inwardly noted, but then the dining settled into an awkward silence after everyone presented their gift.

At this moment Max exchanged glances with his sister, seeing her take a subtle breath. There was no hint of flattering in her voice, instead she appeared cold and composed just like Ivy had been before showcasing a smile.

"We’ve heard of your love for ancient old varieties, grandmother.

An art piece said to be a lost British treasure was recently discovered in Africa, said to have been left behind by a colonial master of the bygone era. Me and my brother did our best to acquire it, and it’s currently being shipped from Africa." Evelyn’s words caused the whole dining room to become silent, even the Matriarch sat upright with a vivid look of interest in her eyes.

Swiping the screen of her phone, Evelyn politely passed it to her. Adjusting her glass, the Matriarch began nodding her head commendably.

As one of the richest British families, she seemed to know the said art piece. Making everyone in the dining room overwhelmed with curiosity.

"Ok then, you’ve both done well. When I see it, you shall be rewarded."

But Evelyn politely shook her head in refusal,

"No grandmother, it’s a gift."

"Ok then if you say so I shall boldly accept your gracious gift."

Seeing how the Matriarch reacted there was a solemn exchange between the rest of their cousins not daring to imagine the price of the art piece.

’It should be at least $15 million right?’ some guessed in their heart.

’There goes a hundred million.’ Despite his expressionless look, Max felt remorseful without knowing his father’s reason for handing out such.

From the exchange between Evelyn and the Matriarch, it was noticeable that the Matriarch’s mood had been alleviated. Her usually stern face now has warmth to it.

Ding! Zzz Zzz!

Different alarms went off at the same time across the dining room. Everyone turned to their phone to see they had been credited about One Million shit.

"Holy-" Blake wanted to curse out in shock but timely reacted and held back. His face flushed in excitement.

Everyone similarly had their faces flushed in joy.

Seeing her almost emptied account refilled almost hundred times. Evelyn was shocked. Her cold facade broke, her face shone with similar flush like the rest.

However Max’s expression was the most minimal. He raised his brows slightly and kept it back.

"Thank you grandma."

"Thank you grandma."

"Thank you grandma."...

Voicing out one after another, the Matriarch silently stood up. The wheel chair was pushed closer and she sat on it.

The moment she was pushed out, the dining broke out into an excited clamour.

"Hahaha, yes." Blake broke out in joyous laughter.

Following the girls who cheered, slapping hands other than Ivy, his sister and Daisy the plump one.

"Well we should be thankful to these two cousins of ours." one finger at Max and the other at Evelyn, Olive the petite girl joyously said.

"Shit, it is indeed true, we would usually receive five hundred grand." Blake seemed to realize the same thing and quickly composed himself. His smile turned friendlier.

"Sis Evelyn is such a genius." He said walking forward to take Evelyn’s hand and kiss it.

"Hmmm." The rest agreed simultaneously. Their attitude towards Max drastically different since they were still struggling to confront the reality of his change.

Standing up, about to take his leave, he saw Olivia walk towards him.

"Are you really that fatty?" She inquired, making the others turn towards while he silently nodded.

"I am."

Hearing his voice, their expressions all changed.

QN

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101: - Let me show you around."-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I am."

It took a moment before they all recovered.

"It’s really you, fatty." Blake remarked. While Noah and Daniel smiled, acting more reserved with a look of interest as to Blake’s sudden all out friendliness.

" I heard you got admitted into Elite Metropolitan as a C Ranked Student. Doing neither good or bad. Seeing you back here, it must be nice having such a star sister." Though it was said with all smiles, the underlying intent beneath was as clear as day.

Noah and Daniel revealed a broader smile upon seeing this.

Whilst Max kept his face neutral, meeting their eyes he responded with a positive nod.

"Your circle must be really small, how about coming to the welcome feast with us tonight. True elites across Britain would be there. Perhaps I might help you build a relationship with Andrew, I heard he’s an A ranked, Class 1 student."

The way he said it made it seemed like he was Max nouveau Richie, and he was trying to help him build connections.

"Come on stop it Blake- Max it has been a long time since you came here. Let me show you around." Casting one grumpy look at the green haired youth, Blake, Olivia puffed a smile and nudged him.

"The rest of you should show big sis Evelyn around." Grabbing Max’s arm it was as if she was claiming tour guide ownership with him and began walking away.

Seeing this, the rest of them exchanged glances.

"Let’s go to the pool.

...

After pulling him out of dining, Olivia disengaged and folded arms to her flat chest.

"You’re no fun. Back then you used to be." Puffing her cheeks she chided him playfully.

Not saying a word though, Max calmly and silently gazed at her.

Noticing this she tilted her neck with a questioning look.

"Why are you acting like this?" Max found himself asking, his brows furrowed as he held her gaze.

Last night he had been in his room reasoning about the system, yet in barely just twelve hours everything around him changed drastically.

Waking up, three girls pushed open the door of the room and left after savoring to their heart content. Barely a minute after he was engaged in feat of emotional reunion leading to an unsuccesful blowjob then mouth fucking.

A reunion with an extended family, foreign and not so welcoming. The group had already solidified so he felt like a stranger in their midst.

The Matriarch, supposedly his grandmother, granted him a favour. After one of his cousins wanted to mess with him. Saved by this lively petite who acted like they were so close.

’Family Drama.’

Deciding to speak his mind he asked without hesitation.

"Why am I acting like this? That’s direct."

"Well, after not seeing you for years, the times we spent together as kids now feels kind of awkward.

Also you seem to be the lone type now. From what I have judged so far your social ethics is on the low. As rich folks, except you work behind the scenes you have to be able to associate with people. And considering your low Rank in School. You’ll probably be sent to some deserted region..." pausing, she revealed a bright smile.

"Consider this as me repaying the five hundred grand you and your sister made us pick up. I’ll help you blend in with the rest of us, stand up for you if Blake tries to taunt you too."

"Did I drop enough points?"

"- come on, let me truly show you around."

Not giving him a chance to refuse, she flung her hair backwards before turning.

With no other options, Max silently followed.

"This hallway leads to the rooms. The earlier rooms like the one you stay in are guest rooms. But don’t fret, we all stay in guest rooms except for Ivy and your sister, due to their positions they get to use the master bedrooms. That’s the last ten doors to the end. I have to tell you though, each has been assigned with names so don’t hope to do well while expecting one."

"You see that hall there?" halting she gestured towards the rooms across it.

"Off limit."

"Grandma keeps a collection and private items there. The deeper each room is located the more precious things are stored there with great security. Opening each of those doors triggers an alarm through the Mansion. It may not seem like but I once saw small turrets pop out from the floors and walls. Everything may seem calm on the surface but the security around here is world class." Solemnly turning away from the grave hallway.

They walked a bit before she came to another half.

"This is the maid quarters..." A lewd smile played on her lips as she said these words.

"You can have your fun if you’re the type to mess around. However you may be disowned for assaulting or forcing yourself on anybody." With a careful look into his eyes, she turned and kept on walking. When she came to a halt again, they were standing in the foyer of the building. Climbing down the stairs, she led him through a more spacious hallway with a glass wall, presenting a beautiful view of the morning sun outside.

"That’s the stable, we have several good horses there. Do you know how to ride?" Pointing at a distant barn across the green plain, she held his hand and began dragging him.

"Come I’ll teach you, sounds like a good way to start the easter holiday." Walking past a side door, she pointed at some other part of the building.

"The gym and sports rooms are over there!"

"Hurry!"

Taking off her shoes, she held up the helm of her dress and began running.

Left with no other choice, Max had to quicken his pace to catch up with her in silence.

Few minutes later she was heaving, her expression speechless upon noticing he was barely sweating.

"Come on." Putting on her shoes she urged him to follow her inside.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102: - I want to see-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The stable looked less like a barn and more like a cathedral for horses.

Each stall had brass nameplates, customized for its prized occupant.

With a rough count, Max summed them to be ten in total. The horses were fine, their coats sleek and glistening. They had heavy full manes.

Occasionally releasing low snorts and lazily flinging their tails.

’Just a stomp of their hooves would probably crush someone’s skull.’ Max thought finding each of them extremely pleasing to look at.

"Midnight." Rubbing the space between the eyes of his gleaming black horse, Olivia, seeing she had gotten the attention of his silently wandering eyes, smiled.

"This belongs to Ivy." She confirmed, lightly parting the head before moving to the next after it.

Wrapping her arm around its head, her motion of smoothening the horse coat was more affectionate than she had done to the first.

"This is Valentine, my horse."

As if answering her call the horse snorted and waved its tail.

"That’s my girl." Olivia nodded before letting go of it. Pointing at the two opposite of it. A chestnut maned horse that began the opposite row and buckskin horse.

" Caspian and Ardent, they belong to Daisy and Noah."

Then a horse with a silver coat.

"That’s Silver, it belongs to Annabelle."

"King and Dorian belongs to Blake and Daniel."

Pointing at the horses with a roan and pinto coat, she moved to the next which had a palomino coat.

"That is Ava’s."

Of the ten horses eight had been claimed. Leaving just two horses, one white and the other brown. Their stall had no brass plate meaning they were yet to be named.

"Well, I guess that should be for you and Evelyn. And yours is definitely not the white one."

"I know." Throwing her a short silent look, silently expressing that he wasn’t dumb.

"Ok, I guess I went too far." Raising her hand in an apologetic manner she raised the helm of her dress and went back to the second horse.

It was surprising that the stable was especially clean except for the smell.

"Unfortunately, since you can’t ride we’ll be using my precious Valentine. How about you pass me the saddles over there." Opening the stall, she paused and pointed at rows of spotless saddles. The only thing seeming to lack a sense of hierarchy here.

" Thanks."

"Hmmm."

With one last click the mount named Valentine was ready to go.

Using the portable staircase, she folded the helm of her dress and climbed the horse back.

Motioning for him to do the same thing, Max stared at her for a few moments before deciding to follow suit.

Releasing a snort, the horse steadied its hooves. While she adjusted the reins.

"Hold tight."

Upon her words Max held her slender waist, sensing her turn tense and froze for a moment as if not expecting him to actually do it.

"Watch and learn then."

"Hmmm"

After a short pause she released a short breath and swung the reins. After that the horse began to move forward, the distinct thud of its hooves echoing as they exited the stable.

Welcoming the fresh air, she held back its rein and the horse stopped.

Staring at the green stretching land,

"Feels so nice after so long." Olivia inhaled a deep breath.

"To ride, you have to keep your two legs on the stirrup steady and flexible."

"Flex your legs and hold up the reins and you’re good to go."

Demonstrating, she swung the reins and the horse began strutting down the little pavement.

"We’ll be going south, downstream to the edge of the estate."

Saying that, the soft wind blew her hair to his face as the horse’s speed began to accelerate.

Galloping through the green field, the mane of the horse danced with the wind. Clutching steadfastly to her waist, Max studied the repeated motion of her hands holding the rein.

Maybe because of his hands, Olivia’s talkative part of her seemed to have been switched. He was expecting her to shout out loud through the wind as they rode. However, she had been strangely quiet throughout, other than the sound of her breath.

"Max! That thing earlier..." letting the wind carry her voice, she paused.

"... Is it Real?!"

’Is that what you’ve been thinking about all these while?’

Finding her words funny, his lip curled into a smile.

She probably wasn’t expecting him to answer considering his introverted way of speech. Feeling him so close to her, she just wanted to salvage her thoughts. Succumbing to her curiosity.

’... Bold.’ Max added in his thoughts. Taking a few moments to ponder his response..

"You want to see it?" His voice was brief, not loud. Alongside the speeding hooves and wind, she heard his words loud and clear. And her body froze for a moment, recovering an instant later they kept on whooshing through the landscape in silence.

Soon, at the edge of their vision, something appeared.

A Tree.

Not just any tree, but a big oak tree. It rose from the heart of the field like a guardian. Casting a shade circle area around it.

The closer they rode towards it, the more clear and serene fantasy it looked like.

And soon after they arrived beneath its imposing height. Olivia slightly pulled back the rein of the horse, causing the sound of its hooves to recede into small counts. Until it finally stopped.

"This is Mama Oak and where we hold our picnic and that’s the stream..." pointing to a silent moving body of shallow water , Olivia said after a short moment of silence, motioning for him that they should get down.

"...Also, it was the Riders family crest mark when the royal British parliament ruled a century ago." She said walking forward to feel the trunk with an emotional look.

"... Funny, the reason why we were named Rider was because two love birds usually rode all the way here on their horse every night to see each other. Eventually the male learned how to ride so we’ll because of it. Becoming a knight, he always aced through the battlefield because of his riding skills so he was termed Rider. When he ascended through the hierarchy to become a Duke he took up the title as a surname. Him and his beloved creating a new lineage."

"Is it just nice?"

’Indeed.’

Silently nodding, he admired the big tree.

However...

"I want to see it."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103: - Under Mama Oak-**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I want to see it."

Her tone was straight, lacking any sort of fanfare.

Confused for a moment, his eyes followed the direction of her gaze. Remembering their little exchange on the horse. Max stood silent for a moment.

"Are you shy?" She urged him, causing him to shake his head negatively.

Before her stunned curious eyes, he began unbuckling his pant without any fanfare.

"Wait, you’re really going to..." not wanting to believe, her voice was instantly shut up by the sight of his half limp brother sliding out of his zipper.

Despite his perverted action, Max face was actually calm. Monitoring the movement of her pupils.

Which each passing moment, his dick hardened even more under her gaze. Extending from small 4 thick inches it went to 6, then seven. Causing her mouth to widen even more, it continued awakening. Assuming 80% rigidity due the lacking stimulation of touch. A whole inch remaining.

However to Olivia the sight was still fascinating. Knowing her cousin had such a big cock aroused her.

"This..." she finally managed to utter for the first time in the past minutes. Naturally she blushed but not avoiding his gaze.

"How did you get so big?" She blurted in disbelief, glancing towards his hanging monstrosity.

Having seen a few cocks herself and tasting her boyfriend’s own, she knew such size was almost impossible to achieve among boys of his age.

"Practice." Seeing her marvel at his instrument, Max answered her question.

"Lair, what sought of practice create this? How many girls are you fucking?-" She seemed so overwhelmed and blurted her thoughts out. Freezing she smiled.

"It doesn’t matter anymore does it?" She inquired glancing down at his cock.

"Hmmm." Max nodded in response.

"You’re hard, can’t I touch it?" Already walking forward, she glance to his expression.

"Yes. But are you a Virgin?" Wanting to know if there was anyone who had screwed her once despite her petite almost chestless figure, Max asked out of curiosity.

"Oh-" pausing she looked surprised before responding.

"I was until recently." She said after a slight pause.

"Ok."

The next thing Max felt was her soft cool palm grabbing his steaming hot meat.

Upon touching it, a visible glint of shock flashed through her eyes. Followed by fascination. She raised her head to his face.

"... My boyfriend is five." She said hesitating and adjusting her grip on his cock.

Sensing the awkward tension, Max nodded with a mute understanding manner. By now his cock had clearly elongated to its prime form. Hardened and rigid to the limit, she could feel it.

"Can I suck it?" Her eyes aflame with desires, they both calmly observed each other’s expression with a nod.

"Yes." The word escaped his throat and his cock pulsated with vitaliy of filling her small mouth down to her throat.

"Thanks." She muttered after a little pause. Using hand to hold his waist for support she went down.

Grabbing his cock with her right hand, she appeared to be checking out the pulsating veins that stretched around it.

Followed with a slight hesitation, she opened her mouth wide and bobbed her head down. Swallowing half of him in one gulp.

"Mmmmm.". She released a short muffled breath, savoring the taste of his steaming cock.

"Argh." Feeling her tongue slider all over the tip of his dick, Max let out a low groan of pleasure.

Hearing this, Olivia smiled with his dick still inside her mouth. Firmly seizing him by the base, she increased the length of his exploration.

Apparently never tasted a cock this big before. She acted with caution while licking his dick.

Teasingly rubbing her tongue all over it, she stroked it a few times with fascination.

Playing cautious, she kept on rubbing her tongue on it, barely taking half of him at a time. Her novice manner somehow pleased him. The feeling of not being gobbled whole was also pleasing.

About three minutes later, she seemed to have gotten the hang of handling something as big as his thick eight inch cock and began going deeper once again.

Watching just over half of his dick fill her mouth and her cheeks puffed to the limit. Her dainty lips and teeth pressing against his cock. Max lust continued raising.

Slurp!

Finally taking in enough length and triggering the right amount of precum. She created her first slurpy sound, then the second.

Slurp!

Taking out his dick,she held it before her face in an observing manner.

Sticky wet in saliva and pre cum that connected a thin line to her lips. She grabbed its base and began stroking it swiftly. Spitting on it repeatedly, she took it back inside her mouth and gradually extended its reach inside her.

On her first try, she took out his cock right after he reached her throat. On the second try she lasted two seconds. On the fifth she was able to let him in for a few moments.

Slurp!

Slurp! She held his waist and kept on bobbing her head back and forth

Slurp!

Slurp! After that the pace at which he gained entry inside her throat increased.

. slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

With repeated swift motion her chin was drooling his precum. Her elegant dress was stained.

"Argh." Closing his eyes, Max submerged in the feeling of her throat. Deepthroating her, he made sure she felt him .

"Aa&_#$$+-#!!" Olivia released a similar muffled gag sound, suffocating, her veins bulge turning flush. Max quickly pulled out.

"Ahhh" exhaling,- out loud she hastily took in a deep breath.

Giving her a few moments to recover by his dick remained pointing at her face.

To their side the silent horse let out a cold snort, causing Max to glance towards it.

Seeing the elegant stallion, Max’s eyes showed enlightenment and he then assisted Oliver up.

Directing her to the gallant stallion, while she puzzledly did as he did directed.

Max made her hold onto the stallion for support and bend her back slightly.

Her ass now protruding towards him, he raised up her dress from behind.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104: -Let’s try it-***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A big THANK YOU to Buddhabuddha: Magic Castle

She was wearing a blue thong. The thin fabric hid her ass hole.

Her ass cheeks were exposed, slightly flushed from the riding.

"Hmmm." Pulling the thong to the side, he dived towards her innermost region.

Inserting his middle finger between the shaven slit, she let out a short moan, quaking intensely as she readjusted her hold on the horse.

Then directly slipping inside her, he felt her soft wetness and tightness clamp down his finger.

"Hmmmmmmm!." Olivia released a sharp moan. And her mouth remained open as she breathlessly squirmed, shuddering with slight tremor as she arched her neck backwards.

"Hmmmmmmm!" Upon exiting, her mouth instantly closed shut and her head hung low. Savoring the emptiness created by his finger with shallow breaths.

"Hmmmm." she trembled slightly feeling his reinserted middle finger squeezing against her wet walls.

Exiting and reinserting, Max repeated the same motion, continuously pleased by her reaction.

But now, sensing her pent desires and the increasing moist of her pussy walls. He held her waist to steady the rhythm of her squirming body before slightly inserting the tip from behind.

"Ahhh!"

With the sudden change to a bigger and steaming flesh, Olivia let out a sharp gasp. Closing her eyes as she tried to savour the wondrous feeling of his cock.

"-hmmmm." Her moan was instantly cut short, changed to a different tempo. Her breath extended and her body jolted from the force of thrusting into her.

If only she had breasts then they would quake and bounce instead.

"Argh!" Burying more than half of his inches inside her, Max groaned deeply at the exceptional tightness of her hole. But thanks to her high arousal, he was able to slip in.

"Hmmmm-" Olivia breathed in ecstasy, reaffirming her grip on the horse which still stood nonchalantly despite withstanding the jolt of thrust that made her loose hold of it.

"Hmmm-" she let out another because Max added another inch to her depth.

"You’re so big, I feel like you want to rip me in half."

With her petite slender frame, it wasn’t really surprising. Max cock after all was only less than the size of her wrist by a small margin. Imagining it inside her caused her to shiver. However in reality after it entered she felt nothing but pleasure.

"Ahhhhhhh!"

Following Max’s second thrust which was steady and paced, Olivia let out a loud moan. Raising her head, she clung tight to the horse. Using it to withstand the impact of his thrust.

"Yessss!"

Max firmly held her Curvaceous thin waist, making such his cock reach deeper inside her while he also raised his head in pleasure, letting out a pleasured groan.

"Ahhh- yesss- yesss!" As she kept receiving Max steady backshot, Olivia couldn’t hold it but trembled vehemently.

"Yesssss!" Her grip on the horse lessened and she almost fell. However Max fortunately was able to react in time. The feeling of her walls clenched intensely around his member made him clench his teeths as he let out a short breath.

"Hmmmmmmmmmmm!" Followed by Olivia’s extended inhalation. Unexpectedly energetic, she quickly broke their contact and turned to face him.

"Please take off my dress." Though she was short, she went on her toes, her hands around his neck and pressed her lips forcefully into his like she was expressing a heat of some sort.

Reciprocating, Max didn’t push her away. Locking her between his arms instead, he quickly found and pulled the zip.

Smooch! Smooch! As their incestuous kiss rang through the air, under his lead she freed the gown she was wearing.

Just in a pair of undies and a squirming pussy filled with her own orgasm.

"Hmmm-" she let out a sharp erotic gasp as Max grabbed her ass. Planting roaming hot kisses around her neck, her eyes became closed and her breath slurred.

She could feel the steaming poke of his cock against her belly, so she used one hand to stroke it.

"Argh." Max used his tongue to part her lips and groan inside her mouth. Enjoying the heated buzz it created.

"Hmmm- yessss"

Suddenly Max’s grip on her ass tightened, slipping one hand to her thigh. He lifted her in one swift motion.

"Ahhhh." Gasping from the sudden feel of weightlessness, Olivia reflectively wrapped both of her arms around his neck. Magneting her petite nude frame to him.

"Hmmmm."

Parting both of her legs, Max held her up and positioned himself at her entrance.

"Yesssss!" Upon the feeling the tip slipped past her petals, Olivia clung onto him tighter than before.

"Hmmmm- ahhh!" Max inserted just half and withdrew his thrust. Lowering her ass a bit-

"Ahhhhhhh!" Olivia gasped, feeling the long slow rhythm of his penetration as it parted the tight slit.

"Hmmmm!" Her moan rang again as he withdrew, this time her fingers even dug his skin. Though he couldn’t see her eyes, he could tell they were probably half closed and almost white.

Following another thrust, she had her third orgasm. Drenching her hole and squeezing his cock inside.

...

"Hmmmmm."

Meanwhile, to Olivia, everything felt extremely foreign to her. Being lifted upward like that’s what she was meant for.

Her legs parted and were weightlessly lifted with arms. She barely had time to comprehend the position he was going for and could only cling onto him.

A moment later she felt his monstrosity slip inside, unlike when she felt pain from the expansion, her insides seemed more accustomed to it.

Thick with girthy length, he exited and penetrated deeper than before.

She felt like she jolted from cloud 99 and thrown into an ocean of pleasure. Her body squirmed. Trembling, she held onto him tighter and released a wave of her nectar on him.

"Hmmmm- hmmm!" Giving her a moment to catch her breath, her arms wrapped tightly around his shoulders as they joined together. Max’s wandering eyes over mama Oak caught sight of a thick branch that extended downward.

’ Let’s try it.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105: -Under Mama Oak-***(2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a thick branch that extended downward. Disrupting the alignment between the other branches.

"Hmmmm."

With his cock still inside Olivia, he walked towards the branch. Each of his steps also serving as a thrust that made her petite figure melt into him.

"Ahhhh." Arriving at the branch, her style of holding onto him had changed to that of a little girl clinging onto her father. Except that her pussy walls were squeezing him tight inside her.

"Hmmmm." A blissful moan escaped her lips in satisfaction of his steaming cock inside her.

The branch just above her head. Just as she was confused by what he wanted to do.

Loosening her arms around his neck a bit, she shifted slightly in arms, her face flushing from the pleasure and stared at his face.

"Hmmm- are you tired?" She asked, feeling a bit guilty that she was being the one carried.

However, Max wordlessly stared at her for a moment before nudging his neck upward to signal at the branch.

"Hold that."

With a face of mixed confusion and pleasure, she released one of her hands to hold the branch.

"Both hands."

Doing just as he said, she held onto the branch with her legs resting on his arms.

With the new sense of freedom, Max adjusted his hold of her thighs. Slipping out his cock and repositioning it. Olivia’s eyes widened knowing what he was about to do.

"You’re... ahhhh." Cutting her short, Max thrust upward with balanced ease.

"Yesss!"

"Ahhhhh!"

"Hmmmm!"

Hanging onto the tree, Max began slamming into her from below. The branch shook, causing leaves to fall after each of his thrust but Olivia held on, her moans ringing each time.

He kept on thrusting for the next six minutes, his groans and her moans, alongside occasional snorts from the excluded stallion could be heard.

"Please- ahhhhh- faster! Yesss!"

Surprisingly, Olivia held tight onto the branch and kept begging him for more.

"Hmmmm- Yessssss!" Suddenly she let out a lengthy breath and gasped out the word yes. Her fingers lost grip of the branch and she fell into his arms, clamping her legs around his waist as he let go of her legs.

Their connection was intimate, all of his dick buried inside her. Yet Max hadn’t cum yet. Olivia seemed to notice this too.

" I may not be good at this, but the grasses are clean, let me try my best." She uttered beside his ears, detaching herself from his body as her feet touched the ground for the first time in more than twenty minutes.

Studying the green grasses for a moment, Max wordlessly nodded and chose to sit then lie down.

His cock stood rigid against the soft wind for a moment before it was swallowed by something slippery and soft.

A matching bra to her tongue was what she wore,her navel so shaped and physique so small that all he wanted was to turn her on all fours and slam her from behind.

"Hmmmmm!" Olivia’s eyes bulged as she bent a little, putting her hands on his chest before she was able to savor the bliss.

For the next few moments, she twerked her ass. His cock experiencing every corner edge.

"Hmmmm" she moaned repeatedly until finally she was able to find a rhythm.

"Ahhhhh!" she began rocking him slowly, moaning as she sat on his cock.

"Argh." Max groaned.

He let her continue, feeling that her riding skill was very good. Only that she lacked the shaky plump ass to back it or it would have been wondrous just like Mrs Dalia.

"Hmmmm- yesss!" And when she had her fourth orgasm, Max felt his balls buckle.

"Hmmmm-" heaving heavily, Olivia sat and rested her head on his chest.

"Move." Max told her lightly and she did after taking a look at his face.

She was already exhausted and he could tell, however this was the first hole he’s had after more than 1 week of abstaining.

With one pull of her waist, she was half lying on all fours. Gripping the grasses tight. Her mouth hung up as she moaned out loud.

One hand on her waist, and the other on her rear. Max forwarded his thrust with a precise hit. Causing her to jolt and lose her balance repeatedly.

"Ahh- ahhh- ahhh!"

Smack!

Slapping her ass, Max quickened the pace of his thrust.

Kpa! Kpa! The gratifying sound rang out loud following each of his thrust and her moan.

"Yesss! Ahh! Ahh! Ahhh!..." Holding her waist both hands, Max swiftly banged her from behind as he could feel his sperm building up and about to shoot out.

As if sensing the accumulating pressure....

"Ahhh- please release it inside." After a long time, she wanted to feel the seeds of her rewards inside her.

With one last thrust, Max easily pulled her petite frame backward and slammed accordingly.

"Yesssss!" Following a loud shout from Olivia that caused the horse to stop grazing and stare silently at them. Max felt several shots of his seeds spewed inside her.

"Hmmmm- " both figures stood connected for a while. Drowned in bliss, they both detached and laid exhausted on the grass. Heaving in rhythm.

A few seconds later, Olivia found her way to his chest and clung to him. Taking a peek at his satisfied eyes which was silently observing the branches of the tree.

"You’re such a great Cousin." She uttered, rubbing his chest lightly in a romantic manner.

’Such is the effect of a good dick.’

Finding it funny that they had never seen each other for more than 12 years already, she called him a great Cousin, he wordlessly nodded to her words and turned to face her.

"We did just what they did here."

Olivia revealed a puzzled look at his words but then her eyes widened in realization. For the first time she blushed and playfully hit his chest.

Of course he was referring to her fantasy romance narration of the family’s history.

"We have to go now or the others will notice a few things."

As she said these words, he watched her attractive petite frame obscured by the dress she was putting on.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106: -A few pointers -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I’ll ride."

Unexpectedly, Max stepped forward, halting her just as she reached for the stirrup.

She glanced at his face, expecting to see eagerness— however he looked calm and composed, not like someone thrilled to try something new.

Though she didn’t let it show, Max felt her worry of the horse running away if he triggered it and patted its head.

Seeing the horse didn’t react, Olivia appeared relieved and handed him the reins.

"Just so you know, this is our only ride home."

Understanding her unsaid words, Max calmly straightened his leg. Surprisingly the horse stood calm and upright as he climbed up.

Naturally Olivia who stood witnessing this was incredibly surprised.

Soon after Max motioned for her to get on by stretching out one of his arms to help her up.

She grabbed his hand and was assisted to climb the horse.

Holding the reins steady, Max urged to move by clamping his legs with a quick release.

Snort.

It released a snort and began strutting Forward.

Starting with the sound of steady hooves, as Max adjusted and got familiar with the reins and sitting, its speed gradually increased. And soon after they were galloping through the green field.

"Woooo!" As the wind blew against their faces. Olivia wrapped one arm around his waist and excitedly screamed.

Eight minutes later, the once distant mansion was now very close. Ensuing a steady decrease in the horse speed by pulling its reins, it slowly strutted inside the stable.

"Wait, were you kidding earlier when you said you didn’t know how to ride?" she asked, dismounting from the stead. With inexplicable emotions in her eyes as she stared at him.

Meeting her eyes before shifting out of the way, Max gave a negative nod.

"... No." He added shortly after, causing her to pout with sour face then tugged the rein subtly, leading the stead inside the stall.

"So you mean you learnt it on your first try?" She glanced to see his expression.

"... I had a great teacher." Despite finding himself detached from conversations most times, he felt there was a need to compliment.

"That’s nice, I’ll believe—wait, I forgot my phone?" Just as she was about to close the stall, they noticed a Diamond Series phone lying there. Absently misplaced, Olivia quickly picked it and swiped the screen.

"Oh great-" she said with an exasperated look.

"They are in the fencing room. Let’s go."

With Olivia in the lead, they both walked out of the stable. Entering the familiar hallway of the first floor, with a few knowledgeable turns-

"I can’t go like this-" with a quick scan at her roughed dress, Olivia covered her face, inwardly berating her negligence.

Turning to face him-

"That is the fencing room, I’ll be quick." Pointing at the third door across the hallway, she turned back and quickly walked away.

With one look at her departing figure, Max turned and walked towards the door.

’So what surprise do you have for me.’ Imagining the scene of two of his cousins dressed in white clothes and sparing with big needles, he gradually pushed open the doors. Finding the room to be very spacious with high ceilings of ornate plasterwork, just a small hall.

Clang!

The ring of steel against steel, instantly drew Max’s gaze to the unfolding scene.

Two obscured faces in a silver knight helm and breastplate clashed with a broad sword held with both hands.

Clang!

Both swords were raised again, echoing after the bold collision.

"Come on you bastard!" one of the sparring figures with green hair cursed, readying his sword as he prepared for a second charge.

Whilst the other with brown hair let out a mocking comment while waving the broad sword with skills.

"Your skills are too lacking Blake, a lower Paragon like you doesn’t get enough teachings."

Gritting his teeths behind his helm, the green haired charged forward. While the brown haired welcomed him with more ease than before.

’He’s been agitated.’ Max commented observing the green haired figure, Blake, movement.

From their words, he also deciphered that Paragon was the term used for S Elites in the school they attended.

Clang! Clang! Clang!...

This time their clash extended to a total of five clangs. Although Blake’s movement was readable, and dodging would have solved it, Noah the one with brown haired chose to meet it head on.

Following the fifth clang, Noah had his blade close to Blake’s neck.

"Okay I conce-... Oh, look who is back from the tour." His voice loud with a sarcastic tone to it, Blake didn’t seem to mind the blade pointed at his neck anymore but instead took off his helm and roughed his hair.

Upon his words, the girls who had been idle or focused on watching the sparing, all tilted their heads towards Max.

Thrown into the center of attention all of a sudden, Max kept his neutral silent look and nodded in acknowledgement to their presence.

"Come come let’s spare a little cousin. They must have not taught you about combat considering your rank, but we can all give you a few pointers In case you eventually advance.

A new advance S Elite possessing formidable sword skill would definitely be enviable" Blake said with a smile that wasn’t a smile.

The others could all sense his mocking intent, especially the girls who rolled their eyes but each seemed to welcome the thought of watching him sparring. Evelyn included. At this moment, her gaze was the most intense, having blended in with the other girls quite quickly.

"Okay." Max calmly responded as she walked towards the racks of medieval weapons.

Grasping the hilt of a broadsword, Daniel who had been waiting for his turn to dwell came forward and helped him tighten the breastplate.

Putting on a helm, all the girls faltered, with a pink flush tinting their necks. None was excluded by the sight of his silent knight visage.

However, Blake just had to spoil it out of jealousy.

"You can grab the shield if you want to. Consider it training."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107: - Lucky Miss-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Unexpectedly, to both Blake who said and his other cousins. Max gave a thankful nod and turned towards the hang shields.

Picking the one of red and white color, he silently weighed it.

The shield was broad and slightly curved. Tall enough to cover his shoulders and shin if held correctly.

Other than its red and white color, there was also a carved crest on its wood frame. Enforced by a cross thin metal that extended to its edges, a metal edging.

Inserting his arm through the arm brace, Max judged it to be at least 5 pounds.

On the other hand, seeing Max flex his arm weightlessly, having strapped the shield, they all drew a silent breath.

"Come on, we don’t have all day." Blake seeing this disgruntledly hurried him.

’Always aura farming.’ he thought reproachingly, affirming his desire to show Max the level of difference in both skills and how they grew up.

Nodding to Blake’s words, Max calmly strutted forward.

A helm, breastplate, shield and sword. Taking the stance he felt he was most comfortable with. Max raised his shield with one hand and his sword in the other. Visioning himself to be quite valiant, he didn’t notice the thin smile that curled up their lips.

His valiant look and novice stance looked quite comedic. To the girls he looked quite cute.

"Got some skills huh?" Speaking behind his helm, Max could hear the mockery within.

Not bothering with any fancy stance, Blake began with a fanciful move of swinging his sword while appearing to be cautiously moving towards Max.

"Here I come cuz." Giving a mocking reminder, Blake quickened his movement, a zig zag pattern and then swung the sword with all his might.

From the extension of his arm, it was evident that he wanted to take Max down by causing his arm to dent backward after receiving his attack with the shield. Then he would take that chance to point his sword at his neck.

Just like he expected, Max received the sword with the shield. However, the sword hacked into the wood and didn’t move further, Max’s arm remained firm and studious, not bulging a bit from receiving the attack.

Silence...

Everyone drew a subtle breath.

Seeing his opponent stunned without moving, after failing to draw back his sword. Max drew back the shield, dislodging the sword from it and pointed his sword towards the former’s neck.

In Blake’s mind, the scene of Max stumbling from blocking his sword shattered like a glass. Reality presented him with his own defeat.

Instantly his face flushed with embarrassment behind his helm, squeezed like wretched shit.

Taking his opponents silence as conceding, Max calmly withdrew his sword.

"No more newbie treatment, you’ve used your chance and I wasn’t serious just now." Squeezing the words through his teeths, he raised his sword and pointed it at Max. Causing the latter to be speechlessly amazed.

’Wow.’ Max thought but uttered another thing.

"Okay." He nodded in agreement and took off the shield straps. Dropping it to the side.

Despite taking a novice simpleton stance this time, no one felt it was funny. Instead they all squint their eyes.

Without any fancy movement, Blake silently dashed towards him, and when he was so close that it seemed like he wouldn’t stop. His feet took a quick sturdy stance, planting him to the ground. Swinging the sword horizontally, the inertia from his earlier dash traveled through both hands which held the sword, then to the sword itself. Adding more force to it.

It was a fluid transition, one which looked seamless.

If Max failed to dodge it, then he would end up with swollen pain around his rib area, that’s after the breastplate blocked the sword from cutting through.

Without his shield, if that he wasn’t lacking fear or zero confidence in his strength. Then his heart would have wavered, clouding his perception and being unable to detect the blade since it was swung horizontally.

Promptly reacting, Max took two quick steps backwards, extending beyond the reach of the blade as it waved past him.

It was a shallow miss, blocking an horizontal slash that close still presented risk. Not wagering anything, Max chose not to block the sword.

However, by doing so, Blake no longer had a target to transfer the force. It missed and the stance broke. In order not to end up with an embarrassing stumble, he let go of the sword instead.

Max’s eyes widened, Noah’s eyes widened and same was it for everyone else, including the quiet Daisy who had been exchanging glances with Noah. Except Blake the preparator.

The sword upon leaving his grip glided through the air in a straight manner.

There, Olivia who had just stepped in was about to close the door. When she ducked downward to pick something up. Just a single instant after that, the broad sword flew past where her head would have been and collided with the wall of the hallway outside.

Clang! It made a sharp metal sound and dropped to the floor after losing its momentum.

Silence echoed through the atmosphere.

The only clueless people were the two siblings, Blake who was 18 and Olivia 17.

"What?" Blake asked out of reproach, noticing the way they were looking at him. However, he realized he wasn’t the one they were looking at but the door. No, the person that just happened to duck up after the remnant clang settled.

Olivia picked up the cuff, examining it seriously before she realized many eyes were gazing at her.

"Geez, I knew you would do this Blake-" As her eyes settled on Max knightly form, she glared at her brother, only to see he was a bit roughed up. Wearing a helm, Max was still holding a sword but he wasn’t.

Glancing at her brother’s empty hand, she followed their gazes in a monotone manner.

"Shit!" Blake cursed, quickly taking off his helm and dashing off through a smaller door that was quite easy to miss.

"He almost killed you!" Ava shouted, quickly alerting Olivia who at this moment glanced at the cuff then at Max before dashing after the door Blake left through.

"Come here!" She shouted chasing after him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108: - The Bet-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Turning on the PC and finding the familiar game icon on the screen, Max let out a relieved smile.

As it turned out, after Olivia’s near death scenario, he and the rest of his cousins had been in a pretty awkward spot. With Blake having ran off, he exchanged a few nods with the rest of the guys. Whilst Annabelle and Ava ran out after Olivia. Leaving his sister and Ivy. Daisy walked out with Noah after that.

To ease the boredom, his personal assistant, the slender professional maid, just happened to ask if he needed anything.

"A quick gaming setup." Was his response. And within thirty minutes, it was all provided. Without him spending a dime.

Just as he was about to put on the headset- two soft knocks on the door reached his ears. Furrowing his brows, he calmly walked towards the door. Unlocking it, he was a bit puzzled to see the young lady too soon.

Bowing slightly,

"I was told to pass this." She spoke with a refined tone. Stretching out both of her hands to reveal a sleek brand new car key.

Raising his brows, he silently took it up. Perhaps she was mistaken. However with a closer look, he instantly recognized the key to be his.

"Thanks." After a few moments of silence, he nodded in appreciation. Closing the door without further thoughts, and missing her expression at that moment.

’What are you scheming?’ Raising the key to stare at it, he realized his father’s behavior had been all strange. After his nagging about not taking anything along, he went back and sent him the car.

Placing it on the table, he quickly put on the headset. Within squinted eyes, he immersed himself in the thrilling action game.

(Solo versus Squad.) He calmly pressed the enter button.

...

Meanwhile, in a wide spacious bedroom, twice as big as Max’s. Decorated with a dainty flush of emerald, blue, and pink curtains. And a wide open window that let the bright sun light outside to somehow illuminate the room. Casting an ambient setting. A room for fairies.

At the center, there was a round circular bed with a circumference of about four meters. Fashioned with a scattered set of quilts and colorful blankets. A thin canopy of curtains surrounded the bed.

Within three girls, all in their sophomore years were excitedly discussing something.

"So how big was it?" one of them excitedly queried the petite girl.

Instantly covering her face with her palms, the petite girl shook her head negatively. Refusing to answer their questions, due to the shyness of talking about it. The imagination, though she had done her best in suppressing these emotions, putting on a brave nonchalant front before the culprit.

Being questioned by the girls,she was unable to tame down these feelings.

At this moment, Olivia uncovered her face, causing both Ava and Annabelle to become extremely attentive, squeezing closer.

"Spill it." Ava, the one with the biggest breasts among them, urged.

"I don’t know, but it was like this and this." Raising her hands, Olivia demonstrated the measurement of the thing they were talking about. Seeing this, the other two instantly let out an exaggerated gasp. Appearing to be shocked-

"No way." Laughing, Annabelle the medium one, among them, squealed and shook her head in refusal.

"I’m serious." Olivia said, surprised that they didn’t believe her.

"At this I’m doubting if you guys really did it. Would you still be able to walk if it is like that?" Ava asked with a knowing smile.

Whilst Olivia completely blushed.

"- I wasn’t able to, but I hid it pretty well. I was worried how I would ride the horse without letting him know. Fortunately he knew how to ride. My nerves were straightened by the horse ride, so things were already ok for me before we reached." Olivia explained yet none of the girls believed her.

"If what you say is true then he doesn’t sound tough for such a big cock." Annabelle nodded in agreement to Ava’s word. Bursting into a short laughter afterwards.

Meanwhile, Olivia’s neck flushed as she listened to their giggles.

"I’ll show you guys. Let’s bet." She said, revealing her trump card.

Instantly the two other girls stopped laughing and stared at her in silence.

"Sure, if you can."

"I want your purple pearl earrings."

Ava agreed and Annabelle decisively stated her wants.

Inside the room, the girls quickly came to a conclusion without Max being unaware of their nefarious plans for him.

...

Later in the evening.

Knock knock

Two calm reserved knocks rang on his door, causing Max who had just exited the bathtub to pick up his tower and wrap it around his waist. Leaving broad chiseled and and chest steaming from the hot water exposed.

After the two consequent incidents in the morning, he made sure to switch the lock whenever he was going to get nude.

"Here this is your..." the words froze in her mouth, and her usually calm professional expression shattered. Turning agape, she stared speechlessly at the oozing streams of water droplets all over his body. There was no helping it.

Max silently watched the young lady’s agape expression, finding it to be amusing for a moment but instantly threw away the thoughts out of caution.

Who knew if she was only playing him and would claim that he had forced himself on her if he made his move.

Assessing her slender curvaceous figure for a moment. He calmly stretched his hands and took the set of designer clothes from her hands.

And just then, she awoke from her daze and quickly handed him the packages. Her cheeks flushed in embarrassment.

"Thanks." Max muttered, appearing to not have noticed her previous expression to save her from the embarrassment.

"Hmmm" the lady apologetically bent her head, only raising it after the door closed.

"Damn it, Sandra." She quickly slapped her cheeks, speaking in quite a vulgar and unladylike way. But then quickly walked away in shape.

Meanwhile, on the other side of the door, Max shook his head and held up the packages which each held a set of designer clothes.

’This should do.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109: -"Me"-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’This should do.’

Flexing his wrist to adjust his watch, Max silently tucked the corners of the heavy black jean jacket he was wearing. Sharpening his outfit even more, he fashioned the lace of his white sneakers.

’A blend of casual and wealth.’ Max termed his dressing while admiringly his reflection.

Zzz! Zzz!

Just then his phone vibrated, slipping it out, he swiped up the screen to see it wasn’t a private message but a notification.

(You’ve been added to the Riders Group...) As the words trailed off, causing his thoughts to settle in confusion.

Zzz! Zzz! His phone vibrated again. A text message.

Staring at it for a slight moment, he tapped it.

Instantly the screen changed to a bright blue inbox with red theme:

...(Sorry, I won’t be able to make it.)

Just as he was about tapping on the group’s info, his eyes quickly caught the latest message.

Evelyn,the name had the same alignment he saved her contact with so there was no doubting it.

(You’re going to miss all the fun Evelyn.) Livia. with a pouty emoji.

(I know, but I am feeling a bit unwell.) Evelyn.

With a speechless look at his screen, Max realized he had been added to their chat group and his sister wasn’t keen on going. Feeling he knew why, another text appeared.

(Are you all ready? We should meet at the park in six minutes.) Ivy.

’Ivy?’ Seeing the name, Max couldn’t help but sum up all he knew about her.

Being the eldest among them, the exceptional beauty who sat opposite Evelyn in the dining room, with long hair and a mature glow to her face, seemed to be the one in charge.

’So she’s the boss.’

Concluding his thoughts, add a gentle touch of cologne. Inhaling it before picking up his car key.

’This would definitely be a long night.’

At the thought of attending his second party, Max felt it wasn’t enough and picked up the black face cap before closing the door.

...

About 3 minutes later, after making a few mistaken turns. Max got out of the big Rider mansion, arriving at the open garage with few but each stunning, luxury car.

Among them, the most eye-catching was a sleek brand new Lamborghini S Aventador Roadster, black in color. Followed by a blue Ferrari 296 GTS. The most eye-catching of the line up.

He wasn’t the first to get to the park, there was already about five figures there already.

While there was already a girl sitting in the front seat of the blue Ferrari, the rest were gathered around the Lamborghini.

...

"Shit, which one of you bought this baby?" At this moment, following his guy instinct, Blake fawned over the vehicle. Appreciate its sleek, captivating appearance. Even more, it looked brand new, meaning it was a recent purchase. And whoever bought it probably wanted to oppress the rest of them.

"Come, Olivia, did you buy this in secret? It hasn’t even been a day yet and you’ve spent half of it. Tsk, girls are something else. Quickly hand over the key." Throwing his sister a skeptical look, then observing each of the girls with scrutiny. They all appeared confused.

"Or Daniel, you’ve been acting cheeky recently. Did you buy this?" Wrapping his arm around the boy named Daniel, Blake quickly swept his hands towards his pocket.

"As if I would fucking hand over the keys to you." Quickly holding off Blake, Daniel moved back, his black boots creating a distinct thud.

"Nice shoes." Annabelle, who had been peeking at Olivia’s phone, raised her hands in thumbs up.

"Maybe we should wait and ask Ivy when she comes. Handling a company on her own, she’s the one likely capable of doing this." Noah, who had been sitting on the bonnet of his car, the blue Ferrari added, joining the conversation as he was also curious about who owned the brand-new Lambo.

"No, that’s hers." Daniel pointing at the third expensive car, a silver Bentley, clarified his sister’s ownership.

" Perhaps, Evelyn?"

At this moment, their eyes darted between the cars. Making a count, the only new addition was the blue and black Lambo. Although the former was only a hundred and fifty grand lower than the latter, it wasn’t brand new.

"So that should be Max’s, and this Evelyn." Ava voiced her own conclusion while the rest nodded in agreement with a complicated expression. Other than Noah, none of them could possibly raise their head to one of the prodigal siblings that had been away for years. But then again, at the thought that she was a rapidly advancing SS Elite with hope of Triple, they were somehow comforted.

Watching the whole scenario, Max shook his head with a wry smile before walk-in towards them. Attracting their attention to him.

"Hey Max." Olivia called out with a cheering smile.

"Isn’t your name Maximus, while are you calling him Max."

Countering his sister’s words, Blake sneered at Max’s approaching figure.

"Says the one who ran off after failing to give pointers."

Hearing his sister’s berating words, Blake’s facade broke, his expression quickly turning to an embarrassed one.

"Hey Max." Following the same motion Olivia used, Ava waved her fingers at him.

"Hi Ava." Max responded, causing the girl to unknowingly blush.

’huh?’

However, quickly saving them from the awkwardness. Ivy made her appearance.

A short mini dress like the rest of the girls, short heels and a designer fashion bag.

Compared to her former lukewarm vibe. Her current temperament was like an engine rearing to rock and roll.

However, the others seemed to have expected this side of her.

"Looking hot sis." Daniel walks forward and exchanges a quick peck, complimenting her appearance. One that particularly highlighted her semi thick thighs and long legs.

"Thanks bro." She responded actively, her eyes quickly scanning them, lingering on Max for a moment.

Seeing that no one had failed her expectations, she nodded in satisfaction.

"You all know the drill, we are taking the three most expensive cars-"

"Who owns that?" As her eyes scanned the rows of vehicles, she pointed at the sleek black Lambo.

"Me."

Silence...

QN: Apologies, Edited

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110: - Arriving at the party -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Me."

Everyone instantly turned to Max, a stunned expression on their faces, and even more so for Blake who gawked with an incredulous expression.

"You say?" Ivy asked in surprise, wanting to confirm his words.

"It’s mine." Max reaffirmed his ownership with a calm tone, meeting their calm gazes.

Seeing they were yet to believe him, he brought out the keys and the rear lights of the Lamborghini flashed brightly, its doors opening automatically.

At this moment, Blake’s eyes were clouded with unveiled jealousy, whilst the rest of them thought it was embarrassing, because despite their close relationship, there was a silent competition going on among them.

With Max buying a brand-new vehicle, the rest would definitely acquire one no less cheap and more valuable than his. But for now, their eyes were filled with complication.

"Ok then, I’ll be going with Max. The rest of you should use the other three."

Pointing at the Ferrari, Bentley, and a sleek green Mercedes of about 300k, Ivy assigned them and straightforwardly entered the Lamborghini with sassy grace.

"Oh, Max, you’ll follow up since you don’t know the way," she added after a short, realizing pause.

Giving her a silent nod, he also got into the driver’s seat.

Click! Click! Click ! Distinct slosh clicks, and a white flash greeted him upon entering.

Ivy, not a moment after entering, slipped out her phone from her bag, taking quick shots of her face.

With a stunned pause, Max silently pushed the ignition button, causing the engine to roar to life with a thrilled Vroom !

"Don’t be surprised, I’m always like this when it’s time for a party. I use it to show the company’s name." Surprisingly, she initiated a conversation, raising her hand to the side and taking a picture of them.

However, despite being clueless about the company she was referring to, Max nodded with a reply, his eyes focusing on the accelerating vehicles before him.

"Oh right, I am assisting my mom in managing the cosmetics side of the family’s business."

"Here, you can give this to your girlfriend, she’ll definitely like it."

Making him glance sideways at her, he saw her bring out a new lipstick and place it on the dashboard.

’ Fairy ?’ Slightly squinting his eyes, Max inwardly read the name of the brand.

’So this also belongs to the family. Wiki isn’t so detailed after all.’ Realizing that the biography of the Riders mentioned no such things, Max focused on driving. Currently, they had just driven out of the estate and were just about hitting the night road.

Sitting next to him in silence while actively sweeping back drifting strands of her hair, Ivy’s fingers were so quick and her expression so focused as she typed on her phone.

Very soon, ten minutes passed riding in silence. As soon as they hit the highway, Max quickly realized they were heading towards the outer edge of the city. Probably a deserted park or garage as seen in movies.

"Hmm, do you know why Evelyn refused to go out with us?" Taking a break from the screen, Ivy turned to him with a probing look on her face.

Taking one glance at her face before silently accessing the road before him, he stayed silent for a moment before she saw his lips part open.

"Something happened at the last party she attended." Max, after a quick evaluation of his response, answered.

"Oh..." She showed a reflecting expression and chose not to press forward. At least it wasn’t what she thought.

Just as she nested back into the seat, the rear light of the silver Bentley in front of him shone, signaling they had arrived at their destination.

A dark tunnel.

Going deeper into the tunnel, which was a four-way free road, the darkness was slowly being cast away by several rays of colorful disco lights from afar. Accompanied by the sound of blaring music, figures started appearing in sight—girls and boys each lurking at a dim corner between the parked exquisite, stunning cars. Shallow white bulbs lit the path with a dim glow.

Having slowed to a smooth crawl, Max didn’t shy away from revving up the engine like many others.

Seeing his brand-new Lambo, although the windows were pulled up, technically nerfing the sound from outside, their stunned expressions said it all. Who was this?

Ivy, by his side, had resumed taking pictures through the window.

Surprisingly, they kept on going deeper into the tunnel, toward the center, which was even more bustling and lively than the outer reach—but also made things like quickies impossible due to the countless eyes.

The silver Bentley before him shone with a brighter rear light and a directional signal, hinting it was about to make a turn.

"Parking there would be much better."

Arching her body upward a little, Ivy pointed at an empty space.

Nodding, he stepped on the accelerator and swerved in with a screech while coming to an abrupt halt.

Though they both jolted from their seats, they were held firm by the seat belts. Ivy raised her hand, giving him a thumbs-up.

The surrounding heads were all turned in their direction out of curiosity.

As the doors slowly slid up, unraveling the two second-generation wealthy youths within, similar doors opened, presenting the rest of them.

The black Lambo, blue Ferrari, green Mercedes, and silver Bentley became the source of attention as they all stepped out in sync.

"Look, it’s the Riders siblings."

After a moment of silence at the breathtaking sight, someone within the crowd whispered.

Being from one of the top 5 families in all of Europe, many competitive eyes quickly sneaked peeks, checking them out.

"Look who we have here."

Suddenly, a girl with mini bob bangs, dyed white and black, wearing a tight leather gown that revealed her shape in a daunting manner, holding onto two plastic cups in her hand, hurried towards Ivy, enclosing her in a side hug and pecks.

"You sure haven’t lost your touch. I heard managing the company is such a—"

Quickly picking up a gist upon her arrival, the girl paused the instant her eyes settled on Max.

"Hello, handsome."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111: -The Party -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hello, handsome."

The chatty girl in a daunting dress, who had her arms locking Ivy, about to pull her somewhere, paused — her eyes quickly going over Max, who silently met her gaze.

"Don’t you dare." Pushing the girl’s face away, Ivy quickly drew her off and they mingled into the crowd.

A few vehicles away, Blake’s expression turned ugly.

Olivia wanted to walk toward Max but was held back by Annabelle and Ava, who, for some unknown reason, didn’t want to let her out of their sight.

"Come, let’s go."

Before the tight grip on her smaller arms, Olivia resigned to her fate.

Daniel had a funny look upon glancing at Noah and the quiet, extremely introverted Daisy, whose presence, despite her chubby figure, was often ignored. Shaking his head with a wry smile, his eyes and Max’s caught for a moment before they exchanged a silent, understanding nod.

Noah and Daisy’s incestuous relationship was something they had all begun to notice.

"Hey, you good, Dan?"

Unlike Max, who barely knew anyone, a figure approached Daniel, calling out his name as they shook hands in a rugged manner, quickly handing him a drink.

Seeing the rest of his siblings dissipate within the lively gathering, Max stood in silence for a moment before choosing to explore — walking aimlessly while taking mental notes.

The atmosphere was a bit smoky, filled with the smell of burning rubber from the drifting tires in the center part of the tunnel.

Bass beats thudded against the concrete walls, mixing with the raw snarl of engines revving at random.

Neon lights flickered overhead, throwing messy colors over endless rows of exotic cars — Lambos, Skylines, old-school muscle cars, and souped-up imports, each customized and loud enough to shout for attention.

Groups clustered around trunks, liquor flowing freely — vodka, beer, anything you could pour fast into a cup.

A few girls danced on car roofs, laughing wild and untamed, causing the eyes of most of the guys to light up with desire.

Among these girls, Olivia, Ava, and Annabelle could be spotted, entertaining themselves with the dreamy, wanting stares they drew.

Currently, a drifting competition was going on, drawing Max’s curiosity toward the center.

"Here, have this."

Just as he curiously made his way forward, a short youth — dark-skinned, temple fade afro cut, his neck decorated with lavish diamond chains — handed him a red plastic cup, half filled with beer and vodka, as Max could tell from the smell.

"You new around here, man?"

He nudged Max’s hand, seeing him stare into the cup.

"Mmm."

Max nodded, realizing his mistake, and calmly took a mouthful of the mix.

Seeing Max’s composed expression, unfazed after drinking, the youth nodded commendably.

"That was slick, man. My bad."

Exchanging another handshake, the guy walked away without another word.

’Being noticed as a novice never feels nice.’

Raising the plastic cup, Max noted the common behaviors around him and quickly found himself at the center, where the roar and cheers of the crowd gathered around the unfolding scene.

A Porsche 911 GT3 RS and a Ford Mustang GT were drifting close to each other in a tight circular orbit, creating a sense of synergy between them.

Despite the price difference between both luxury vehicles, the majority seemed to cheer and bet on the Ford due to the guy driving it; others argued the more expensive Porsche was better.

"That’s Caster. He’s a popular guy from Kingdom Heritage High. I heard he’s advanced to become a Duke."

’Makes sense — every school has its own grading system...’

’Ugh?’

With a sudden hit of realization, Max tilted his head to the side.

Blonde hair tied in a ponytail, thick eyebrows, cool beige skin alighted with light makeup.

She was wearing a cool racing jacket and a lace longline bralette underneath, flexing her toned abdomen with a piercing on her navel, a mini jean skirt, and black heavy boots that added a few inches to her height.

"Are you done?"

He heard her exasperated voice and lifted his gaze to meet her eyes, staring into them before nodding.

Seeing Max’s unbothered gaze after having scrutinized her — even nodding that he was done before calmly sipping from his cup — she gave a killing side-eye and walked away, dashing any hope of having a sensible conversation.

Revealing a stunned look at her departing figure through the crowd, Max silently shook his head and resumed watching the drift competition.

’What was that about?’ he thought.

...

In another part of the lively tunnel, consumed with blasting music and roaring engines,

at the center of a circular arrangement of vehicles — less chaotic and filled with silent order —

some guys were refilling their cups and others sat either in or on the bonnets, busying themselves with chit-chat, mostly about girls or purchases.

"Hey, Andrew."

Swaggering into the area with a cup in hand, his face a bit flushed, Blake called out to the calm, reserved youth sitting on one of the bonnets while holding onto an eye-catching beauty.

Even Blake had to stop for a moment after noticing her but quickly chose to maintain his steeze.

Andrew, upon sighting Blake, naturally got down from the bonnet and shook hands with him.

Though social standing wasn’t actually important in gatherings like this, when it came to academics, Blake was close to becoming a middle Paragon, equaling an SS Elite.

With all this, Andrew calmly let go of Cynthia’s waist and shook Blake’s hand, despite noticing the desire in others toward his lover.

"Please come. One of my cousins, who is particularly haughty, is doubting my influence.

He’s barely doing well as a C-Rank Student at Elite Metropolitan, so I want you to help me look after him and hopefully shut his goddamn mouth."

"I’ll owe you a favor."

Seeing Blake’s persistence, backed by a background five times more powerful, Andrew couldn’t refuse and glanced at Cynthia.

"I’ll be back."

With that, Andrew followed behind while Cinthya silently took out her phone.

"Its him?" She muttered upon seeing the latest trend.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112: - Amber -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Vroom!

Revving the engine one more time, Caster — as he was being hailed — got out of the car in a victorious manner.

Meanwhile, the other youth driving the Porsche could only grit his teeth and hit the bonnet of his car.

"I told you, man."

"Shut up!"

The heated argument finally had a conclusion.

After the duel, other cars were driven to the center.

A Ferrari and a Lamborghini — Max had no clue of the specific models. Shaking his head out of bored interest, he noted there were several activities he was yet to witness, so he continued exploring.

Soon after, he found an ongoing burnout contest, two cars screeching their tires on one spot to see who burns out first.

Walking away due to the smell of burning rubber, Max spotted a dance floor. A big clearing, with disco.

The blasting music now changed to a seductive, slow-paced hit song.

Girls could be spotted twerking their asses towards the guys’ groins. Some guys pulled them so close, grabbing a mold of their ass or waist, while dancing to the slow music.

Couples or not, some already began exchanging heated kisses and smooching. There were scenes of both genders leaving the dancefloor together.

Bringing the cup to his lips, Max took a sip, sweeping the various hidden activities with his gaze.

And when he was about to withdraw, his eyes settled on a particular figure looking to be in distress.

Furrowing his brows, he found her outfit to be strangely familiar.

With no concern, he lowered his cup and prepared to walk to his next destination when their eyes met.

The girl in distress, turning around like she was searching for a particular someone, beamed with relief as their eyes met.

Beaming with relief, she rushed towards him and wrapped him in a tight hug.

’ugh?’ caught by surprise, Max felt a hostile gaze before he could react.

A guy in a black button-up shirt, gold pieces decorating his neck, was looking at him. Removing his cuffs, the guy pushed up his sleeves to reveal his striking star tattoos, the rough ink crisscrossing his forearms like scars from another life, before walking forward.

"Please help me, I told him you’re my boyfriend," ushering in a pleading whisper, she clung onto him tighter.

Glancing down at her body over him, he raised his head to see the approaching guy.

’ Didn’t you call me a jerk?’

Untightening her arms clasped around him, he separated and took a step backward, catching a look of her flushed cheeks in embarrassment.

*Next time, be good cultured and control your mouth.* Remembering that she had been the one to start up a conversation and cursed for taking a look at her appearance, he didn’t like the thought of being used for free.

"Please..." more like a whimper, he heard her voice. Making him look at the approaching figure, he stepped forward.

As much as he didn’t want trouble or standing up for an unknown girl, the humanity within took charge.

Seeing him stretch out his guard behind her back, the approaching guy kept on walking forward and was finally before him. Coming to a halt, he was half a head shorter than Max, so the threatening aura seemed much like a façade instead.

"Are you her boyfriend?" the guy said with a rugged tone, as if taunting him.

"What do you want?"

From the voice, Max could tell that the guy was well older than him, maybe 20. Deciding not to show any nerdy or green-haired trait, he didn’t reply politely, showing a cold face.

"Ok."

Unexpectedly, the guy’s hostile look disappeared and he walked away. Causing Max to scrunch his brows in surprise.

"Thank goodness." Behind him, the girl let out a relieved breath and her tensed shoulders fell.

"Are you good?" With a bewildered expression, Max nudged her shoulders.

"Thanks." Turning, she revealed a happy smile.

"Oh Cousin! Here you are. I have been searching for you."

At the call of the voice, Max turned and spotted Blake walking towards him with a smug expression, like he was about to do him a favor.

Behind him, he also noticed a familiar figure composedly tagging along.

"Look, I brought you an acquaintance from..." Suddenly, Blake seemed to choke on his drink, and gawked at the stunning figure beside Max in surprise.

"Amber?"

---

Meanwhile, not far from the scene, Blake scanned the crowd, scowling.

’Where the hell is that fucker?’ Imagining Max’s cool, silent look, Blake huffed slightly and was about to turn and tell Andrew that it was fortunate that his cousin had left when he spotted Max standing up for a girl against a guy with tattoos.

’Quite the evil look,’ he thought, wishing they would exchange blows. However, the latter seemed to compromise and walked away.

’What a weak bastard.’ Blake thought before walking towards the scene. Seeing the dovey scene Max nudge the girl, he was further thrilled by the thought of leaving him in embarrassment and ruining his cool look.

However, as he called out to him with the facade of linking him up, his words were instantly caught in his throat as the girl behind Max turned. Their eyes met and he couldn’t help but call out her name—

"Amber?" A popular girl in his school who he’d long admired, hoping one day they would get in touch and then try to court her.

However...

"Who are you?"

At her question, Blake’s face visibly paled to a dark shade of deep embarrassment. She didn’t even know him.

And her expression... it was as if she was on guard against him as being a stalker.

Seeing Blake’s lost look, Max glanced at both of them before speaking up for him.

"He’s my cousin," Max revealed to the guarded girl, since Blake seemed too embarrassed to explain himself.

"Oh— I’m sorry." Revealing an apologetic expression, she pouted.

"It’s okay." Blake quickly picked what was left of his steeze and wore it on by maintaining a formal approach.

"Nice to meet you." As if that wasn’t all, after a quick glance at his phone, Andrew took the initiative to propose a handshake.

’What is going on?’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113: -Heated Moment -*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

To Blake’s shock, Andrew stepped forward and proposed a handshake. Even Max was a little surprised because despite Andrew’s recent rise to fame, he had barely crossed paths with him before.

Out of politeness, he nodded his head in acknowledgement, leaving Blake in confusion.

"You know each other?" Blake asked with a blank look, swapping glances between them.

"Yes."

Andrew responded, causing Max to deliberately stare at him.

Meanwhile, Blake tried to keep his face from turning grim.

"Oh, why didn’t you tell me instead of dragging me all the way here?"

"I thought my cousin had a minuscule scale of influence being a C-Rank student. I didn’t know his acquaintance-making skills were top notch. I shall take my leave then."

Despite his plight, Blake thickened his skin and made one last dish remark to downplay Max before Amber, who was curiously listening.

’What is with him?’

Furrowing his brows at Blake’s quickly disappearing figure in the midst of the dancing crowd, he turned to Andrew, who stood composed despite the awkwardness.

"See you later."

Nodding towards Max, he turned and also left.

At the thought of all that happened now, Max shook his head and raised the almost empty cup. About to search for another activity to spectate—

"Hey. Let me hang with you."

She tapped on his shoulder and shifted close to his side.

A bit stunned by her move, Max tilted his head sideways, a slight frown on his face.

"And why should I?" he asked after a short pause.

"Because I feel safer with you. And there’s also that stalker from before. He must probably be waiting for you to leave before approaching me again."

Following the direction of her eyes, he spotted the same tattooed guy from earlier, appearing to focus on a group of girls dancing.

"Are you comfortable being so close to a jerk? Call your brothers or cousin instead."

Shaking his head disapprovingly, Max taunted her.

"I’ve tried. I can’t reach them. I came here because I was invited," she said with an eager and pleading expression.

Just then, a guy approached them with two cups, his hands stretched out while moving to the tune of the music.

"Here."

He said, hinting for Max to take the cups.

Dropping the empty cup he was holding, Max collected both with an appreciating nod.

Meanwhile, the guy gave a thumbs-up and left.

"Not being cautious? You should at least dig yourself an early grave first."

Seeing him accept the two cups, she spoke with an averse tone.

Upon hearing her words, Max stopped the motion of passing her one of the cups and was about to fill the other with it when she stopped his hands.

’What could possibly go wrong?’ she said, quickly bringing the cup to her lips.

Although the flush couldn’t be seen, her eyes squinted.

Nodding, Max took a light sip and turned, walking with Amber by his side.

For the next thirty minutes, she kept following him.

From watching a dance-off to drinking games, her insightful comments while trying to pick a conversation with him were rejected.

He responded a few times but mostly kept his mouth shut, causing her to pout.

Being honestly treated like she wasn’t worth drooling over, Amber had gone from calling him a jerk to pressing her arm with her boobs against him a few times. Though her jacket nerfed his ability to gauge their softness, he could tell she was very firm.

Perhaps due to the effect of the drink, she was becoming more carefree with the way she talked to him.

"Come on, you have a top beauty so close to you, yet you are all cold."

This time, letting the feel of her boobs linger on his arm a bit, she separated and drew his arm.

"Come, let’s go dance. We’ve had more than enough sightseeing already. Dancing is supposed to be the most fun part of every party."

They were already so close to the large clearing, the lively center that was the dancefloor, so he let her lead him along.

Unlike the previous time they were here though, there was a visible drop in the number of dancing participants.

"Come."

As they got to the dancefloor, the booming music was suddenly changed to a light, slow-paced song. Causing desires to be ignited.

Max faced his inability to dance by taking a look at how the others did it.

Lightly holding her waist, she placed her palms on his shoulders.

Though he was a bit stiff at the beginning, he tuned his movement to match the twist of her waist, coiling subtly then twisting seductively.

She was a bit shy at first but then grew bold and met his gaze, leaning closer towards him like a melting candle. Her chest soon pressed against him, and his hand was halfway roaming her ass.

Inside his pants, his semi-warrior was slowly awakening, preparing to launch destruction.

Due to his lust, his +2 sexual charm had started to take its effect.

Going on her toes, her hands on his shoulders and his on her waist, almost covering her ass, she pressed her lips against his.

Like an awaiting predator, he captured her lips.

Slowly extending his hand downward to capture her ass in an erotic manner, he parted the soft feeling of her lips and inserted his tongue inside her.

"Hmmm."

She released a short breath from his sharp grope lifting her ass.

Melting under his touch, she pressed her lips further against his, wanting him to softly bite her tongue. Which he did, and she moaned inside his mouth.

"Hmmm."

She let out another breath as his hand circularly roamed her ass and tightly groped, massaging it with force.

A minute into their heated moments, when he could sense her lust rapidly growing, her breathing turning erratic, scooping more of her ass into his palm through her jean mini-skirt—

They were both interrupted by a sudden commotion near them.

"Get the fuck off me."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114: -Ivy-**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Just as the crowd distanced themselves to reveal the source of the loud curse just now. His eyes settled on two distinct figures, causing Max to raise his brows.

One was a particularly short boy of around 17, from the look of it he had been trying to grab the taller breathtaking girl’s ass but got rebuked.

With a scrutinizing look at the taller girl who looked like she could barely catch her breath or properly stand on her feet due to being drunk, he realized she was his cousin, Ivy.

The eldest among who had been all active earlier was surprisingly alone, dancing by herself before swatting off the short boy’s hand away from her rear.

The short boy’s face turned to a shade of green under the disco lights. Burning with embarrassed regret for trying to chew more than he could, he squeezed his hand and quickly ran off.

Suddenly realizing not everyone was as good as Blake in maintaining composure in embarrassing situations, his eyes turned to Ivy.

Her all chippy friend in a tempting dress from before was nowhere to be seen, though he could guess, he saw Ivy stagger a bit.

Max glanced at Amber in his arms, meeting her eyes.

"She’s my cousin, I have to help." He said, letting go of her ass before she could nod with a surprising shy tint on her cheeks.

"Okay, I’ll wait." Watching him step forward, she folded her arms.

"Oops." Ivy missed a step and almost staggered backward while dancing. Sensing Max’s firm grip on her hand, she alerted, raised up her head despite being in a drunken stupor.

"... Max?" She queried after a brief pause, squinting her eyes upon recognizing his face.

Holding her arms to steady her feets, Max nodded.

"Yes, it’s me." Calmly gazing at her completely flushed cheeks, Max’s voice rose again.

"Let me take you home." He could sense that something was wrong and didn’t ask anything, instead offering to take her out of this place.

"What a goody Cousin, you sure are nice." Smiling, she raised her finger and poked his nose, lightly pressing her chest against him like she wanted to fall before regaining her footing.

With a look into his calm eyes, she saw he had no intent of answering her drunken thoughts.

"Ok then, let’s go." Revealing an inebriated smile used to mask her other emotions.

Max silently guided away from the dance towards the awaiting Amber.

"I’m sorry, I have to take her home." stopping before Amber, he forced out a smile and she responded with a nod.

"It’s okay."

"Ugh— who is she?" pointing at Amber, Ivy tried to grin but almost stumbled. Tightly gripping his arm, she pressed her breasts against, causing Amber to awkwardly turn away.

"Is this how you help a drunken girl?" Hitting him with a flushed face, she moved his arm to her waist and rested her weight on him.

Max with a composed expression held her curved slightly mature waist and kept walking forward. Pausing after every three steps for her to steady her feet and withstanding several stares, they finally got to his Lambo.

Needing just a button to open both doors, he was about to slip her into the seat when he heard her slurred speech.

"Thank you Daddy." perking his cheeks, she reluctantly sat on the seat.

However— as he was about to withdraw his hand from her waist, her other hand flashed, grabbing hold of his collar and inner shirt before he could react. His head lowered and his body half bent, she only needed to tug sharply and leave the rest to gravity.

Actively catching his lips, she roughly tugged him closer. Her hot breath hovering all over his face with a warm sensation.

Smooch!

She tightly gripped the collar of his jacket, giving Max no chance to withdraw- or rather set himself in a better position.

Although he was lost for a moment in her sudden explosive kiss. The moment his other hand steadied his balance. He tightened his arm around her waist, forcing to press closer.

While she held his collar, her other hand scurried his face and hair as if amazed by his jawline.

"Hmmm." "Hmmmm." Smooch!

They both let out short breaths, engulfing their tongues in a bated exchange.

Soon her hand reached for his back. Digging her fingers and grabbing his jacket repeatedly.

"Hmmm-" Smooch!

As they each sucked each other’s tongue and lips. Max’s eyes were open, observing her expression to see if he should make his advances.

"Hmmmm-" she breathed another hot tipsy air into his mouth. Her eyes were tightly shut, quivering slightly from time to time.

Smooch!

No longer hesitating, Max pulled one leg inside the car, steadying his foothold. Then his hand searched, pressing a button that made the seat fold. He held her waist and laid her on the seat.

Still locked in a fervent kiss, due to the limited height offered by Lamborghinis, he was closely above her, and her body beneath him.

Having fully entered the car, he searched and picked the key with one hand. Pressing both doors to close, the music and shouts outside was instantly nerfed. Also leaving the Lamborghini interior dim.

"Hmmmm!" Ivy moaned as she felt his hand brush her thighs and started slipping up beneath her dress.

Jerking slightly in an erotic manner—

"Ahhh." She let out a whimpering moan and jerked up a bit.

Already feeling the seating heat coming from the center area, he was about to brush his finger there.

"Argh." Groaning deeply, Ivy’s hand went between them and grabbed hold of his thick and awakened rigid member.

Grabbing it tighter in inebriation,

"Hmmmm." She moaned into his mouth as they continued kissing.

"Ahhhh!" After somehow getting used to the feel of Ivy’s soft palm grabbing hold of his cock. Max felt the obstruction of her panty and gently rubbed the wet fabric.

H h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115: - The Dream*-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ahhhh"

Under his touch, Ivy’s mouth parted open, jerking then squirming the moment she felt his finger slide in. Wringing past the wet petals and diving into the flower bud.

Breaking free from their kiss, Max had slowly shifted up her tight dress. Exposing her sexy thighs, he rubbed them a bit before dipping his finger inside.

"Hmmmm-" squirming, she breathed in bliss.

Max felt the tightness clamp tight on his finger but preserved and kept

exploring her depth.

"Hmmm- Yess daddy." Reaching the limit his middle finger could, she changed the tempo of her moans, squirming and breathing faster. While calling him Daddy.

"Yess daddy - hmmmm- yesss- deeper.’ Digging her fingers into his back, her legs parted more upon sensing that he wanted to insert another finger.

"Hmmmmmmmmmmm!" As his second finger adjusted the size of her entrance, engulfed in the sticky wet sensation. Ivy’s moan extended and then she started shaking- like she was having a seizure. Her legs clamped tight around his hand, locking his fingers in her vagina as it was engulfed in her orgasm.

Following the tight clamp, her vibrating thighs receded and his palm was all soaked in her nectar.

Surprised by the sudden silence that filled the interior of his car, Max raised his head with little difficulty to see Ivy sleeping soundly. Her breath paced with the rhythm of her raising chest.

It took him a few seconds to realize what had happened before reality dawned on him. The previous Ivy must have been operating on steroids of emotions, and when she let them out, her consciousness blanked and fell asleep.

’What the hell am I supposed to do now?’ Glancing at his soaked palm, he could feel his erect dick resting on her thighs with seating passion through his pants.

Max’s expression instantly turned grave with solemnity at the thought of what he did with Talia and how he paid the price.

"Fuck." Cursing, he slipped several tissue papers from the box and slipped into the driver’s seat. Using several of them to wipe the sticky nectar on his palm, he stared silently at the used pieces and thought of where to put them.

Throwing them outside could probably lead to serious consequences in the future, so he glanced at her bag and inserted them inside instead without a second thought.

Currently her dress was raised, exposing her thighs and the thong she wore. Tempted by this sight, he strongly restrained the lust within him and took off his jacket, covering her, and then glanced at the bulging tent that had begun to cause strenuous pain. He pressed the ignition button, imbuing life into the dormant beast and slowly hitting the acceleration.

Heads turned and eyes gleamed with possession to purchase a brand new ride soon as they gazed at the departing Lambo.

...

Without possessing an eidetic memory, Max quickly realized how lost he was driving alone and turned on the map.

(Riders Estate.) He inputted the name, and a green angle mapped out a path for him on the map.

Exiting the tunnel, Max accelerated without stopping.

Vroom!

’1am.’

Back at the Mansion, Max stepped out of the vehicle. Adjusting his hand around Ivy’s waist, he lowered her dress and carried her in a princess style.

Upon entering the building, there were already nine ladies lined dutifully in a straight line. Professional maids, each assigned to a Rider scion. When they saw him come in, there was a subtle change in the air as their eyes settled on the figure in his arms.

"Miss Ivy." Suddenly a brown-skinned lady hurried towards them from the row, appearing impeccably worried and surprised as she assessed Ivy’s appearance.

"Please come, Mister Max, I’ll show you the way." She bowed politely and began leading him.

Ascending the foyer, the rest of the maids were amazed by how effortless his action looked while carrying Ivy. Among them, a slender lady could be seen leaving the row.

"Here." Pushing open the door, the lady quickly went to switch up the light, presenting a spacious room with everything all tidied up. A lavish mix of pink and blue matched everywhere.

To the side, there were clothing racks of male and female outfits occupying the rest of the space.

’So she’s been the one picking up my outfits? Or rather our outfits.’

Realizing this, his drifting eyes were quickly attracted by the dark-skinned lady motioning that the bed was set.

Nodding, Max walked forward and placed Ivy’s body on the bed.

"Thank you, Mister Max." Bowing appreciatively, she began tucking the duvet carefully around Ivy’s body.

Repeating the same nod motion, Max walked out of the room.

Perhaps due to his escapades with Olivia earlier in the day, his erection had managed to calm down. However, at the thought of it, it began to rise again.

"Oh great." Glancing down at the crotch with frustration in his eyes, Max sighed and headed to his room.

By the time he pushed open the door, the hardness had become daunting.

With a frustrated sigh at the dark room, he didn’t bother turning on the light but closed the door, making sure it was locked intact.

Before proceeding to take his clothes off.

A moment later, his jacket, pants and sneakers were all gone. Taking off his shirt, and leaving just his boxers, he humped on the bed, landing with his back. His expression was imperceptible in the darkness.

To ease the pain from his groin, he lowered the lid of his boxer and freed the aching erection.

Letting out a relieved breath, he focused his senses on the comfy feeling the duvet gave while staring at the darkness.

Slowly, the alcohol effect from the party started sipping into his head due to his mind slowly drifting into slumber.

Then he dreamed, in this dream he was lying all alone when two big squashy feelings pressed against him. Not only that, his whole body felt heavy like he was succumbed under pressure, pressed into the bed he was lying.

However, the feeling disappeared a few moments after that. Only to come again, but not with squishy pressure, but a warm slick one roaming him.

’Is this really a

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116: - In the darkness - **
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Is this really a dream.’ Max thought as his eyes shut open. Staring at the darkness with a blank mind. His grasp of reality tightened with each slithering blissful sensation he felt. Until finally, he was fully awake with a strong sense of his surroundings.

’I am in my room but what is this-’

"Argh." Interrupting his thoughts, Max felt a blissful suction around his dick.

Realizing there was a mouth bobbing up and down, and sucking his sock. He sucked in a deeply satisfied breath.

Clenching his fist, he kept lying still, enjoying the premium sensation.

The bed significantly shook from time to time, creating a sense that the other person was quite big and weighed more in a certain sense.

Slurp!

The person held the base of his cock, stroking it a few times then wanking it in the air with skilled maneuver as if fascinated and weighing it.

Without doubt the person had taken notice that he was awake after his short groan.

Seeing he had no other reaction and was tactfully playing dead in order to continue receiving the treatment. The person gulped his cock once more, her palm covered in sticky precum and saliva, she used it to coat his head. Stroking it, then licking it off.

"Argh." Letting out another ecstasied groan, Max felt the person’s lips clamp around his balls. Her tongue wringing around his sack like a snake before she popped the whole sack in her mouth with no suction.

Her soft palm already confirmed his guess of her gender but thrown into an euphoria of bliss by how succulently his balls were handled, the gender lead was concluded.

Due to her action, sucking his balls, her hair brushed and rested on his thighs.

While taking his ball sack for a spin, she continued stroking his shaft with her creative lubricant, but slowly as to highlight the sensation of her sucking his balls.

"Argh." Max groaned again as she freed his balls.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurpy!

She resumed slurping his cock to the edge of her throat with an awesome deepthroat. Taking him to new realms.

However, instead of cumming quickly from the thrilling novice sensation. Max cock elongated to a more worthy shape with snaking veins around it. But this was unseen.

The woman upon sensing this, appeared more fascinated by the movement of her palm. So she began a paper roll dick sucking. In the same motion one would roll weed, she puffed out sticky precum repeatedly.

Three minutes on the edge, Max couldn’t hold it any longer. Though she must have felt it by how his cock jerked at the last moment. He could tell that the hot sticky liquid landed on her face because she froze.

"Hmmmm-" he heard her breath, a satisfied one. Using the moment to catch her breath. She slowly stroked his dick for the reminder of his cum to shoot out, then trail down his half rigid shaft.

"Hmmm-" she let out another satisfied breath after squeezing his dick a few times. Probably surprised that he didn’t go all limp from coming.

Slowly recovering from the euphoria of bliss, Max’s lust reignited.

"Hmmmm- hmmmm."

"Huh?" There were two short moans signifying that the woman was probably fingering herself while stroking his half limp brother. However she let out a questioning ’hmm’ upon sensing the elongating monstrosity in her palm.

Max felt her stroke a few times, check-in out if he was truly rigid.

Slurp!

After a silent pause he felt his cock being welcomed into the slithering depth of her mouth. Deepthroating him in one go and creating a slurp sound.

Three long suctions suck and five extended licks. Then there was the sound of movement on the bed.

Shortly after, Max felt a finger on his abdomen. Because he was lying his abs weren’t pushing out in their glorified form, but still the woman seemed to appreciate its subtleness with her finger for a moment before tracing it along. Her other hand still softly holding his dick.

Confused, Max paid attention to movement of her fingers. And soon figured out what she meant.

’Hey?’

’J- e- r- k- y- o- u- r- t- h- i- n- -g- If you understand?’ Tracing the letters and forming them into words, he understood what she meant so he hardened his rear and made his cock jerk in her grip.

’good-’ Max formed the letters into words.

’ Let this be our little secret okay -?’ he formed her words again and also made his dick jerk in her hand hinting that he understood.

She let go of his cock, wiping off her palm somewhere. Max sensed her hands resting by his sides.

Pressed against the bed, he could tell she was slowly crawling up. Her weight several times his own, her presence in the darkness could be vividly traced.

And soon he felt her presence right above him, her two legs spread with him in between. As her thighs came in contact with him. He felt her cool delicate skin and a slight heaviness expressing that she was quite thick.

With this Max completely ruled out the possibility of it being Moogie. He didn’t believe in ghosts either so he could only doubt if he really closed the door later on. As for now, he could feel her fingers tracing his chest and forming letters, paying perfect attention to it, he quickly outlined the letters in his head.

’Touch me.’

In the quiet darkness of his room. After a silent pause, Max raised his hands and grabbed both thighs, already spread and occupying him between.

"Hmmmm-" she let out a subtle inhalation feeling his hands rub and traced it up.

Smack!

"Hmmmm."

Smacking her thighs and hearing a moan, Max extended the feel of his arm upward. Unable to contain a single thigh with two hands and could only rub and feel their thickness...

"Hmmmm-"

Grabbing her butt cheeks, he visibly trembled and moaned.

H h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117: - In the darkness -²***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Thick and fresh, her ass cheeks trembled under his handful groping.

"Hmm." Inhaling, she contended with his touch and began tracing her finger again.

’I- want -to -put -it inside.’ visualizing her words. She didn’t wait for his response but sat straight on her knees, making her thick big ass cheeks out of reach for his hands.

Feeling her hand wrap around the head of his shaft, Max quickly realized that she was setting the base and was about to land.

Stroking him, as he laid still, she directed his cock to the lips of her entrance.

"Hmmmm-"

"Argh." Her moan and his groan synced upon contact.

Slowly sitting on his all rigid cock, devouring the steamy hotness from it. Her inner walls parted to welcome his glorious member.

"Hmmmm—"

Upon taking in half of his inches, Max could hear the woman’s long inhalation as she tightened her grip around his dick.

"-Ahhhh!" She cried out in pleasure, with a different tempo after managing to take another inch.

Her movement had been fast at the beginning but stopped when it lowered and took half of his cock.

Her pussy wasn’t that tight like a virgin’s but she moved mildly as if afraid of his size entering deep down.

making no motion to thrust, but observing the darkness. Max enjoyed the blissful sensation of her tight wet walls clutching around him.

"Hmmmm!-" conquering the last inch, her breath became louder.

Currently her ass cheeks and thighs were resting on him, pressed against him in fact. Her pussy tightened and clutched him tight.

"Ahhh!"

If there was light, then he would see the woman’s mouth slightly agape and her expression that of pure bliss.

She made no movement of humping or rocking him yet, instead she clutched her walls tighter, savoring the size of his steamy meat inside her.

"-hmmmm."

After her inhalation, he felt her fingers traced his chest.

’You -are - very- very big.’

She complimented resting his hand on his chest to catch her breath.

’That’s new. Double very.’

"Hmmmm-" as he had these thoughts, she slowly raised her ass. Sensing the sheet beside his head being compressed, he figured she had bent.

There was also the obstructed air passage before his face, indicating that her big soft melons were so close to his face.

Not withholding his urge, under her previous touch me request. His hands weaved through the darkness and found two big caged tits.

"Hmmm."

’Big.’ Max muttered upon grabbing both tits through the big F size bra.

At the same time, she also began rocking him in slow motion.

"Ahhhh-" her mouth could be visualized gasping for air. Sensing his hand slip beneath her bra, and grab her big melon tits. Unable to contain them but pinching the nipples, and folding.

"Ahhhh!" An ecstasied moan escaped her lips.

Entrenching his cock deep inside her through raw physical contact. The woman felt she could as well draw how his cock was with all the detailed sensation her pussy was giving.

Bending more, the woman could tell the young teen underneath her seemed to like her boobs more and wanted to feed them to him.

"Ahhhhhhh!" Suddenly she gasped, her eyes widening in the darkness as her face flushed with euphoria.

Having felt her lower, her back, Max quickly freed the strap called bra and let her tits fall freely to his face. Cupping a handful of the left one, he quickly took the hardened tip in his mouth. Compared to the likes of all the ladies he hadn’t been with, she had the biggest nipples among them. Second was Mrs Dalia.

"Ahhhh-" after he latched on her tits and gave it a quick suck while rubbing the other between his fingers , he heard her gasp sharply. And the walls of her pussy clenching tighter and suctioning his cock.

"Hmmmmmmmmmmm!" "Ahhhhhhh."

Seeming intent of hiding her voice, the woman in the darkness maintained these two tempo.

Smooch! Smooch!

"Ahhhhhhh!"

It wasn’t the sound of kissing but his fervent sucking of her tits while extending his other hand to grab a handful of thick bouncing flesh.

Smack!

"Ahhhhhhh!"

Resounding through the darkness was his smack. The act of him slapping her ass cheeks,so far he’d landed five.

From being slow, to steady. The woman seemed to maintain this pace because she wanted him to be entrenched at each spot she rocked him and savor it.

She already came once so her inside was wet, slippery and warm. Sliding him out and taking him in, her intent on extending their intercourse was quite pure.

So far by sucking and experiencing- chewing her nipples softly and repeatedly trying to cup her big elastic molds both hovering above him, he could tell the woman had just taken her bath. Clearing up some things.

His guess was she must have been using the bathroom before his arrival. And what happened after was either influenced by the charm stat since he felt he hadn’t slept for long.

"Hmmm- Ahhhh - Hmmmmm!"

Moaning from the pleasure of his cock inside her, and his mouth switching between both of her tits. The walls of her pussy were beginning to clench, tightening around him. Max could also feel the rising sensation inside his balls.

"-Thrust." the voice was like a whimper, almost inaudible. However, Max heard it clearly and distinctly.

Her rocking pace had quickened, and she supported by holding in place her jiggling tits.

Wrapping his arm around her waist, Max after lying for such a long time and not moving his waist struck with impossible speed.

"Ahh! Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh..." her usually long extended breath and moans turned into sharp repeated gasps. Filled with elation and flurry of euphoria, both felt their climax approaching.

In the darkness, Max solidly struck from the bottom. While she, holding her tits to his mouth appeared frozen and could only convey her deep desires through the sharp gasps.

Reaching the peak of their climax, they were both ushered into the realm above cloud 99. In sync.

"Argh!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhh!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118: - Ivy ²-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Argh."

Max groaned, his head pounding as he squinted against the harsh sunlight streaming through the window. Gripping his hair tightly, he tried to steady himself against the wave of discomfort by sitting up on the bed.

Slowly, as he was gnawed by the disorientation, he started sensing the warm breeze brushing against his skin—all over his body, in fact.

"Argh." He groaned again, forcing his fuzzy eyes open to see his body stark naked. Without his boxer, his dick was half straightened, a bit limp with thickness but not rigid. Sticking out like an imbecile, due to morning glory.

Seeing this, not only was Max confused, but the pangs in his head accelerated several times, causing him to squint his eyes once more and groan.

Resting his head on the pillow, several memories from last night rushed in, taking away the cloudy feeling that hovered inside his head.

He was at the party kissing Amber when he sighted Ivy encountering some trouble with a short guy. Though she handled it on her own, she was drunken and badly inebriated like someone who had just experienced a heartbreak.

Moving her into his car, he fingered her and she came, falling asleep right after that. He could only curse his bitter predicament and brought her home. Taking her to her room, he walked out, entered his room. After making sure he locked the door, he took off his clothes and laid on the bed. Though he later took out his dick due to pain from its rigidity being suppressed, he never took off his boxer...

"Mmmm." Max took in a deep breath as a more darkened memory pieced together.

It seemed to have happened not long after he drifted into sleep due to what he drank at the party taking effect.

When he woke up, someone was sucking his dick in the darkness. And after that, she rode him in a cowgirl position while he did other things like sucking her tits and groping her ass.

As Max vividly recalled these late night memories, his blood flowed towards his groin. Enlarging and increasing the limp brother a bit, failing to fully reinvigorate it.

’Damn! Who is she?’

It had been all dark then so he couldn’t make out the woman’s face, however.

’However, I should still be able to tell her identity by her figure.’

Sprawling on the bed a bit to recover a bit of his energy-

Click!

’Fuck.’

Hijacking his body from its laid position, half sitting on the bed, the door was pushed wide open to reveal a girl in spaghetti straps, purple top and a little bit of crazy jean shorts. Holding up two cloth hangers, she appeared to have frozen time.

In a split second of assessment, his eyes finally focused on her face.

Looking all casual and homebody, he realized she was Ivy.

’Oh my.’

...

Meanwhile, minutes before Max awoke from his slumber. A young girl in her late teens, soon to clock twenty, dazedly clipped the straps of her bra while staring at the full body mirror.

While she would have admired her figure and weighed her breasts a few times every other day. Today hadn’t been the same or rather last night completely changed how today was going to be for her.

Since she woke up and recounted all that happened the previous night, she had been locked in the same embarrassing thought and imagination.

Her maid telling her she had been carried in by Max further left her embarrassed. But it wasn’t compared to seeing the used pieces of tissue papers in her bag when she brought out her phone.

Instantly her urge to surf the internet became disabled.

"What should I do... What should you do Ivy? You’ve messed up."

"How the hell am I supposed to face him now."

Staring dazedly at her shaven area of her reflection, she imagined his fingers being inserted and doing down there.

However, instead of showing timidness at this thought. She inserted her finger between it herself, feeling its wetness. She quickly removed her finger and picked a matching black lace panty to her bra.

Putting on a purple spaghetti top and Jean short, she hurriedly went to the clothes racks and picked 9 different attires.

Outside her door, there were already ten professional maids waiting outside for her.

Handing out each of the selected outfits to each of them to pass on, she held onto the last two hangers and signaled to the remaining maid, who was a slender lady, that she would do this herself.

But who would have expected that Max, who was sober and brought her home, did some extra late night duties and fell asleep in the comfort of a milf. Drowning into a wonderful sleep and had just woken up.

Starkly nude, a very thick half rigid cock wringing on its own.

Silence filled the room as they both stared at each other. One marveling at a big instrument and the other inwardly commenting on how naturally beautiful his cousin was.

Silence...

"Sorry..." making a quick turn, Ivy turned her back towards him.

’Maybe I have been thinking of this the wrong way all these while. I should leave my door open and let them marvel instead.

They would think about what they saw all day and if I eventually show any sign, it would be easy for them to give in.’

Staring at Ivy’s turned back, he pulled the sheet closer and covered his waist.

’Is she here to see me for what happened last night?’

Turning after a silent confirmation that he was now covered. He saw her stifled expression with lingering shock from what she had seen, masking it with a neutral tone.

"We’ll be on casual today, going to purchase new outfits later... Also breakfast should be in 23 minutes " glancing at her wrist watch, she then maintained contact with his eyes for a few moments.

"... I’ll see you later." She waved her long air and turned to leave.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119: - Breakfast -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Glancing at the set of clothes she dropped before leaving, Max stood up from the bed and walked towards the bathroom with his wanging dick.

Setting the bathtub to hot, after a minute of waiting, he soaked himself inside the steamy water and groaned.

’This feels good.’

...

Meanwhile, right just outside the door of Max’s room. Ivy rubbed her forehead frustratedly.

"How could you be so dumb?" She told herself.

"-What happened to apologizing?-" remembering the sight of what she saw, she glanced back at the door with imagination running through her head before walking away.

...

Inside his room, Max had just finished his bath and rubbed off the streaming droplets by picking a towel from the prepared set. However as he was about to throw it into the used basket, he discovered that there was already a used towel lying inside.

Revealing a thoughtful expression...

’I was right. She was already in the bedroom.’ Max spoke inwardly, confirming his guess of how the mystery woman from last night got in.

A black t-shirt, long sleeve button shirt, alongside a gray straight pant and a pair of sneakers.

Max silently put on his wristwatch and didn’t bother admiring his reflection.

Closing the door behind he headed straight to the dining room.

"No mom, it wasn’t what happened. Could you believe that she almost kicked my balls. I am your only son for fuck sake, stop supporting her."

Grudgingly staring at his sister, Olivia, Blake gritted his teeth.

"You lost my money in the bet, so guess what? You currently owe me fifty grand or do you want me to steal one of your stuff?" Cheekily staring at Blake, Olivia childishly hugged a busty woman with auburn hair that had been styled in a waterfall braid.

"Blake, do you have to gamble with your sister’s money all the time and not yours?" Reciprocating her daughter’s love, the woman berated her son and hung one arm around her daughter.

"Blake has grown into a handsome young man sister, enough to have quite the number of girls fawning over him so you should stop scolding him already. What will you do if Olivia plays him with this card of yours." Sitting on the third seat, a strikingly voluptuous woman with an athletic imposing build,and very charming beauty in her mid thirties winked at Olivia.

Though it seemed she was helping out Blake, everyone seated around the table could tell that she was hinting at Olivia to blackmail Blake with a video of him being berated. Such crafty game.

"Hehehe, thank you Auntie Raven. You’ve given me such a great idea." Laughing, Olivia turned to the extremely beautiful woman with a fierce and voluptuous build at the same time. Such a body was what she deeply desired the most. Though her mother was no less charming, she wasn’t intimidating.

’Perhaps...’ visualizing Max’s visage, the squealed.

"Olivia what’s wrong with you, blushing all of a sudden huh." From the opposite side of the long dining table filled with several delicacies yet to be touched. Ava and Annabelle who had been snuggling into the arms of a silent grotesque woman, clad in a sleeveless turtleneck that hugged her impressive burst and highlights are toned arms wrapped around both of them- chipped in.

"Shut the fuck up Anna." Seeing she had been caught, Olivia rebutted at the younger of both siblings with flushed cheeks.

"Language Olivia." Unexpectedly it was Ivy that butted before any of their mother’s could.

"Pfft." Seeing Ivy’s glare, Olivia puffed a little smile and quickly kept shut.

"Hehehe, Olivia had really fallen in love." Daniel added, dropping his phone to look at Olivia.

"Daisy, are you really getting along with your siblings?" The woman with the biggest build among who winked at Olivia earlier, revealed a skeptical look as she stared at her quiet chubby girl looking so focused on her phone like there was no other thing in existence than it.

At her words, Olivia and the rest quickly turned to look at the quiet reserved girl as if awaiting her response.

"I’m sorry mom." The girl Daisy spoke after a slight hesitation.

Sitting beside her, Noah secretly grabbed her palm and rubbed it gently in his, unseen by everyone gathered.

"It’s okay mom, you know how stung she is about getting into conversations. Noah spoke after a silent prelude, his voice calm and sweat, quickly pleasing the big woman.

"Noah you’re such a loving younger brother but you should let your sister speak up for herself most of the time." In a less berating tone, and softened expression, the woman told Noah who calmly shook his head in response.

"Sebastian, what about your son?"

Suddenly the woman sitting at the right hand of the main seat. The most attractive of them with flashy pink hair cascading over her shoulders, wearing a body fitting simple pink gown that outlined her big ample chest, raised her head to stare at the man opposite her who was casually gulping down a small cup as the rest of them conversed.

At the pink haired woman’s words, the rest of the women appeared piqued and tilted their heads at the man who froze under their gaze.

"What did you say?" Appearing stunned by being the sudden focus of their attention. The man with a broad appearance, met in their gaze in a quite discontented manner before quickly lowering his neck.

"Oh- you mean that boy?" As if just realizing who they were talking about, the man appeared lost for a moment before replying.

"Hehehe, I’ve got to say he’s given me his father quite the surprise. You should see his abs. So masculine and..."

Just as the women listened with captivated interest, the man came to a sudden halt amidst his speech, the look in his eyes looked like he was seeing something out of this world for the first time.

...

’Milfs...’

"My son!"

’What the fuck?’

QN: Sorry for the late update guys. Tight schedule

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120: - Aunts -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At the sight of the lively dining, filled affectionate display and parental love. Max caught sight of several breathtaking voluptuous figures, radiating infinite charm and contained prestige. Among them none was lacking in the shape of blessings on both sides.

’Milfs...’ he called in his mind, visualizing a great wonder-

"My son!"

’What the fuck?’

Interrupting his thoughts and drawing everyone’s attention to him. Max cursed inwardly upon seeing his father wave his hand.

Being the only grown man in this gathering, his father surprisingly had a liquor bottle in hands and was sitting directly next- to the main seat with two other empty seats beside him. Also taking note of his sister’s missing presence.

"My, my, my... Is that Beatrice’s fat son?" Unlike the rest of her sisters who were reserved and silently made their assessment, a voluptuous woman with a big build but delicate face, spoke out loud.

Shutting up the grown man, his father who was about to make another comment.

"Yes Aunt Raven, he’s Max." Unexpectedly, Ava quickly chipped while throwing Olivia a victorious smile.

Feeling their gaze roam him in and out, his eyes settled on a particular woman whose face subtly blushed, perfectly hidden in fact. His guess was only confirmed when she caught him looking at her.

’Did I...?’ letting the remaining thoughts drift in his subconsciousness. Max suddenly took a step forward, squaring his shoulders and putting his hands at ’attention’. His gaze silently drifted past each of the women’s faces.

Before their stunned eyes, he bowed, bending his back forward as the whole dining fell into a pin drop silent.

"Good morning Aunts." He said with a curt tone, letting the silence endure for the next few moments, before raising his head to reveal his calm neutral face.

Receiving such a polite respectful greeting from a boy they never cared about for years. Guilt flashed past their eyes.

"Oh Max, how have you been doing?"

Suddenly the woman with a big build and delicate face, shifted her seat backward and stood up.

Watching her walk towards him with wide arms, Max was about to respond when he felt her toned muscle arms lunge and pulled him in a tight embrace.

"Fine-"

"Come here_"

Before Max could respond, his words got stuck in his throat as he got suffocated between her soft embrace. Locking him a silent hug and her heavy tits innocently pressing against his face.

Her perfume entered his nostril.

"... I’m sorry." She didn’t elaborate on what she was referring to but the expression of the remaining women, visibly changed with a guilty feeling entrenched in their hearts.

Ivy, Olivia, Blake, Noah... all the children appeared surprised as they witnessed their mothers all standing up at once and walking towards Max.

’Shit what the fuck is going on?’ being locked in her tight embrace, enjoying the softness her burst gave, Max realized the atmosphere had turned heavy.

And soon just after the big build aunty was done hugging him, she moved to the side and let a woman with short hair and armless turtleneck, hugged him.

Compared to the former, this woman was quite short. When she locked him in a tight hug, he wasn’t confronted with her hefty bosom but was able to peer over her shoulders to see two women awaiting their turn.

"Sorry—" squeezing him apologetically, she uttered with a comforting pat on his back.

Loosening her arms, the warmth, cool scent and heavy tits he felt disappeared and replaced with emptiness.

Fortunately before he could, miss the feeling. The next subtly appeared to tremble but then stepped forward and wrapped her arms around his shoulders.

Feeling the familiar warmth and most especially the tits he had been sucking on the previous night. His little was triggered.

"... Sorry."

Just like him, she seemed to have been triggered by the memories last night.

In the ignorance of her other sister who thought she was more apologetic than the rest of them by extending the hug...

’It was a mistake Chloe, get your head straight.

Fucking your sister’s son doesn’t mean you should wanting react to his presence.

What are you saying? Didn’t you like his cock inside you?

That’s not what I meant...’

Absently engaged in a battle of thoughts as she tightly hugged the teen boy-

’Aunt?’ Max’s calm composed voice next to her ear and instantly felt deeply embarrassed.

Not only had her hug been the longest among them, her older sister who stood behind her was starting to get impatient.

"Chloe, are you going to hug his innocent soul all day?"

The first woman who hugged him said with a mild lewd smile mixed with her snickering tone.

Detaching her arms around him, she indirectly avoided his face and stepped to the side.

The last woman had pink hair, staring at his calm face as if assessing him up close. She said no words but engulfed him in a comforting hug.

Feeling her massive tits pressed against, Max cock twitched inside his pants. As an intent of lust appeared in his heart.

’+² sexual charm has been activated.’ he told himself, sensing the way each of his aunts looked at him.

They were probably having sexual thoughts of him right now.

However, someone just happened to interrupt him.

"What a happy Reunion." His father’s voracious voice could be heard coming from the table. As if entertained by the sight of all four sisters comforting their late sister’s child after years of making no effort to ask about his well-being.

Throwing a grudging glance at his father, the woman embarrassed turned back to Max.

"If there is anything you want, tell us we’ll help you get it."

The woman in armless turtleneck bearing semblance to Ava and Annabelle, the shortest among the women spoke. Causing the others to nod in agreement as they awaited his response.

’What do I want?’

His eyes lingered on big build aunt’s bosom for a split second, keeping his true desires to himself, he was about to reject their kind offer when a delicate firm voice reached their ears.

"Let the child breathe, gathering him like a pack of wolves. How do you want him to answer that?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121: -Family Breakfast -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Let the child breathe, gathering around him like a pack of wolves. How do you possibly want him to answer that?"

The voice was cool-headed and firm, drawing everyone’s attention.

Being pushed in a wheelchair, the Matriarch — their mother and grandmother — in a classic rich dress, said as she locked eyes with all four of her daughters.

"Don’t mind us, sweetheart," Aunt Raven said with a teasing drawl, a smirk on her face as she seemed to realize what their mother meant. The other women did too — and their children. Especially Blake, whose face twisted with a flash of jealousy and irritation seeing his mom also gathering around Max, and being classified as one of the wolves.

"Instead, why don’t you all owe him a favour. That should make up for your years of negligence towards your own sister’s child."

Seeing that each of the women were just about to walk towards their seats, their mother didn’t stop but struck again.

Exchanging glances, the pink-haired woman spoke.

"We all owe you a favour then." With a bittersweet smile touched with guilt, she told him before heading to her seat. So did the rest.

"Come sit over here, son." Grinning, his father called out to him while indicating for him to come sit beside him.

Walking forward, Max realized his father seemed to hold a powerful influence in the family — to sit next to the Matriarch — considering none of the other dads were present or were not valued enough to be there.

"Well, you should thank your Grandma for giving you such an opportunity... Considering each of your aunts manages the biggest sectors of the family’s business." Whispering the latter part of the sentence in his ear, his father winked at him.

Meanwhile, Blake and his other cousins could only helplessly listen — knowing how much a favour from their mother was worth.

"I guess that settles things." Standing up with grace from her wheelchair, the Matriarch let her gaze hover over him before taking her seat.

Evelyn, who had been working beside her, also took her seat between Max and his father.

Surprisingly, no one made any motion to rise from their seats, but instead composed themselves — like his father, who dropped the small glass of liquor he was holding and wiped his mouth with a napkin in a brutish manner.

Seeing this, the women around the table, other than the Matriarch, revealed a subtle look of scorn.

"Thank you, Grandma." Standing up, Max bent his head in a polite manner and thanked the Matriarch — also his grandmother — before sitting back down.

While it was noticeable that the way he greeted his aunts earlier and his grandma was different due to hierarchy, performing a full bow would have made him seem like a flattering outsider.

Seeing this, his aunts’ expressions subtly changed.

Casting a sweeping gaze, the Matriarch revealed a contented expression before picking up her cutlery.

After she took the first bite from the dishes, a tentative harmony with a new, unspoken order took place.

There was no talk, there was no discussion — only the clinking of cutlery against porcelain ceramic plates.

’One, two, three, five...’ summing up the number of eyes that were glancing his way repeatedly.

’Olivia, Annabelle and Ava...’ Among them, those three glanced at him like they were telepathically talking about him, showing hidden smiles and shy blushes whenever he caught them.

Next in line were Blake and his mom. After crossing eyes, the former would scoff, while the latter tried her best not to meet his gaze.

Then was the aunt with a big build, his quiet cousin Daisy, and Noah’s mother. Her cunning eyes kept staring at him, never glancing away.

Though it was subdued and almost unnoticed, there was a delicate tension between his sister and the four other women. Adding to this fact was that they never paid heed to her young presence after she came in with the Matriarch.

Minutes passed...

"Sarah, Sebastian, Evelyn, and Ivy. Come see me when you’re done."

Casually dropping her cutlery and casting her gaze on the aforementioned people, the Matriarch used the napkin with delicate grace, exuding an aura of nobility — once again hinting that she was no ordinary woman.

After her words, the clinking of cutlery lowered somewhat.

A silent exchange happened between the three other women — a glint of understanding that almost couldn’t be seen flashing past their eyes.

"And also..." Drawing their attention with a sudden pause, she continued.

"From henceforth, I would like to have breakfast in my office with each one of you for the next ten days, instead of coming here." Her tone was calm and deliberately measured, causing each of them to become attentive while being scanned by her gaze.

Satisfied with their reaction, the Matriarch turned to Ivy.

"Ivy, you shall arrange the order."

"Yes, Grandma." Bending her head, Ivy’s voice was dutiful and restful.

Giving a satisfied nod, the Matriarch stood up and sat in the wheelchair. Beside her, Max caught Moogie staring at him, and he was reminded of how he drilled down her throat yesterday morning. Winking at him after he finally noticed her, she dutifully turned and began walking beside the Matriarch.

After the Matriarch’s departure, the dining atmosphere changed to that of relief.

"Well... that was close, but I guess I should also take my leave now." Dropping the napkin, his father smiled and stood up. Evelyn, sitting next to him, did the same.

"Aunts... I shall also take my leave. Bye guys." Throwing the rest of them a quick glance, Evelyn calmly placed the napkin down and stood up.

Just as his dad began to walk away, she did the same.

Seeing this, the pink-haired woman — supposedly Ivy’s mom — shook her head slightly with distrust at the departing man’s back before standing up.

Ivy did the same; however, she was quickly interrupted by Olivia.

"Big sis, please lend us your car keys. We want to go and watch the game with Max. I bought four vip tickets."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122: - Four Vvip Tickets to the Game-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Huh?’

At the mention of his name, Max’s eyes darted towards Olivia, then Ivy, who tilted her head his way.

For a moment, everyone at the dining table turned towards him.

Seeming to realize the change her words had caused, Olivia pursed her lips before saying:

"Oh, we planned it. You know it has been a long time since we all played together," she revealed, indicating that Annabelle and Ava were involved.

"That’s thoughtful of you guys, Olivia." After being told it wasn’t Max who planned to hang out with them, Aunt Raven flashed a smile as she turned to Max, peering at him.

"You wouldn’t mind this aunty joining the fun to catch up on the absent years... You can also share your worries and troubles about your girlfriend with me," she added, observing Max’s expression.

However, Olivia bashfully refused.

"No, Aunt Raven. Just like you said, we—the young kids—want to catch fun. We’ve missed our fat cousin so much."

Annabelle and Ava nodded in agreement with Olivia in a totally childish manner.

Not knowing whatever it was that made them smile cheekily, Max lightly furrowed his brows.

He said no words, but his confusion was clear.

’Are they dragging me?’

Grinning at her little niece, Aunt Raven shook her head with a defeated expression.

"Okay, you three win."

"Take it," Ivy was the one who spoke. Dropping the shiny key, she turned and followed after her mother’s departing back.

"Thanks, Aunt Raven. We’ll schedule another time with you," Ava added, leaving her seat behind as she went to pick up the car key Ivy dropped too.

"Wait, are you excluding us?" Daniel, who had been listening, asked with a wronged expression directed at the three girls.

"Are you dumb? Didn’t you just hear there are only four tickets? Besides, last time you, Noah, and Blake took Daisy for one of your chitty matches."

Putting out her middle finger, Olivia revealed her tongue.

"Our circle just completed—find your way somewhere else."

"Huh, Blake, why are you quiet? Scheming something up? Whatever." Throwing her brother a distasteful look, Olivia sneered.

Blake huffed in response and stood up to take his leave.

"I guess I am not needed here either." Forcing out a smile, Daniel dropped the napkin and left.

"Bye, sucker." Annabelle cursed at Daniel’s departing back.

Totally ignoring Noah and Daisy, who seemed concentrated on their phones, they laid their eyes on Max.

"I have four VVIP tickets, Max... so are you coming?"

Finally asking him out to the game, the girls pressed into each other with puffy cheeks and clearly indicating eyes that he couldn’t refuse.

"Okay."

’Not like I have anything to do either.’

Amused by the attention they were giving him, he nodded, his face neutral as he stood up, willing to tag along without any suspicion of what their intentions were.

"Let’s go," Olivia said, shaking her head with a cheeky grin.

Walking under their mother’s watch, the three girls whispered delicately or lightly tapped each other’s backs with him trailing behind until they got into the hallway.

"Front seat’s mine," Olivia declared, cheekily flaunting the key in her hands.

"You always say that," Ava muttered, rolling her eyes but not arguing.

Annabelle quickly disqualified her claim.

"Max is the only guy here, so he takes the wheel. I also want the front seat too. Max, you won’t mind, right?"

Seeing all three attentively turn to him, Max showed a thoughtful look.

However, before he could share his opinion, he was disrupted by Olivia, fearing she would lose.

"Okay, we should all stay at the back instead. I give up." Pinching Annabelle’s arm, she stretched out her hand to give him the Bentley key.

Taking it with a neutral look, he placed it inside his pocket and kept trailing behind them.

Their little laughter and footsteps were the only things that could be heard across the hallway. Soon, they got to the open garage of luxurious vehicles.

Unlike the night before, several black sedans could be spotted, each worth a fortune and probably equipped with the best security.

Pressing the button, the silver Bentley flashed its rear lights before its doors were pulled open.

Sliding into the driver’s seat with little fanfare, Olivia, Annabelle, and Ava squeezed into the back seat, still chatting in low tones.

The engine purred to life.

Driving out of the Riders’ Mansion—

"Aegis Stadium, please." Annabelle giggled, pushing Olivia’s hand from her mouth, only for the three girls to pause.

Seeing him swipe on the GPS map for the aforementioned location, they all seemed to remember he had almost never been to London in his sensible years enough to know any place.

"It’s okay." Noticing their reaction, Max said before resuming to steer the wheel.

"That was so dumb of you, Annabelle." After they all seemed to recover, they quickly cursed Annabelle for suggesting that he should drive.

The ride was a blur—glimpses of Thames-lit roads, red buses gliding past, rain-slick cobblestones.

In the distance, the hazy silhouette of the London Eye turned slowly, like time ticking forward without urgency.

Inside the car, the warmth contrasted with the brisk London chill. The girls’ laughter and murmured teasing filled the silence, while Max kept his focus ahead, the city folding away around them.

**Beep!**

The GPS ticked, signifying that they had arrived at their destination.

It was a smaller, modest stadium tucked on the edge of the city, somewhere near a lesser-known borough. It wasn’t a Premier League match—no crowds spilling onto the pavements, just a few clusters of fans snapping photos or nursing takeaway coffee under the morning sun. It was a holiday, so most of these people were similar youths like them.

"We’re here." It wasn’t Max who announced their arrival but Annabelle, who seemed particularly excited about arriving.

Rolling down the tinted window slightly as a security staff member in a reflective vest approached, Olivia gave Ava the golden tickets, who then handed them to the man. After a polite nod, he waved them through to the VIP parking.

A Bentley sure attracted attention.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123: -Let us see-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You’ve never been to a match like this with us," Ava said, surprisingly looping her arm through his.

To her side, Annabelle smiled, sincerely pinching Olivia. "London games hit different at night though."

"Unfortunately, we were unable to find such games. Big game VVIP tickets are hard to book," Olivia muttered, already leading the way toward the private entrance.

...

The private entrance was discreet—a tinted glass door with velvet ropes and a stern-looking man in a suit standing composed by the side.

After they got close enough, he silently brought out a device and stretched out his hand for their tickets.

Beep! Beep!

After a second reconfirmation of their identity, the man stepped aside, and the glass door automatically opened.

Inside was a narrow, cozy corridor with dim lighting, laced with the polished scent of leather. The echoes from the shouts inside the stadium were somewhat muffled.

"Hmmm." Nodding, the girls simultaneously released a satisfied breath, realizing they had escaped the noise.

"This way," said the waiting hostess with a practiced smile, her heels clicking as she guided them down the cozy furnished corridor to the elevator.

From what it seemed, they were yet to arrive at the VVIP section.

Getting out of the elevator, they were met with a dimmer and cozier corridor—eerily quiet and vacant of life. No sound could be heard.

There was a row of ten doors labeled with numeric numbers, showing just how high-priced the VVIP boxes were.

From the girls’ reaction, he was sure the amount had taken a small, painful bite out of their pockets.

"Hope it’s all worth it..."

Almost inaudible, he heard Annabelle whisper by his side, and her gaze focused on him for a moment.

Taking a light step forward, the hostess pushed open the labeled (I) door to reveal the luxurious interior.

Sleek black reclined seats faced a wall of glass that offered a perfect view of the pitch. The space behind it revealed a sleek bar with soft lighting.

A long sofa stretched across the back wall, and trays of fine hors d’oeuvres and desserts sat waiting.

Ava let out a soft whistle. "This is... kind of sexy," she muttered, tossing her blazer onto the sofa.

Olivia didn’t wait to be impressed. She kicked off her shoes and let herself sink into one of the recliners. "We should’ve brought a bottle. Or two."

Annabelle drifted to the tinted glass wall, pressing her fingers lightly against it as she looked down at the warming-up players below. Done with her secretive observation, she silently nodded with a reassured smile curling her lips.

Seeing the way they all acted carefree, the hostess took her cue to leave. Max’s eyes lingered suspiciously on the three of them before reservedly taking one of the seats like an outsider.

Being cheeky and carefree was never his thing to begin with.

Gazing down at the field, the warming-up players were already done and had each positioned at decisive spots.

Despite knowing little about soccer compared to gridiron, he could tell the players below were professional and not a shabby squad.

To attest to this, almost half of the stadium was filled—responsible for rigorous chants that couldn’t be heard. Warm, quiet, and private.

Just then, the game started.

Tilting his head, he noticed Ava handing him a glass of drink while taking her seat next to him.

Olivia and Annabelle did the same, turning strangely quiet while watching the game in eerie silence.

The air was starting to change.

’Is this drugged or are they trying to kill me?’ Caught by these two provocative thoughts, Max glanced at the drink inside.

Attracting his attention, Annabelle pulled the tie from her hair and stood up.

"Let’s fill the glasses." She suggested, already grabbing the bottle and sitting back down in the pensive atmosphere.

"Take." After filling the crystal tumbler, she handed it to Olivia. Doing the same, it was then passed to him.

Filling his glass, he handed it to Ava.

’What the...’ His gaze dropped slightly as Ava stretched out her hand, settling on her slightly revealed twin peaks.

Unexpectedly, she collected the bottle with a bashful expression, winking at him.

Since they had each filled their glasses, they all settled their attention on the game—or rather, pretended to.

Calm and composed as he was, Max found it difficult to visualize the three of them together with him at the same time.

Slowly, many things started to piece together.

Starting from last night, how both of them dragged Olivia from staying with him. And then this morning, they out of the blue wanted to spend their time with him in the name of catching up on lost time.

Four VVIP tickets. Three girls. Alone with him in a private box.

More than that, Max realized their hushed whispers and little arguments were all related to him.

On the field, one of the playing teams had scored a goal. One side of the spectator stand could be seen jubilating while the other sat still.

Just as he was drawn by this scene, one of the girls became unable to hold the silence.

"So..." Ava spoke up first, drawing out the first word to catch their attention while twirling her glass.

"...Olivia told us what happened." The instant she said this, she gulped down the remaining contents in her glass and turned to face him with a bold, bashful look. Her blush heavily strained under that facade.

"She told us you used that thing on her." Pointing at his crotch, her arm shook unsteadily before resting it back down.

From the heavy flush clouding her cheeks, it could be seen she had used up the bravery provided by the drink and now looked shy under his speechless gaze.

However, she wasn’t alone.

Seeing her sister’s faltering expression, Annabelle spoke up.

"–You know we all saw your cock yesterday, and didn’t believe we could take something like that. However, Olivia has been taunting us since then."

"Let us see."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124: - Alone with my three cousin sisters -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Let us see it." Ava blurted, her face flushing but lust evident in her eyes as she took in expression.

There was silence and lustful tension as they awaited his response.

Tilting his head towards the other siblings, Max saw the similar glint in her eyes.

By the side, Olivia was biting her teeths with a guilty look.

"Strip."

Confirming to a conclusion that all three had planned this together. Max decided he wasn’t going to let them have him easy either.

Suppressing the thrill coursing through him at this moment, he let out his excitement by revealing his desires. No longer reserved, his gaze at the three girls revealed lust, an untamed one that seemed to match their crazy minds.

Hearing his command—ordering them to strip—the girls froze, their eyes widening in disbelief. Olivia included.

A deep flush spread across their cheeks as they glanced at each other before facing him with resolution.

Ava was wearing bootcut jean pants and a purple tank top.

Annabelle wore a square top and pleated short milk colored skirt.

Having taken off her blazer earlier, Olivia was left in an off shoulder short gown. Her appearance is not so tempting due to her slender chest.

Ava moved first, her fingers brushing the helm of her top and began peeling it off up with a steady rhythm. Her bootcut jeans followed next after she unclipped the button and rustled her waist a bit to let it slip down her hips. Revealing her ambient flushed skin.

Beside her, Annabelle hesitated only a second longer before slipping her hands behind her back, undoing the clasp of her square-cut top as It fell forward with a whisper, revealing her bare shoulders and gorgeous ample sight.

Her milk-colored pleated skirt swayed softly as she stepped forward, letting it drop in one smooth motion.

From head to toe she was the most seductive and attractive one, though most points went to having that biggest breasts in the room. In terms of beauty, Ava and Olivia topped a bit above her.

Olivia was the last to take off her dress because the off-shoulder gown that clung tightly to her slender frame needed help from Annabelle to unzip.

Though not as curvaceous as her cousin sisters, her every other detail was high.

’Ava, Annabelle, and Olivia."

As soon as they were done, Max’s eyes never left their body. Taking his time to admire their undies and their body in detail.

Annabelle was wearing a set of purple lace underwear. Having the biggest boobs between the three. The slight peak of her cleavage casted by the bra stirred his blood with curiosity. Imagining how aroused her nipples could possibly be underneath, hidden from his view.

She had sexy thighs too, standing almost nude with exhibited blessings.

Reluctantly taking off his eyes to the next. He admired Ava’s fierce pointed molds despite their small shapes. Her bra and panty was of mixed colors and he couldn’t tell the material or model they were crafted from. If anything though, Ava had the body of a pornstar on the slender category.

Coming to Olivia, her short petite frame was the type you could comfortably bang the shit out. Her smaller frame made her perfect for instilling in any position and matching with the same thrust.

Done with his admiration, Max’s eyes drifted between his three cousins for a while before he also stood up.

First, he removed his button shirt and tugged up his inner shirt. Revealing his proportioned muscles and tone biceps. His eight packs stood out the most, making the girls gasp.

Unbuckling his belt, the tension in the VVIP increased.

Pulling down his trouser his bulge sprang out. Silencing the room further to the extent that they could now hear each other’s breathing.

When he was done Max raised his head to see their eyes stuck to his groin in a daze.

In their speechless anticipating silence he tucked the lids of his boxers and pulled it down. The next instantly, a bulging, rigid steaming rod, fearlessly bounced out. Pointing its tip towards the three girls who instantly felt the wetness between their legs quiver, a vivid calling of lust in their eyes.

With one look at his weapon, the thrill and burning desires in their body turned into wet moist that slid down their thighs.

"Can we touch it?"

Annabelle requested on their behalf, gulping down a heated spit down her throat.

Such a wonder, they wanted to witness it with their hands before they could confirm it was real. Except for Olivia of course, at the sight of the bulging rod she only wanted it to selfishly fill her cunt, deeper in her heart she also felt incredulous thinking she had taken in such monstrosity once.

’Does that make me a slut?’ Olivia thought to herself as heated lustful embarrassment blazed her cheeks.

Also it wasn’t the first time Ava and Annabelle saw his cock.

Seeing both girls were determined-

"Hmmm." Max nodded in the silence with a soft humm, giving them a good look. After all his blood was also boiling hot at the thought of a possible foursome with his cousins.

Upon hearing the soft humm as confirmation, both Ava and Annabelle, stunned, went on their knees. Their eyes never leave the bulging weapon with veins trailing its surface.

"It’s hot."

’fuck.’

Upon grabbing his pointing shaft like it was something alien, Ava muttered to her sister in shock. However her grip around his cock didn’t lessen, only tightened. Withstanding both pain and pleasure, Max could only curse in his mind while keeping his face composed.

Previously hesitating, upon seeing Ava’s reaction, Annabelle also grabbed it, her soft palm wrapping around the head while her sister’s shifted to the base.

"Wow." Annabelle whispered with a lost look as if sensing the pulsating life.

For fifteen seconds, both girls kept their palms wrapped and around his cock, unable to comprehend the feeling from it. Whilst to the side, someone was growing restless already.

"If you two aren’t going to suck it,let me."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 125: - Annabelle -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"If you two aren’t going to suck it, let me." Olivia’s impatient voice quickly made the two sister’s realize they weren’t the only one who needed their mighty cousins D.

"Suck it." As the excitement in his blood stirred, Max ordered, also feeling impatient.

"Let me."

"No, let me." Unclipping Annabel’s hand away from his dick, the two sisters appeared ready to go for each other’s throats.

"Let Ava do it, you stand up."

Seeing they were about to squabble over his member, Max decided that Ava should go first. It was his cock after all.

"Thanks." Looking up at his face, Ava’s cheeks flushed before she resumed her focus on his dick.

"Argh."

Just as Ava kissed his tip, then put his dick in her mouth. Max let out a low groan from the feeling of her saliva coating his dick.

Inhaling slightly, Max turned his head to Annabelle who was focused on her sister sucking his cock.

There was a reason he told her to stand, without saying any word he wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her closer to him.

"Hmmm."

Exhaling from the sudden pull, Annabelle found her head pressing against his chest when she recovered from the inertia a moment later.

Raising her head to meet Max’s eyes, slightly surprised by his action of pulling her close. Before she could think further, she felt his hand on her ass.

Comfortably groping his cousin’s cheeky ass, her breasts pressed in his embrace. He silently stared into her eyes while her sister, quite far from mastery, sucked his cock her palm tracing the veins on it.

’Taking your time huh? Shit, this won’t cut it.’

A head taller than Annabelle, Max realized he couldn’t comfortably suck on her breasts so he pulled them apart.

"Hmmm."

Feeling his hand on her head, Ava on her knees stopped her action of sucking him and glanced up at him.

"Let’s go over there." pointing at the couch.

In the private VVIP boot, a scene of Max walking with a rigid pointer between his legs and his three Cousin sisters clad in just underwear was currently happening.

Getting to the long couche, Max sat on it. Making space in-between his legs as Ava went on her knees just right after. Resting her arm on his arm in a more comfortable position before resuming the blowjob she was giving him.

For now Olivia remained a spectator.

Pulling Annabelle close for a moment, he glanced at her sister who was sucking him off.

Being creative, he motioned for Annabelle to sit on his tommy.

Despite being confused, his lustful cousin compiled sitting on his tommy as their skin came in contact.

"Hmmm-" Tugging her close enough to make her unable to react, he lunge at her bra. Slipping them up as his lips latched onto her firm young tits.

"Ahhhh-" following the second swipe of his tongue over her pinkish nipple, Annabelle reacted by gasping sharply and pressing his head closer to feed him.

"Hmmmm-." With one focused swipe of his tongue around her areola once more, she gasped lightly this time but wanting to bury his face in her softness. Unfortunately her tits weren’t so big, only half his face felt the softness.

Beneath him, Ava had paused upon hearing her sister’s moan. Glancing up to catch the back sight of her squirming while on him, her breasts probably pushed against his face. She stroked his cock with more commitment than before, swallowing more inches and also thoroughly licking his glans.

Following the slick movement of her tongue all over his dick, Max could feel traces of his precum already in her mouth. Mixed with her saliva, the movement of her lips transporting him in and out was becoming more smooth.

"Hmmm-" holding back his own groan, Max transferred the aggression to Annabelle who squirmed and gasped feeling his hands grope her rear repeatedly Ang his mouth swapping between both of her tits with her timely assistance.

To the side, Olivia could be slowly fingering herself while watching the play.

"Hmmm." Annabelle moaned again, feeding him more of her breasts to devour. However as she did this –

"Ahhhh!" Her moan turned sharper and louder.

Because with one swift charge, Max managed to shift her panty to one side, and inserted one of his fingers inside her while groping her ass at the same time.

Annabelle on the other hand felt the bliss she was experiencing multiply and closed her eyes while tightening her arm around his head.

Naturally her walls tightened around the invader. Clenching his finger tight within, Max kept his finger still.

Stroking his cock with the sticky mix of saliva and precum, Ava tried to perform deepthroat several times but failed simply because her mouth couldn’t handle the stretch made by girthy length.

He could hear her puff the sticky meat and her hands failing in exhaustion from the continuous stroking.

Competing to suck his cock now seemed like a loss for her.

slurp!

Ava swallowed his cock one more time and pulled away.

Sensing a new pair of hands wrapped around him-

"Argh-" Max groaned in pleasure feeling her soft tender lips lapping his shaft as her tongue directly licked the tip for the trace of precum left on it.

"Ahhhhhhh-." Groping Annabel’s ass and thrusting his fingers deeper inside her pussy, following up with a few quick insertion, her walls clenched several times than before. Moaning loudly, her thighs strapped to his two thighs buckled as heavy wave of pleasure befell her.

Pleased, Max withdrew his finger from her flowing cunt.

Grabbing hold of his serviced instrument, blow jobbed by Ava and Olivia. He swung it a bit, weighing it himself before using his other than to direct Annabelle to lower her ass a bit.

Her hands still hung around his head, his lips latched onto her nipples.

Holding up the tip, he traced the two wet petals. Rubbing his tip between for a few moments before inserting his length within-

"Ahhhh-!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 126: -Foursome -***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"It entered?"

Following Annabelle sharp gasps of bliss. Ava’s expression turned incredulous watching the plump figure head slip between her sister’s clit, a moment later it was no longer in sight about three inches buried inside.

"See?" Olivia who was by her side queried. Also fascinated by the sight despite having experienced it herself.

Their voices weren’t lowered in the slightest, Annabelle who had just recovered from the euphoria: insertion of his cock between wet walls, flushed deeply.

About to refute their words, she was interrupted by Max plunging his cock deeper, going against the crushing walls of her pussy.

"N– Ahhhh!"

Annabel’s moan was sharp, her mouth hanging open as she relished the bliss of the occupant inside her.

Seeing this, Ava trembled in fear.

"How are you able to take that Anna?" She called out to her blissful sister who couldn’t respond to her words yet.

Feeling a swell in his head at her reaction, Max decided it was time to be serious.

Annabelle’s inside was already all wet, so his thrust won’t be all that hindered.

"Ahh-" Annabelle released another moan while Olivia and Ava watched the obscene insertion.

"Hmmmm-" taking in another deep erotic breath by the movement of Max pulling up her ass a bit. Her legs became positioned and her pussy right above him. At the same time, he couldn’t latch onto her nipples any more and could only feel breasts pressing against his neck.

"Ahhh- ahhh- ahhhh."

Ignoring his loss for the moment, he began with a steady slow pace thrust that caused Annabelle to shudder,her gasping breath turning into moans as she dug her fingers into his skin.

"Hmmm- ahhh" with another intake of air, she continued moaning. Ava and Olivia who were on their knees marvelled at this sight.

"Did you also take it like this?" Ava’s audible whisper could be heard.

"Better." Olivia responded with flushed but her eyes never left the penetration.

"Hmm– hmmm- hmmm." Increasing his pace, Annabelle began a humming melody.

But a foursome couldn’t be done single handedly could it?

The two other girls knew not what to do so he was going to direct them on what to do.

"Hmmm-" following Annabelle’s trembling moan, he eased his thrust.

"Ava come over here." He ordered.

Hurriedly standing up, she slid to his side, on the long couche still clad in her undies. With a salivating lustful look on her eyes.

Her too wanted to get pleasured instead of listening to someone getting fucked.

Throwing a grudging look at her sister who was still squirming from the pleasure of receiving Max’s dick, and unable to spare a tilt of her from the opposite side, she smiled at Max.

"Bring your tits closer, let me suck." Seeing her ready to please expression, Max threw the polite facade and released his left palm from groping Annabel’s ass.

Motioning for her to come between his arm, Ava readily went on her knees on the couch and moved close enough for her nipples to touch his face.

"Olivia, suck and massage my balls from time to time- that is how it is done."

To think they didn’t know how to plan a foursome but wanted it to happen was actually funny.

"Hmmm- " Ava’s moan was a little different from her sister’s own, with a more nasty and sultry tone to it. Grasping her small little tip with lips, he groped her ass while she pushed more of her tits to his face.

Slurp!

"Argh-" suddenly releasing a loud groan. It was because he felt Olivia’s tongue snake around his sack and popped one of his balls inside her mouth. Sucking it with scrutiny she popped it out again.

Inside her pussy, Annabelle could feel the size of Max’s cock pulsate and increase slightly.

"Ahhh!" Gasping with a brittle tone, she held tight onto and began to rock him before he could resume thrusting.

With this sudden move, Max felt his balls tighten. Signifying that climax was near.

"Hmmm-"

"Hmmm -"

As he groped one sister’s ass and sucked her small breasts, the other was rocking him.

Raising her ass and then burying him in the depth in-between.

Pleasure from all three points were being harvested.

Soon the whole VVIP boot was filled with brittle moans and thick groans from Max being engaged in a foursome with his three cousin sisters.

Neither of them had nothing to say because they were moaning or sucking balls.

"Mmmm - mmmmh - mmmm." This moan was from Ava who was having her breasts sucked and one hand groping her rear.

"Ahh- ahhh - ahhhh." Annabelle faced the ceiling, her hair draped behind her as she grinded him for her own pleasure.

Pop Pop Pop - from time to time Olivia nibbled his balls, putting the whole sack in her mouth while holding on top his thigh for support.

"Ahhhh-" Ava’s sultry moan broke out. Stopping his action of groping her ass,Max slipped in one of his fingers inside her.

’Already soaking wet?’ It was the first time he was encountering such a slippery hole upon first insertion with cumming.

He didn’t stop there, but began to move finger her.

"Ahhh- ahhh- ahhh-" her moan became cute and short. Closing her eyes with flushed cheeks, she relished the thrust of his finger and tongue tickling her nipples.

Pushed to the edge by the new sensation, she couldn’t take it any longer and froze.

"Hmmmmmmm!" with a sultry cry, her legs clamped tight against his fingers.

At the same time, he could feel the tremor coursing through Annabelle as she quickened the pace at which she slammed on his dick.

"Ahh- ahhh- ahhh..." letting out rushed moans...

"I’m cummmmiing." She shouted then collapsed on his chest.

Triggered by her words, Max felt the flood gate of his scrotum, slightly open to shoot out a bit of over three waves of sticky seeds.

"Argh." With a thick groan, Max groped Annabel’s ass tightly before letting go. A wave of euphoria washed over him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 127: -Threesome -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hmmm-"

After spending about thirty seconds relishing the bliss of their shared intercourse. The boot was pulled into a subtle silence enough for their shallow breath to become distinct.

Pushing away Annabelle who was slumped on his chest and curled in exhaustion.

"Wait-" as he was about to stand up, he felt Olivia’s palm wrapping around his limp brother with a tissue paper she slipped out of somewhere.

Stilling his movement, he hunched slightly and saw her dutifully wiping off Annabelle’s nectar with puffed cheeks.

It was clear she wanted to suck him but wasn’t inebriated enough to do so when he was covered in another’s nectar.

"That– was good." To his side, Ava seemed to have fully recovered from the euphoria and was starting to rest up.

When she saw Annabelle weakened with shallow breath by his other side, her eyes glistened with joy.

"Good for you-" she mocked her sister who was unable to respond.

By then Olivia was done with cleaning his dick and was about to gulp him-

"Wait-" he unhurriedly motioned for the petite girl to stop. Causing her stare at him in confusion for a moment before realizing what he wanted to do.

Getting up from the seat, Max held up his dick to her chin, bringing it closer to her lips he shook it a few times but to no avail did it show sign of getting up.

Whilst - smirking up at him.

"Should I suck it or just your balls?" Olivia questioned with a knowing smile on her lips.

It was obvious she wanted him to spew some dirty words.

"Hmmm- suck both..." however, interrupting his words, was Ava who skidded close on her knees and knelt up before like Olivia did.

"I’m not done yet. I also want to suck." nudging Olivia for wanting to take her spot, she raised her head with a puppy look.

"Suck my balls-"

"Olivia, you handle the rest."

Directing both of them on what to do, he laid his hand on their head and slowly began to rub their hair.

Olivia took in his shaft, thoroughly licking and sucking it while Ava lowered her mouth, taking in his sack from one corner.

Soon their sultry breaths filled the boot and the limp dragon began to awaken.

5 inch, 6 inch... 8 inch.

His cock was rigid and pointing straight at their faces.

"You like it?"

Opening his eyes after sensing that they had both stopped, he saw both them staring up at him with an expectant look.

"That was very good..." Max commented, his voice hoarse as their eyes glinted with excitement.

"Lie down-" Pulling up Olivia, he motioned for to lie down on the couch.

Doing as he requested, his petite cousin quickly flipped her bra to the gods knows where and slipped down her thong. Totally exposing her fair delicate skin and the lightly shaved trim between her legs.

"Hmmm-" she took in a loud breath, widening her legs to reveal the pinkish wet hole in between.

"What about me?" Thinking he was about to leave her to watch the show, Ava quickly interjected.

However, Max wasn’t planning on letting her sit still either. Drafting a wholesome engaging threesome in his head, he nodded in response to her words.

"Ava, you’ll lie above her. So that Olivia will be able to suck your tits."

Seeing him say it with such a straight face, Ava cheeks flushed and she quickly nodded. Unclasping the straps of her bra, she let it drop on the floor and slipped down her pants in the same motion.

Her pointed tits were revealed in full glory, small, plump and rebelling with visible bite from Max’s teeth. Giving him a moment to admire her wonderful asset, she moved to position above Olivia. Strapping her legs by the former’s side, she bent slightly enough to place her breasts on Olivia’s face.

From this angle, Max could strike and goal four holes the way he wanted.

"Hmmm-" Olivia began sucking Ava’s breasts, causing the latter to shudder and put her arms to support.

"Hmmm- hmmm-"

"Ahhh!" Just as Ava’s sultry breath filled the VVIP, Olivia’s loud gasp cut through the air upon feeling his plump head inside her cunt once more.

"Ahhhh- ahhh- yesss" as he began inserting slow steady thrust inside Olivia, he raised both of her arms, and placed them on Ava’s ass.

Understanding what he meant by this, she began groping Ava’s ass.

"Ahhh- Yess- ahhhh-"

"Hmmmm- hmm– hmmm-"

Two moans repeatedly sounded in the boot.

The first from Olivia who reeled back and forth Despite his slow thrust while her lips latched and released Ava’s breath with each moan.

The other was Ava who was having her breasts sucked and her ass groped.

After about five minutes, Max exited Olivia and rose on his knees to insert it inside.

"Ahhhhh-" at the first contact of cock pushing past the veil of her clit down into her pleasing depth. Ava gasped sharply and loud with widened eyes as her eyes bulged and her body strained.

’I did it... I finally felt it.’ as this thought echoed through her head, instantly climaxing heavily on Max’s cock-

"Ahh-!" It was quickly cut short by Max’s next thrust.

"Ahh-!" She moaned again, her breath cut and exhaling. She felt Max plunge deep within her.

Before her mouth could close, she felt him pull out and thrust it back in.

"Ahhh- ahhh- ahhh-!" As a compensation for being the last of the three to receive his blessing,he blessed her bountifully by showering her with fast powerful thrusts that caused her body to tremble and reel in shock.

"Ahhhh- Ahhhh! Yess, fuck me! Ahh, harder! Harder! Harder" Following each of his thrusts, she began speaking nastily, telling him to thrust deeper and harder inside her pussy.

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa! Hmmm- Max! Yes! Yes! The clapping of flesh joined in while he kept on pounding.

At some point he pulled her arms backward in a dominative fashion and kept up with his thrust.

"You’re so good ma- hmmm- harder! Yesss."

Whilst Olivia beneath Ava kept on sucking her breasts.

As the three related siblings kept on with this act, there was a loud moan in filling the boot- but the thrusting didn’t stop.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 128: - End of the game -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Fuck me harder - yesssssssss!"

Convulsing and spasming her legs, with eyes flipping backwards, Ava collapsed on the couch for the second time. While being lost in the echoes of bliss as he slipped his meat from her cunt.

Holding her legs, he beat the area with his meat a few times before letting go.

To her side, Olivia could be seen exhausted and grinning. Just like Ava there was also a streaming line of fluid flowing out of her pussy.

With a glance at their spiraled body on the couch, Max felt inwardly satisfied and proud. The only one who still seem energized between his three cousin sisters was Annabelle.

"Come here daddy."

Annabelle held her two legs, using her arms to lock them in the air. She spoke in a sultry tone and a smutty smile curling her lips. Her gaze never left his ’Stallion’ the name he gave them to call it.

After two rounds of singing, moans,shouts and screams. The awkward unfamiliarity had all been thrown away. Replaced by a baddie daddy’s girl relationship.

With one look,Max read the intent in her eyes.

’Total submission and fuck me daddy like the bad bitch I am.’

"Stand." He ordered her and she did.

Smack!

"Ahhh-" he slapped her ass cheeks and groped her with a quick flick. In response, Annabelle let out a ready smile.

"Bend."

Pointing at the couch, he made Annabelle kneel on it. Facing her back against him and resting on the back rest with her ass out.

"Yes daddy." Shaking her ass for him after doing as he intended, Annabelle smiled at him ready to join the two other girls on the couch.

Without another word, he stared into her eyes, held her ass with one hand, then directed his cock inside.

The key start to another wonderful melody had been inputted.

"Ahhhhhhh!" With a gasping moan and breathless lips quivering, Ava held on to the chair to dissipate the force of his thrust as her breasts shook.

"Who is daddy’s girl?"

Smack!

Max spoke with the cold composure required of his dominative act. Holding out his cock that was covered in her juice and his semen from their previous round, he smacked her ass.

"Me! Mmmmm! I am daddy’s girl."

"Daddy please fuck me hard and raw! Fill me with your cock."

There was not the slightest bit of embarrassment on her face, only lust and a faint blush. Speaking without restraint, she seemed more intent on feeling his cock inside her.

Doing just that -

"Have it."

Inserting his cock, he bent slightly and stripped her off her support. With just her chin resting on couch.

Kpa! The sound of their flesh clashing filled the boot as the other girls were too exhausted to spectate.

Kpa! Kpa Kpa!

"Ahh- ahh- ahh-..."

Holding Annabelle’s arms like the rein of a horse, Max kept on pounding her from behind. Making her repeat the same quaking and blissful moan all over again.

Eventually he slowed down to a consistent thrusting manner.

Each of his thrust is more powerful and dutiful in creating euphoria in the other’s party body system.

From Annabelle’s pov...

Every thrust, every rhythm. As his cock drilled against the squeezing force of her pussy. Her body pulsated with circuited pleasure that paused then resumed to course through her.

The bliss was immense and her whole body was being simulated.

But then the feeling changed, a whole new rhythm and tone. He thrusted with enough thrust to leave her bone quaking.

Not long after, that particularly feeling of intense wonder happened.

Beyond the fluffy pillows of bliss, she fell below in to the overwhelming depth of incestuous euphoria.

’Max-’ this word rang through her head, wanting to close eyes and fall into the embrace of what was calling her-

However, her body rocked from the force of his thrust, the pain of her arching arm hijacked her from losing consciousness.

"Ahhh... h... hh..." realizing that Annabelle’s moan had gotten fainter, Max pulled out.

Sitting on the couch,he placed her above him. Her breasts pressed against his face. He wrapped his arms around her after positioning his cock inside her.

Feeling his balls beginning to swell for the fourth time. He thrusted upward,ang kept on fucking Annabelle until he sensed her flowing fluid once more before spilling his seeds inside her.

Breathing with faint exhaustion, Max soon fell asleep with Annabelle above him

Outside, on the football field they were supposed to be spectating. The game ended with a score of 3-2.

___

"Get your hands off him."

"Didn’t you meet my hand here first?"

"He’s so fucking handsome when he sleeps."

"Look I have been sucking it for the past few minutes and it doesn’t want to rise. Such a quite wonder."

Slowly regaining consciousness of his surrounding, Max heard the delicate banter. Felt the many fingers tracing his abs and chest like they could get enough of it.

’Wait-’ subconsciously halting his other senses, he felt a cool breeze blow over his groin area.

Prying open his eyes to discover the source of the familiar feeling- the whole boot fell to a contrasting silence.

The girls all froze like they had been caught in the act, which was true.

But to Max that wasn’t the most distinctive feature in his view. The girls were yet to put on their clothes and two had their nipples and breasts resting directly on him.

The third was on her knees wanting to awaken his gently looking brother as of this moment.

"Huh? Why are you still naked?" Unlike before, the stiff distance he felt towards them was no more.

Hearing his words, the three girls faintly blushed-

"Well, we thought you would want to do it again." Ava said, puffing her cheeks with her eyes of his dick.

’What the fuck? Am I superman?’

"Well known, it wouldn’t be able to rise again today." Instantly dashing their hopes, he told them.

"It should be thirty minutes since the game ended already. Let’s go..." speaking with a casual tone, Max picked up his phone with intent to go check the time but froze a little.

"Max you have a missed call?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 129: -Missed calls?-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Missed calls?" Staring at the notification on his screen with raised brows, Olivia quickly peeked her head in.

"Max, you have a missed call?"

"Yeah, from my sis." Putting the phone away, he picked up his underwear and slipped it on.

"I can’t find my bra." Olivia, after searching a bit, turned towards him with her flat chest.

"There." Putting on his shirt, he pointed at a piece of fabric lying on the small counter in the booth.

"Thanks." With an embarrassed glow, Olivia quickly went to pick it up.

A few minutes later, after repeatedly asking him about their appearance, they left the booth.

Walking into the elevator, they found their way outside the VVIP entrance, with the stern-looking man still there. With no need to check anything on them, they found the silver Bentley waiting just where he parked it.

From how empty the VIP parking lot was, there was no need to guess they were the only VIPs who attended the game—let alone VVIP.

"No, you won’t drive this time around. Let me."

Just as he pulled out the key, Annabelle snatched it from him and opened the doors.

"Max, you sit at the front. We’ll sit at the back," Ava chipped in with a smile that wasn’t a smile.

"Okay."

And just like that, they drove home after spending almost two to three hours at the game.

Along the way, he joined their discussions a few times before focusing on the road, even though he wasn’t the one driving.

Soon, the Riders Estate sign showed up. After it came the big old mansion in the midst of a green field that stretched past the limit of their vision.

"If you don’t mind, we—the ladies’ team—want to go and have our bath."

"We all still have your cum inside us." With a speechless tilt of his head at Ava, she quickly placed her hand over her mouth with an "oops" expression.

"Well... I want to be alone for a while."

Crooking his neck a bit, Max found himself rejecting their offer with a slight shake of his head as he explained.

"Sure then, we’ll catch you later."

"Bye."

Closing the door, he heard them giggle a bit before slumping on the bed.

(13:00 PM)

(5 Missed Calls.) A red angled phone icon sat next to it.

Earlier, he had lied to Olivia without checking who the real caller was.

Swiping up, it was an unknown caller ID.

Furrowing his brows, Max called back the number.

However, all he heard was the automated voice telling him the dialed number was switched off and he could leave a voicemail.

Trying the number again, Max could only sigh, take off his shirt, and enter the bathroom.

When he was done, he slipped under the sheets and fell into a deep slumber. But before that, he made sure the door lock clicked.

He still needed to recover from the drain of having a foursome.

---

Later that evening...

As the cool glow of sunset cast into his room—

"Hmm—" Max heaved heavily.

He squinted and rubbed his eyes to adjust to the dim light.

Raising the sheets, he stretched his limbs with reinvigorated energy, feeling refreshed and his strength recovered.

One minute... two minutes... four minutes...

As minutes passed, Max lay still, silently observing the ceiling in a daze as he recounted today’s events.

’Olivia, Annabelle, and Ava... what a blast.’

With vivid images of their intercourse in his head, Max sensed the redirected flow of his blood rapidly inflating the size of his dick.

However—

**Knock! Knock!**

Two short knocks came from the door, interrupting his thought.

Standing up, he went to unlock the door, then opened it to reveal a slender lady in a professional maid uniform.

Staring at her, there was a brief intentional silence between them before she finally managed to look up at his face with a composed expression.

"There’s a gathering outside, west of the mansion. They want you to join them," she spoke politely, then stretched out her hands to give him the clothes she was holding.

’West side?’ Max thought, realizing he had no clue where that was, even if it was said to be in the west.

"Wait—I’ll need you to take me there," he said coolly, prompting the slender lady to automatically nod while trying not to glance at his upper body.

"Okay."

She gave a polite nod.

Five minutes later, Max was out in a bandana shirt and blue shorts.

A simple, clean look.

Under the lead of the slender lady, they took a few turns between the hallways and finally reached a door, similar to the one that led to the garage.

There, under the soft cascading sunset, the golden light filtered through the slats of a wooden pergola, casting warm stripes across the stone-topped counters of a well-built outdoor kitchen.

A stainless steel grill hissed softly as smoke curled upward, carrying the scent of sizzling meat into the air.

Stationed right outside the kitchen was a long makeshift table with more than ten occupants—chatting, exchanging warm banter.

Olivia, Ivy, Ava... As his eyes scanned the lovely, lively scene of what a great happy family should be like, he was surprised to see the people manning the grill.

His big-figured aunty, Raven, was surprisingly a chef—and no ordinary one at that.

The way she held the tongs while turning over the juicy burgers and skewers loaded with marinated chicken and bell peppers was swift, experienced, and very skilled.

Due to the heat, strands of hair clung to her forehead. Max almost awed at her beauty.

Smiling—

"Who’s ready for round two?" she called out to the other dining family members.

As she scanned the table, her eyes happened to meet Max’s.

"Oh, look who we have here."

With one call, everyone quickly turned to his walking figure.

’Right.’

QN: I’ll be uploading the character images of all aunt’s on Discord today. So if you want to check them out.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 130: - The phone call-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Come over here."

Wearing a loose top that hung on her shoulders, revealing the sports bra underneath, Ava called out to him with a delighted smile.

Olivia and Annabelle reacted in the same manner and outfit, but unable to speak a word due to the half-eaten skewers in their hands.

"Sup bro." Daniel spoke up, assuming a friendly smile of neutrality, while Blake only gave him a silent glance.

"Quite a build you’ve got there, Max." Taking off her gloves, Aunt Raven brought out a plate of corn and sat opposite him.

"Thank you." Max responded with a half-polite nod and a seeming shy smile curling his lips.

"No worries—boy." Breaking the corn, she handed him half of it, while also passing on a plate of grilled meat and lemonade.

"So, why would you even lock your door? We knocked earlier and almost thought you were dead."

"Yeah, if we didn’t know you were such a great player." Chipping in support, a mysterious glint flickering in her eyes, Annabelle gave him a wink.

"You play football?"

Appearing piqued, it was Annabelle and Ava’s mom who spoke up while tilting her head towards him.

’What the fuck?’

Casting a subtle glance at Annabelle, Max nodded his head.

"Yes, Aunt."

"Why are you so polite? Makes us seem more older and distant, you know?"

"I’m Raven, she’s Avery, and that’s Chloe."

Following the direction of her fingers with his gaze, Max realized that the pink-haired woman who was Ivy’s mom, Ivy, and his sister, including his dad, were not present.

"Raven, Chloe, and Avery. Call us that—if you don’t, we are old."

"Okay... Raven."

With a few words, she gave him an ultimatum, leaving him no choice but to call her by her name.

"That’s good."

Smiling, she handed him the other half of the corn.

A warm conversation ensued afterwards. Olivia, Ava, and Annabelle collaboratively talked about the ball game, making him chip into their lies from time to time.

He was also asked about his welfare in the past few years. Diving into school-related matters, they even asked about how many girls he’s dated.

When he said he’s only dated one girl, which in reality was a lady rather, they each gave him a suspicious glance.

"Tell me, are you gay?" It was Raven who asked this question, moving closer to him till there were just inches remaining between them. She stared intensely into his eyes for a moment before moving back.

"You’re indeed serious—" From her realizing expression after that, his guess was that she had thought of asking how many girls he has been with.

In fact, it was not only her but the rest of the girls except for Daisy and Avery: Ava and Annabelle’s mom, who appeared to be less interested as of that moment.

Being the center of their questions most times, he got to know his aunts’ personality.

Raven was the second daughter, intimidating but also the sweetest one among them. Her personality was more of Olivia, Ava, and Annabelle combined and with a natural mature grace.

Chloe rarely spoke due to the awkwardness between them.

’Most definitely, she was the one I fucked last night.’

From the way she acted though, she was the cutest among his aunts.

’Last born,’ Max thought.

Avery, her personality was a stark contrast to her two daughters. Reserved and calm most times, she talked but not actively or seemed like she wanted to.

’So my mom was the third?’

Figuring out the order of their positions, the little picnic came to an end.

"You boys can go."

It seemed like a casual stand-up at first, but Aunt Raven moved fast and grabbed Olivia and Ava before the two girls could make a run from it.

"No, no, no. Help!" Ava squealed as she was being dragged away. Meanwhile, Olivia still had her mouth stuffed full with barbecue and could only flail her arms at the boys.

’Kitchen work?’ Realizing the girls were being dragged to clean up the place, he saw Annabelle already packing up the dishes.

’Well...’ With a speechless sigh, he took a separate turn from where the other boys were headed and found himself inside his dark room.

Turning on the chandelier, he took a casual sweep of his room to see it had been tended to, clean and tidy.

As he was about to take off his shirt though...

Zzz! Zzz! Zzz!

The screen of his phone, placed on the side stool, lit up with a blank caller ID.

The series of numbers on it had no country code prefix, signifying that it was a UK number and not international.

Zzz! Zzz!

The phone buzzed for the second time and he picked it up. Swiping the green icon, he placed it by his ear and patiently waited for the voice from the other side to speak first.

"Hello?" A delicate fine voice with a tinge of nervousness within came from the phone.

"...Linda?" After a few moments of silence, Max spoke, his voice laced with surprise.

"It’s really you..." The voice at the other end of the line spoke, rising in excitement and joy.

From her tone, he imagined the happy look on her face, then replied.

"Yes, it’s me..." Nodding, he responded, making the person at the other end fall silent.

"Are you really in London?" Shortly after, her voice came again after relieving herself of the joy.

"Yes, my family home... Wait, are you also in London?"

Realizing the call number was within the country, he raised his tone and asked in a slightly surprised manner.

"Yes—after I received your text... I replied that I was also in London. However, you haven’t been online since then... made me worry so I decided to call... unable to take it any longer."

’From the way she paused amidst each sentence, she probably bit her lips.’

"Oh, that—"

Remembering the scene of him typing what could probably be his last message that night on the plane, informing her that he was in England—

"Been busy since arriving, never had the chance to come online."

Offering the best line he could, he heaved slightly.

Asking about how her mother was, he and all...

"...Is the date still on?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 131: -Out with the Introverted Squad -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

H h h h h h h h h h

Following his talk with Miss Linda, he searched up classic restaurants in London. Eventually choosing one with tranquil surroundings and a secluded VIP booth.

After he was done, Max sent her the time and address.

(*I’ll be there.*)

Staring at her last message, Max released a quick sigh and dropped the phone.

Turning to the bathroom afterwards, he came out a few minutes later with a towel wrapped around his waist.

Turning off the light, he decided against locking the door and laid on the bed.

Staring through the window, the moon was bright outside and there was a subtle cascadence flowing through the window. Somehow easing the impenetrable darkness to a visible extent.

"System—" Max muttered, letting out a small sigh as he pondered about the last Quest the system gave him.

He had his first blow job in England just the morning after he arrived, later that morning he did it with one of his female cousins. In the night he almost had another but she had been acting on alcohol. Sleeping with lost hope, one of his aunts found her way to his bed and they fucked. The next day he scored another with three of his cousin sisters in total, leading to a foursome.

’Barely two days, just two.’ Max repeated, thinking about the next twelve days he had left—’Is it even possible to score them all?’

’Taboo, one incest Taboo already triggered the system into a glitch. Now that I have so many... I wonder.’ Max thought as he fell asleep.

---

The next day—

Click!

’Are they that sexually active?’

Closing the door behind him with a subtle intake of breath, Max thought back to the three mischievous girls who wanted to relive the fantasy of what happened yesterday by inviting him to another ball game.

"I’m busy," he responded.

Fortunately, Blake chipped in and grabbed one of the tickets saying he wanted to go. Seeing they had lost, without being able to refute Blake since it would arouse suspicion, they left for the game.

Currently, Max was alone inside the room with intent on gaming to his heart’s content. However, the moment he turned on his PC, two polite knocks landed on his door and forced him to stand up.

"So, we were going to a game feast and thought you would want to tag along."

Opening the door to see it was Daniel, Ivy’s younger brother, the same age as him. The former didn’t wait for him to breathe before stating the reason he was here.

"Hello..."

Behind him, Noah raised his arm with a casual smile to signify his presence. While Daisy merely glanced up and continued to scroll her phone.

"Let me get my phone—" seeing their lineup, Max turned back without closing the door to bring his phone. Joining them a moment later, they walked through the hallway in silence, an opposite atmosphere to Olivia and co.

Beep! Beep!

Flicking the key, one of the black sedans parked in the garage flashed its rear and they all got in with no question of which of their parents it belonged to.

Noah and Daisy sat in the front seats, leaving the back for him and Daniel, who simply brought out a pod and inserted them in his ears before focusing on his phone.

’What a strange group.’

If Olivia, Ava and Annabelle were Aries, Gemini, and Leo. Then Noah, Daisy and Daniel would be Virgo, Scorpio, Aquarius, and Pisces.

’Definitely my kind of group.’

As the car drove out of Riders’ private estate, the lively city of London came into view later.

After almost thirty minutes, the car pulled up to the curb.

"We’re here," Daniel said, yanking the earbud from his left ear as he pushed the door open.

Max followed suit, squinting his eyes a little as he finally escaped the view of the tinted glass.

They had stopped in front of a modern, glass-fronted building tucked discreetly behind a line of tall hedges with just a single black banner over the doorway with the words "Arcadia — Private Access" etched in blue. Nothing like the public ceremonial gathering he imagined.

Glancing back, he discovered Noah and Daisy were still in the car with no motion of getting out.

"We’ll catch you guys later," Noah called from within the car as he smoothly drove off.

"Sure," Daniel responded in a casual tone, causing Max to glance at him.

"Well... they’ll be back to get us. You don’t need to worry." Sensing his puzzled gaze, Daniel responded with a realizing smile.

Nodding in response, he walked beside the former towards the entrance of the building while adjusting his jacket.

As if reacting to their presence, the heavy brass doors swung open to reveal two youths in masks waving their thumbs up.

Stepping inside, they were presented with soft LED lights that traced the corners of the room. A sleek and dimly lit space, with velvet lounge chairs, a few glowing game stations, and a long marble bar at the back.

The guests — no more than thirty — were scattered in small clusters, drink in hand, chatting or locked in intense face-offs over custom-built gaming tables.

Daniel greeted a couple of familiar faces with nods and fist bumps. Suddenly jovial and active.

Watching from the back as he quietly scanned the room, Max couldn’t help but think if this cousin of his was secretly a gangster.

From the look of things, this was a private gathering to have fun.

’High-end consoles, good drinks... no girls?’

Taking another scan of the youths gathered here, there was indeed no girl. Just as he was about to ponder the strange oddity, Daniel turned towards him.

"Let’s grab a drink first, then hit the booth."

He said as they both walked towards the counter with a guy

serving drinks.

Shortly after that, they went towards a console.

*(Tetris)*

QN: Has anything felt off lately about the book?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 132: -Reunion with Miss Linda -*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Please leave behind the address of your destination, Mr Max."

Unexpectedly, it turned out they had to sign out whenever they were leaving the mansion. Previously he had merely been joining the fray of those going out so he didn’t know these.

Handing him a Tab to type out the address of where he was heading to, the slender lady waited patiently in silence.

(Starlight Restaurant) As coincidental as the name might sound, Max had chosen it to meet up with Miss Linda.

"Here." Handing back the tab to the slender lady, he was about turning when she spoke up again.

"Since you’re going alone- the House offers security personnel." With a reserved and demure grace she gave a quick bow before departing.

’Another unexpected finding?’ Staring at her departing back, Max revealed a thoughtful look.

’Were we followed all those times too?’

The night at the party,ball game and gaming fanfare all earlier in the day, Max imagined an unknown figure driving stealthily enough for them to be clueless.

Shaking his head,he turned, heading towards the garage.

...

Meanwhile, inside a popular restaurant in London. One of its private VIP dining rooms to be precise. A young petite slender lady glanced at her wrist watch.

"Why isn’t he here yet?..."

Her soft voice laced with worry filled the exquisite interior for a moment as the curtains pulled just right after.

Max, who seemed to have heard her drifting worry, appeared with a banquet of flowers in his hands as he entered- halting in his steps with a stunned expression as his eyes admired her eloquent beauty.

Wearing a red one-piece short dress that hugged her slender frame, her eyes lit up through her glasses as she rose on her feet. Stepping forward at the same time, then into his open arms.

Her arms slided around his neck and he welcomed her slender waist after a long time by wrapping it tight in his embrace.

Feeling each other’s close warmth for the moment, they didn’t say a word till her palpating heart calmed down.

"I’ve missed you." Squeezing his neck tighter, her delicate tender voice hung in the air as he pressed her closer with an innocent intention of feeling her tender bosom.

"... I’ve missed you more... my love." Whispering the last part after a deliberate pause in between, he felt her muscles turn tense and imagined her face flushed pink.

He said no word after but waited for her to fully recover before breaking their hug. Pulling her shoulders just enough to catch her eyes, he stared into them till she showed a bit of timidity before pulling her into his embrace to lock their lips into a tight embrace.

Linda showed no resistance but closed her eyes and accepted him with prepared ease at the final moment.

Eloping the tender feeling of her lips, he parted them open and pushed his tongue between, into her mouth.

"Hmmm-"

Grasping her waist tighter as they began a heated battle of tongues, she let an audible breath.

Smooch! Smooch! Smooch!

As the sucking of her succulent lips and tongue echoed in the private room, a rough breath followed till he seemed to have ate her lips to satisfaction.

Smooch!

For the last time, a thin line of saliva connected as they separated and stared into each other’s eyes.

"I love you-" Max directly whispered the word to her face causing her to blush and react by turning her face to the other side.

"... I love you too." He heard her whisper, almost inaudible to hear and smile before seating separately.

After recovering her composure, she smiled at him-

"Here."

Raising the fork, he lifted a piece of steak towards her mouth.

Seeing this, her face flushed even more as she gobsmackingly parted her lips to receive the steak.

Grinning inwardly at her expression, he opened his mouth motioning her to place one in his mouth in a similar manner too.

"Nice." Savoring the rich smoky flavor he commented as he watched her blush even more.

After his little teasing, they got to talk about his exams after she left.

Asking about her mother’s health, he also took the chance to know if she was an only child under the guise of her siblings’ welfare.

"Yes, the surgery was successful, thanks for asking." Revealing a delighted smile, she sipped the glass of wine for the tenth time.

After an awkward silence with nothing to talk about, he moved to her seat which was enough to occupy three people and sat.

Turning to her to see a tint of timid lust hiding in the depth of her pupils, he asked without hesitation.

"Should we do it?" he asked, just to instantly receive a vulnerable quick nod in response as her tensed shoulders relaxed.

Not surprised by her reaction because he already caught a whiff of her arousal since arriving. He moved to deliver her from her endless torture. Who knew how long she had been horny.

Pulling her towards him, he made her sit on his thighs facing him as he locked her lips into a fervent kiss, sensing a lot of her pent up emotions inside being released alongside the lust.

Smooch! Smooch! Smooch!

"Hmmm- hmmmm- hmmmm-!"

As their heavy breath intertwined, responding to his maneuvering ass around her ass and the movement of his hands roaming her thighs- she let out little moans as their heated kiss continued on.

Smooch! Smooch!

"Hmmm- hmmm- hmmm!" As the triggering sound of their heated passion filled the room, Max’s hands found its way beneath his girlfriend, also his teacher’s gown, rubbing her thighs repeatedly as he pulled up the dress afterwards.

Surprisingly, Miss Linda became bold upon seeing that he was letting her take charge over. Hurriedly moving through the heated kiss, she found his belt and began unbuckling it in a hasty manner.

Within a few seconds she was done, and found her way to his rigid shaft and grabbed it.

"Ride me baby girl."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 133: - Reunion with Miss Linda - ***²
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ride me baby girl."

His whisper was like a whisper that shot through her. Triggering her whole body system.

Having unbuckled his belt, she brought out the thick steaming rod by tugging his underwear.

"Hmmm-" Groping her ass, he bit her nipples through the dress since she wore no bra underneath.

"Ahh-" her sharp gasp was a delicate sultry sound to his ears.

"Please... be gentle." After a minute of staggering breathlessness, she completed her statement. The words from her mouth and the movement of her body a stark contrast, as she pressed his face closer for him to grasp more of her small tits through the dress.

Hearing her words though, Max suddenly remembered her nipples were very sensitive.

"Ahhh-" her soft sultry whimpers came again as he stopped sucking and pulled back a little.

Glancing down at his cock in her hand, he slipped one hand to her ass and began pulling the red thong she wore underneath.

In support, she alo raised both of her legs for him to slip off her panty.

Leaving just her dress half raised up her waist. Staring into each other’s eyes...

"You’ll put it in and I’ll handle the rest as you ride." In a way they would both get to experience premium pleasure after a long while, Max directed and she gave a docile nod meeting his eyes.

Encasing her lips, as their heads pressed against each other, he supported her movement as she raised herself to put his cock inside her.

"Hmmm-" a soft gasp travelled down his throat as he locked her lips, slowly guiding her ass as she adjusted to the increased size of his cock.

"Hmmm- hmmm- hmmm-" a vibrating humm travelled down his throat as Max swallowed her gasps. His eyes closed in bliss as he felt the tightness of her squeezing him inside her.

Ascending and descending her waist rocked gently, the quicker she adjusted the more of his length she was able to fit in without feeling pain.

After a minute of kissing as she rode him, Max lowered his head and directed his mouth towards one of the visibly wet spots on her dress. Encasing one her nipples inside his mouth -

"Ahhh!" Her gasp hit me, tightly gripping his hair as her pussy walls squeezed tighter in excitement.

"Ahhh- ahhh- ahhh-." As her erotic gasp filled the room, Max made her take a stop. Still sitting on his thighs with his cock about six inches buried inside her, face flushed.

"Okay, I want you to call me daddy. Any other words you feel like, you don’t need to be reserved."

Just after his words, her look turned relieved, even brightening.

Holding her waist and her ass, they resumed. Latching onto her boobs, a soft erotic whimper escaped her lips. Adjusting to the tempo, she began by slowly riding him.

"Hmmm-" imagining her cutely biting her lips out of hesitation.

"Hmmm- da...ddy " her voice was like a soft whimper that broke a borderline. Calling her student who made her his girlfriend such, her cheeks bleached to a watermelon.

However, that was just the beginning. As they continued words...

"Hmmmm- daddy your cock fills me. Hmmmmm - yesss daddy. My tight pussy is stretched."

Suddenly-

"Ahhh- ahhh- ahhh-!"

Kpa kpa kpa!

Striking faster from below, unable to bear the repeated trigger, he held her waist, still latching to her right breast through her dress and thrusted upward.

"Ahh! Ahh! Ahh!..." As her short repeated moans echoed through the room, and her other tit jiggled,he felt her pussy walls tightened, trying to lock him In-

"Ahhhhhhh!" She momentarily lost grip of the chair, vibrating as her legs clamped tight around him.

At the same time a jolt shot through her, a flood of accumulated nectar streamed out of her pussy, coating his cock that was inside her and through the girth dripped on his trouser.

"Hmmmm-" exhaling once more, she seemed to have recovered and properly nestled into his arm.

However...

"Daa... daddy." A cute soft whimper filled the room as the weakened slender lady felt two strong athletic hands wrap her two arms. Stilling her in place above the boy’s body.

Raising to his feet, Max kept her locked in his arms and placed her on the chair in the same way he has been previously lying.

"Hmmm- daddy."

A soft whimper could be held again.

This time Max freed one of his hands and grabbed his cock as he directed to her dripping entrance. Effortlessly slipping it past both lips until it was entrenched inside.

Showing no sign to break free, she waited till his other arm was around her again.

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!

"Daddy! Ahhh- ahhh- daddy yess yess!"

"Hmmm- putting her in position, Max began a brutal thrusting. Forceful and swift in a pushup style.

Locked in his arm and underneath him, she could only bear the brutal force and moan out loud.

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!

"Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh! Daddy... hmmm... hmmm... hmmm... ahhh,yess."

"I’m cumming... please don’t stop." Orgasm for the second time, just like she requested, Max kept pounding her already feeling his own building up.

Under his ruthless tutelage, his cock suddenly slipped out, causing him to halt and free one of his arm to put it back in.

Smack! He slapped her ass before resuming to lock her in between, pressing her against the furnished seat he pressed down repeatedly.

Miss Linda moaned and moaned, calling him all sorts of names...

"Hmmmm-! Hmm- hmmm." Her short humming vibration was what was left until finally they both couldn’t take it.

"I’m about to cum" Saying the word to know if she was on preventive-

"Cum inside me." She said with a sultry tone, screaming a

fter words as her third climax came.

Unloading the same burden, Max thrusted one last time inside and halted.

"Argh-" releasing a hoarse deep grunt.

QN: Okay might stop updating 2k words and switch to 1.5k

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 134: - End of Reunion -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hmmm-" placing her head on his chest, Miss Linda let out an exhausted sigh and slipped her hand under his chest to feel his abs.

The atmosphere was tranquil, a stark contrast to how it had been a few minutes ago. High pitched moans, loud grunts and clapping of flesh.

The table, draped in velvet linen, was the full set of dishes he ordered. Half eaten and most of it yet to be touched. The simple looking bottle of fine wine but expensive taste barely had anything remaining in it thanks to the docile lady rubbing his abs.

"Ahh- ahh- ahh-" just as they savored the tranquil atmosphere, wrapped in each other’s embrace. A stifled, barely audible moans traversed through the walls and then into their ears.

’Are you kidding me?’

Sensing Miss Linda’s body quake and her palm pressing hard against his abs to ease her embarrassment. They both came to a realization.

The loud moans from earlier, rapid thrust and dirty talks must have been heard by the next private vip rooms on both sides.

Slipping his hand to her ass, he slowly started to grope it.

And as he did, Miss Linda’s tense body curled close to his in embarrassment, relaxed.

Succumbing to the movement of his strong palm, her breathing rate quickened slightly.

"Ahh- ahh- ohh!" Listening to the distant, stifled moans from the next vip room- while slowly groping Miss Linda’s ass... A heavy feeling slowly started to grow between his legs.

Miss Linda, who had been stroking his abs while listening to his heartbeat, slowly came to pause as her eyes zoomed to the rising instrument in between his legs. Watching with fascination as it grew like a pumped cucumber shaped balloon.

"You can suck it if you want." Sensing her hesitation, Max calmly invited her to try it

"Okay-" After what seemed to be a moment of intense battle within herself, she straightened her back a bit and went on her knees, before the veiny manifestation between his legs.

"Argh"

Merely stroking his shaft a few tinew, she bobbed on it by wrapping the plump head with her tongue, quickly coating it in her saliva.

"Hmmmm-" releasing a sultry breath, she placed both of her hands on his mighty warrior and started stroking its girthy length while letting her saliva trail down it.

"Hmmm-" increasing the pace of her stroke, she soon began sucking from the side. Using her lips to trace his veins and causing it to jolt with each tickling sensation it felt.

"Hmmm- hmmm." Adapting to the size of his cock, she swallowed more of him, kissing his ball sack and massaging it without him needing to tell her what to do.

From the look of it, Miss Linda had seen a lot of porn in the recent weeks. Her novice pattern of sucking him continued to improve after she experimented a few styles.

Bending downward to kiss his sack she licked his girth till she was at the tip and then took the plumpy figure head like it was a pop stick.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

Taking him faster inside her mouth, his thick precum began dropping down her chin.

Slurp! Slurp! Slur...

"Argh- wait." Tightly gripping her hair, he motioned for her to stop.

On her knees with cum dripping down her chin, Miss Linda’s new facia looked cute in a certain way.

Pulling out his cock, he stood up while holding her head with one hand.

"Hmm–" letting out a sultry breath, her face flushed but with a deviant glint in her eyes.

Tap! Tap! Tap!

"What a bad girl..."

Beating her chin with his cock, Max smirked.

Grabbing more of her short hair, he teased her by catching the dripping precum with his meat and slapping her cheeks with it.

He repeated the motion a few times till he was sure of the burning desires in her eyes .

Holding up his cock, he flashed it to her eyes this time.

"Tell me... do you want me to stuff it down your throat, filling it till you can no longer breathe? Becoming daddy’s little bitch."

By verbally directing her imagination, the burning lust in her eyes became increasingly clearer with inpatient.

"Ahh- Mmmmm." Roughly pulling her by the hair in a commanding way that would serve as a trigger, he brought his cock close and sealed her lips with it.

Slurp!

Encasing himself in warmth of her mouth, he slowly began to thrust.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

Followed by a sloppy sloshing sound-

"Hmmm- hmmm#$$+"

Slurp!

Holding her by the hair, he slipped cock down her throat, finding it to be extremely tight and slippery before pulling out an instant later.

"Mmmmm- c&#&#-$#." Letting out a series of jagged incomprehensible sounds, his cock filled her throat once more.

"Mmmmm- "

Miss Linda’s face flushed extremely pink and she seemed to be enjoying the extremity.

"#@-#-#&." Gagging her throat, she held onto his thighs for support.

Slurp!

Pulling out his cock-

"Ahhh-" she gasped, striving for breath with every inhalation.

’Nice idea.’

Following his thoughts, Miss Linda let out a soft whimper as he swept her up in his arms and placed her on the seat, facing him.

From her view his rod pointed out coated in saliva and precum as his figure loomed above her in a domineering manner.

Seeing her rest on her elbow, he began the next step by grabbing both of her legs and raising them up like one would pulling a wheelbarrow.

Positioning himself between her legs, he adjusted his grip towards her thighs, toned and smooth to touch.

It took just one miss before he was able to push past her clit and dip the tip inside.

"Ahhh-" gasping as a jolt of pleasure rocked her core.

Being pulled so helplessly by her, her legs in his hand and her elbow barely supporting her back on the seat made her feel good, insanely good in fact.

His domineering thrust and strength to hold her thighs in place while thrusting inside her made her moan with passion.

"Who is your daddy?"

Visualizing the various porn and leaks he watched in his past life, he uttered the same word as he held her in place and fucked her with steady thrust.

Having already peered off the shoulder of her dress loose, he watched her small, potable tits tremble in a sexual manner.

"You- daddy- ahh- ahhh- ahhh."

Max continued thrusting until finally they both reached the peak of their pleasure.

Taking about five minutes to rest after that, he made her climb up his back after noticing how irregular her steps were and carried her to the parking lot.

As they approached the black beauty of a car, she looked stunned over his back seeing both doors automatically open up in accordance to their arrival.

Placing her on the seat, he walked towards the other door and got in.

"Upper brook street." Speaking up in one breath, she told him the address.

Igniting the engine, Max smoothly drove off.

...

The drive stretched in silence with only the soft hum of the engine and the passing glow of streetlights keeping them company until they got to their destination.

The car slowed to a halt by the opposite curb, as a Victorian semi-detached house came into view, its rich grandeur neatly tucked behind a black iron gate with soft garden lights outlining the short path to the front door.

Most of the lights in the house were on, casting warm amber lights that seeped through half-drawn curtains, with dark silhouettes of refined furniture within

The street was quiet, save for the distant rustle of leaves and the hum of a passing cab.

A purple Porsche, midnight blue Range Rover,and a silver Mercedes Benz Coupe were neatly parked before the house, signifying that the owners lived there.

’Definitely more than a well off rich family. They at least own a big company.’

Although he never thought Miss Linda was an ordinary lady or just someone who was employed at Elite Metropolitan because of her academic excellence alone, witnessing such a luxurious line of vehicles made him inwardly sigh.

"Thank you." As the doors rose open, she glanced at him and mouthed a word of appreciation with a cute nod before stepping out before he could reply.

Seeing that she’s turned into her usual nervously shy self, he sighed inwardly before grabbing a hidden special package he bought from the restaurant.

She was about to walk away when she heard his hurried steps and turned to face him with a stunned look.

"Here..."

Arriving just close enough, he stretched out his hand to reveal the slightly wrapped paper bag in his hand.

"... Tacos-Dinner special, it should have cooled off a bit. You can have it."

Watching her speechlessly raise her hand to collect the bag, he smiled and then moved closer, his chin almost above her head and bent slightly to capture her lips.

They both froze in that posture before he finally let go seeing her face all flushed.

"Bye." Holding the bag, she quickly headed towards the gate.

Watching her enter the building, Max grinned as he got into his car.

The drive home was smooth, just as he got into his room and turned on the light, he found a figure lying on his bed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 135: - A sister’s care-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lying on the bed with the sheet tucked over her body,was Evelyn, his sister squeezing one of the pillows close to her chest, asleep.

Appearing a little stunned, Max took a moment to measure her appearance. Droplets of sweat dripped down her forehead despite the atmosphere in the room being a little cold.

’A nightmare?’

Moving closer, he observed the minute movement of her eyelids for a moment before placing his palm on her forehead.

’Comforting is what a good brother would do, isn’t it?’

Shaking his head,he took a moment to take off his shirt, taking a whiff of it before dropping it.

Sitting on the bed, he wrapped one arm around Evelyn and began patting her gently with a steady rhythm to it.

About twenty minutes later the movement of quivering eye leads settled under his watch.

Using about another ten minutes to softly wrestle her hand from his thighs, Max stood up.

"Well... definitely can’t do without this bath." Taking another whiff of his arm, Miss Linda perfume still clung to him mixed with a little bit of sweat from their intercourse.

...

Raising the sheet with a refreshed air around him, Max went under and gladly embraced Evelyn in his arms.

And subconsciously reacting to the new found feel of warmth around her, his sister snuggled closer apparently having conquered whatever nightmare she had previously.

Unceremoniously having their first sleepover in more than a decade.

...

The morning breeze ushered in with a wave of cold to it. Waking up the delicate young beauty in her late teens who had her hands curled around the asleep figure of a youth with brown hair, slightly younger than her at that.

Perching up her upper body, Evelyn rubbed her eyes in a sluggish manner, as she tried to confront her unfamiliar surroundings.

’Where am I?’ she wondered inwardly as her eyes caught sight of the brightening sky through the window. Just so that it was very early in the morning, and the sun was yet to rise in the east.

’huh? What’s that?’

Sensing something poking her thighs, she furrowed her brows softly, sat up properly and squinted her eyes... only for her brain to short circuit a moment later and her groggy state becoming absolutely clear. Memories from last night quickly flooded in.

The sturdy firm surface she had been resting on was her brother’s toned arm. And the poke she felt against her thigh... was from his dick reacting to her presence.

Slowly tilting her neck to the side, was Max, soundly asleep.

Tracing his arm, she saw it wrapped around the sheet over her waist.

"Oh no..." she muttered as her face flushed slightly at the idea of her hugging him so close.

’I should probably leave before he wakes...’ her thoughts acted cautious while her eyes remained on the poking tent against her thigh.

"Isn’t that painful?" She muttered, feeling guilty that she hitched a night of comfort and would leave while he struggled with his erection.

’This isn’t his first time Evelyn... you should go. But...’ The rational part of her wanted her to quickly leave the room and behave like this never happened but the guilty part refused, wanting to repay him back by easing the pain.

’... We’ve done it before so it shouldn’t be a big deal.’ Steeling her resolve, she moved the sheet and got up on her knees on the bed.

Tugging the sheet that covered him away, she nervously pulled the band of his underwear, gulping before pushing it down in one swift motion.

Uncaged. Max cock instantly sprung in a glorious manner. Springing before her face as her cheeks flushed pink.

Blushing at the imagination that it once entered her, she observed it for a moment. Glancing up at his face before caringly grabbing it with her soft palm.

’It’s so hot...’ she thought before arching her waist downward, her head bent as she put in the head inside her mouth like it was a pop stick.

"Hmmm-" slurp!

Sensing the thickness and size increase inside her mouth, she stilled her movement in surprise before continuing.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

Raising the night gown she wore, she brought her tits closer and began to rub his dick in between.

Lying sweetly on the bed, Max face visibly twitched from time to time.

...

"Hmmm- hmmm– hmm– "

’huh?’

Awakened by the repeating slurpy hums and the wet sweet sensation from his groin, Max’s eyes fluttered open.

’What’s going on?’

As this thought rang through his mind, he felt the foam around pressed, gravitating as in a rhythm.

Still confused, he arched his neck a little to see a mass of light brown hair crowning his groin while bubbling up and down.

"Hmm– " listening to the huff breath. Max eyes widened in realization-

"Argh"

Just then, the swell in his balls swiftly rose. Closing his eyes shut, Max released a pleasured groan, swiftly moving his hand to place on the mass of hair and then pressed it down to swallow down the last inch.

"Ahh$_#_+&#" Taken by surprise the person sounded choked and held his thighs to try to pull out. However his hand held on in bliss as he spilled his seed inside her throat.

"Argh-" overwhelmed by pleasure, Max stayed still in that posture as the pair of soft silky palms pressing against his thighs tightened with a painful itch to it.

"Hmm–"

Letting go of the hair, Max failed back on bed, his neck aching from being raised awkwardly.

Following the pleasure release after a goodnight sleep,Max senses also returned.

Taking just a moment to realize why he just did...

’Wait–’ he’d barely sat up when he saw his sister’s strawberry tinted neck and face from the suffocation. Dripping down from the corner of her lips was his cum, not precum.

"Bastard..." cursing him in rage, she hurriedly got up from the bed and skidded towards the door.

Bam!

Before he could say anything, Evelyn banged the door behind her...

"Shit."

The silence in the room endured for a minute or so before Max recovered his thoughts.

Glancing down at his limp brother, covered in his cum and saliva, he smacked his face.

"I swear I thought it was Moogie..." remembering the mature maid, he rubbed his face a few times at the memory of choking his sister with his cock.

Glancing at the window, he saw that the sky was just starting to light up by yellow cascadence.

’Woke up earlier than usual?’

Guessing it was 7 am or the late end of 6. He cleaned his cock with the sheet and adjusted his underwear before getting up.

"I have been skipping my routine lately, maybe I should use this time to gear up."

Taking a look at his toned body muscles, Max began with a stretch of his arms and legs before push ups.

...

Knock! Knock!

Placing two knocks on the mahogany doors, Max silently waited before it. His expression neutral, and his posture composed.

Earlier, right when he was about to head to the dining room. A maid politely approached him, bowing slightly afterwards, she told him that it was his turn to dine with the Matriarch, his grandmother.

Taken by surprise, he reacted with a nod and followed behind her till they arrived before this door.

Click!

A few seconds after, the machination behind the door lock sounded as it was pulled open from behind to reveal a great room that stretched wide with high ceilings and expansive windows. Dressed in cream-colored drapes, it gave a soft glow under the dim chandelier lighting.

Plush, overstuffed sofas in muted jewel tones sat atop a thick Persian rug, arranged around a sleek glass coffee table with gold-plated legs. Against one wall, a polished cherry wood entertainment center housed a massive rear-projection TV, flanked by built-in shelves filled with hardcover books, glass sculptures, and a state-of-the-art stereo system.

A grand fireplace—framed in marble—anchored the room with a quiet sense of prestige. Subtle details like crown molding, a wall-mounted landline with a long cord, and discreet touch-of-brass accents added to the quiet affluence. Everything spoke of money, but not flash—just the confident, classic style of a family who had it figured out in the 50s.

Walking beyond the great room, he was led by Moogie to the balcony that presented a plain view of the grassland beyond.

The balcony was simple, with just a round table and a few exquisite dishes on it. A composed woman in her 50s sat, gently sipping a cup of tea as if unable to notice their presence.

’The Matriarch.’

When she was done, and gracefully placed down the cup of tea, Max bowed slightly for a few seconds before raising his head to meet the pair of cold eyes gazing at him.

"Sit." Nodding for him to sit opposite her, she gracefully picked up the cup and took another sip.

"Let’s talk."

QN: My apologies to the late edit. Imprisoned by procrastination

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 136: - Aunt Raven in bikini, unexpected encounter --
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Let’s talk."

Sitting before the Matriarch, Max kept his face composed and unfaltering before her gaze.

Silence.

As her words weighed over the air between them, neither expressed any emotion expected from a grandmother and grandson sitting before each other.

"Nice, this would be quite simple then."

Gracefully placing her cup of tea on the table, she gave a commendable nod staring into his eyes.

"You should have noticed a few by now..."

"... Yes." Max responded.

"...That in this family we don’t favour male leadership." continuing nonetheless despite his response, she signaled with a flick of her fingers and Moogie who stood a few meters away in professional maid uniform, hurriedly walked forward to politely hand over a Tab to her.

"Max Rider... C Ranked Student. No talent, no fame, no remark... No speciality."

She spoke softly after going through the tab, placing it on the table to stare at him. An expressionless, then interested look settling on her face afterwards like she expected him to give an explanation.

’Well, that’s outdated info, you really disappoint me Grandmother...’

"But-" cutting his thoughts off, he saw her purse her lips into an interesting smile.

"--In barely a month. Became an A Ranked Student. Beat up an SS Elite Student and rose to the highest level of fame that could be possibly made within the whole school... Impressive act son."

Her tone held measured admiration with mixed curiosity. Showing an analytical expression, she appeared to study him for a moment before resting her arms on the armrest of her seat.

"Tell me... what made you act?" Taking a short pause, he felt her gaze on him become serious.

’I can’t possibly tell you I have a System alright.’

Composed, Max responded with some single word after appearing to give it a thought.

"Fun?" He raised his brows in a casual way, causing the Matriarch to reveal a stunned look but instantly masked it with an amused smile with years of experience.

"I have to say... the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree."

She commented, leaving Max confused by her words but didn’t reveal it on his face.

"Too bad."

Suddenly her smile disappeared like it had never been there, replaced by a serious look.

"You’ll make a good offer."

"Since we don’t cherish men that much in this family– a deal will be made with the Castellan family."

Passing the tablet to him, Max silently picked it and turned it upward.

On the screen was a slender looking girl, and tall frame like that of a model. Dressed in a blue armless gown that accentuated her slender curves, she held a designer with a delicate smile.

"What do you say?"

"... No."

Max paused for a moment for decisively shaking his head.

To his words, the Matriarch pursed her lips into a cold smile.

"Ok then, if that is your decision..."

"...I have a better proposal." Max added, cutting her off as he met her eyes.

...

With one last look at the Matriarch’s thoughtful face, Max closed the door behind with genuine satisfaction in his heart.

Instead Of being betrothed to some girl, he rejected but requested for a list of the girls instead before proposing his own deal. In the end he left the Matriarch to her own thoughts.

"That went well."

Walking past the empty hallway with nothing other than the antique paintings and subtly grand view, Max silently tucked his hands in his pocket and continued walking.

Passing by the dining, he found the long table cleared out and empty.

"I didn’t even get to eat."

Turning, he continued walking, in hopes of locating Evelyn’s room.

...

Scanning the rows of wide doors through the hallway. Max was left lost on which room to check considering each of his aunts probably had one occupied.

’Right, I should just text her instead.’ Realizing this would be his first time texting his sister involuntarily, Max shook his head and brought out his phone.

Swiping up the screen, he tapped on the data icon and waited silently for the messages to load.

Zzz Zzz

(Riders...)

30 chats from a single inbox, specifying that it was the Rider group came in.

Olivia, Ivy, Blake, Ava... and Ivy.

Scrolling through their chats, he discovered that they had gone for a shopping spree. Tagging him in one of the pictures they sent.

’Just right, I should take this time and explore the city on my own. Glad by the situation, he chose to explore the Mansion first before heading out.

...

"Glass?"

Barely five minutes into taking several turns into the unknown hallways after the Master’s bedroom, he spotted a warm light spilling through a tall glass door at the far end of the hallway.

Since this was such an old antique of a mansion probably more than a hundred years old, there were rarely signs of modern invitation and accessories in order to maintain the years of prestigious heritage within.

’A balcony?’ moving closer, he discovered that there was a light transparent curtain behind the glass door that obscured the scenery beyond it.

Unable to hold back his curiosity, Max calmly slided the glass door open and was welcomed by a gust of refreshing vibrant air.

Just then, as he instinctively inhaled the nourishing air, his pupils widened...

The edge of the balcony was adorned with big and small vases of beautiful flowers, lush plants that stood like sentries: tall ferns, cascading ivy, and broad-leafed tropicals that swayed gently in the breeze, vibrant with life.

However, these descriptions paled in comparison to the voluptuous, impressive figure resting on the stone balustrading under the warm morning sun.

Seemingly alerted by the push of his entrance, the person turned her head in a jolt of surprise and her hair just happened to be carried by the wind.

Time seemed to still for a moment like it was a romance movie, an experience of first love perhaps.

But no,

Almost two meters in height, his aunt, Raven’s voluptuous body was thick with two big luscious tits caged in the bikini she wore.

Lost for a moment...

"Hey there Nephew." her clear taunting voice woke him up from his dazed.

Seeing him try to regain composure with a cold look, a knowing smile crept up her lips. Turning to a lewd smirk afterwards, she tilted to face him with a daring light in her eyes by presenting the front view of her lascivious figure.

"Sorry... I didn’t mean to."

After a steady pause, Max apologized and turned to leave. It took common sense to realize it wasn’t wise to hang by since she probably wanted to be alone.

"Oh my,you aren’t shying from your aunt’s body are you?"

Holding one hand to her chest, she took one step back in shock and feigned a heart broken expression.

If only she wasn’t holding one of her massive tits with only her nipples hidden by the bikini strap.

’Easy for you to say, isn’t it?’

Thrown into a tight spot, Max felt the corners of his lips twitch as he tried to maintain his composure, while straining his eyes from her tits.

"No. I didn’t mean to."

Seeing that he wasn’t all flustered, her expression showed a playful intrigued look.

"So why did you try to walk away after seeing me?" She asked with a playful smile, expecting a blush to stain his cheeks the next moment.

However, Max subtly inhaled and kept his face neutral.

"I thought you wanted to be alone."

Max spoke frankly, stunning her a little to reveal a speechless look before a grin broke on her face.

"Awwwwnnn, so considerate of you."

"It is true I wanted to be alone, but now that you’re here I prefer your presence more." Holding her hand to her chin with a thoughtful expression, her massive milkers in flower patterned bikini bra subtly trembled with each step.

At the center of the balcony was a yellow colored deck chair and a rustic wooden stool next to it. A bottle of sealed oil, novel and fancy shades were resting on it, making it obvious that she was about to take a sunbath and was appreciating the sun before he came.

"Ok Nephew... I’m quite willful and in a disadvantageous state right... Have you thought of anything you wanted to use your favour for? "

Stretching her arms to both sides as a form of exercise, she spoke with casual fanfare despite exposing more of her supple skin to him.

"Hmm." she breathed slightly after settling down her arms to get his response.

"No." In response, Max used a moment to still his awakening younger brother before giving a negative sideways nod.

"Are you sure?" Placing her hands on her waist, she slowly stretched out her leg and her waist with an intrigued smile on her face while watching his expression.

"I’ll think about it." Already picking hints yet unsure, if she just wanted to tease him. Max showed no clue to what she was hinting at but inwardly battled with his erection.

"Hmmm... I see. Would you like me to owe you two favours then?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137: -Massage -*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Two favours?"

Raising his brows, Max revealed a visible trace of suspicion on his face.

"Yes, two favors. Doesn’t it sound nice?"

Placing both hands on her hips,she asked with a sly smile.

"It does." Max responded with a nod.

"So smart of you... Okay, here’s the catch. Bringing men into the mansion is like a Taboo, other than the likes of you, your father is a rare, special case. You must have wondered while our husbands weren’t here, didn’t you?" halting between her speech, she held his gaze and revealed a sly smile before continuing...

"Usually my husband would massage me when I am sunbathing... so I brought out all these out of habit." She gave a soft shrug, still not getting to the point but smiled once more.

"Offer me a massage for a favor." Naturally a lot of men and business partners would job on such an offer due to her position and wealth or just because of lustful intent.

However, Max’s face remained calm. Furrowing his brows slightly as he appeared to think...

’Well... I’m just a boy and she’s my aunt.’

"Deal." Max said with a curt tone, not shying but appeared to be an incarnation of boldness.

A little bit stunned by his straight face, instead of the shy blush of a teenage youth after being asked by his Aunt to massage her.

In her view Max didn’t play by the script.

’Does that mean he’s quite experienced?’ acknowledging the fact that Max was able to keep calm, she used her shrewdness to deduce that he wasn’t a green horn to such experience but quite a pro.

"You seem to have quite the experience, nephew.’

Casting him a suspicious teasing smile, she promptly lowered and sat on the deck chair.

Adjusting its armrest a bit, she slipped out a hand-band from her wrist and flung her to the side before tying it to a bump. Nestling her intimidating body into the chair, she turned to Max who still were he was and urged him.

"You aren’t chickening out now are you?" Glancing at him with an incredulous expression, her smile turned flirty.

"No."

’I just need to hide my erection well enough so you wouldn’t be able to see it.’ making sure his already hard cock was shifted to the side and raised in a way it wouldn’t be noticed inside his pants, Max confidently walked forward.

"Just rub it all over my skin." Handing him the bottle of oil as he got next to her, she acted nonchalant and picked up the shade, then the novel. Making sure her head was rested properly, she nodded and stretched out one of her arms to him.

"You can start from the arm, less sensitive parts first." her voice sounded neutral and innocent, flipping to the middle page of the book in her hands, she lacked any sign to prove she was flirting.

Silently raising his sleeves, he picked the bottle of fragrant oil and cradled her outstretched delicate supple arm. A skin without blemish.

Uncapping the bottle, Max silently poured a stream of glistening oil along her arm.

Placing down the bottle, he followed the trail with his hands gently grasping her wrist then slowly with a smooth seamless rhythm, crossed down to her elbow- shoulders.

Beholding her glistening skin under the sunlight, the oil catching the light in a soft sheen, Max was able to maintain his composure despite the unrestrained fella raging to be unleashed under the sensual effect.

Repeating the same sensual motion twice, on the third slide he clamped his thumbs and fingers around her shoulder joint, grasping then released the muscles like a seasoned masseur.

"Hmmmm-" quivering a little at the feeling of his touch clasping her shoulder joint, his Aunt, Raven was jolted from her seemingly calm facade with a book in hand, forcing out an audible slow exhale, warm hint of pleasure in her breath.

"... You’re really good at this- much better than my husband even." Struggling to say under her exhaling breath, and half closed eyes enough to catch a view of his composed face.

’Takes a lot of mastery.’ Towards he smiled inwardly with the remembrance of a particular sex toy he had in his previous life.

"I know." Neither shy from her compliment, Max gave her a response that made her take off her shade to look at him.

"Quite undeterred aren’t yo- mmmm" shunned by the flash of bliss of his palm gliding across her skin with aromatic oil, then flexing her joints. Her body momentarily succumbed to a feeling of helplessness.

"Hmm– " exhaling lightly with half closed eyes, Max held moved to her other hand. Easily slipping away the novel from her hand,he poured out the stream of fragrant oil down her arm. Following with the same procedure, he released and clasped her muscles at several suspected acupoints, then followed by a stimulating rub.

"Hmmm-" releasing a loud gasp this time, and subtle shudder running form her spine. Aunt Raven jolted her shoulders.

His hands moved to her upper back, hovering just above the bikini straps. Max began with slow, firm pressure, his thumbs drawing circles on either side of her spine.

The tension in her trapezius muscles was immediate—tight knots that softened gradually under his attention.

"Ahhh-" gasping sharply, Raven’s mouth hung in the air for a moment, her eyelids trembled slightly as her eyes rolled to the back.

"Ohhhhhh, you’re such a great masseur Max."

Catching her breath as he eased the movement of his hands, she placed both hands on her tummy and stared upward at his face.

With her voluptuous lying so relaxed on her chest, Max found it quite a bit of trouble not to stare. His dick had also slipped out of the position he kept it, nodding furiously against his pants.

If his Aunt, Raven stood up she would surely see the bulging tent in his pants.

"... Tell me, you haven’t lived with any of us, your Aunt’s before right?"

"Hmmm-" to her words, Max nodded while appearing to be focused on her spreading the oil around her shoulders.

"Hmmmm– how about coming to stay over at my home for a few months. I’ll be in charge of your transfer."

Grinning as she said these words, she closed her eyes halfway in pleasure.

"I don’t have a decision over that, you should speak to my dad instead." Max said.

"Right, that Buffon is indeed your... is your father- my bad almost slipped there." Obviously teasing him, she nestled her shoulders closer to the feeling of his hands.

"Hmmm- why are you holding back? You can go lower than that, no issues."

Just then, she removed his hands and placed them directly on her massive tits in a bikini bra.

’This...’

His hands placed upon the soft supple elastic wonder, caused Max turn feel shock as the atmosphere under the morning sun turned frigid cold.

"Not so bold anymore are you?"

"- turns out your composure isn’t so unbreakable."

"If I didn’t see you peek at our tits when we asked you if you were willing to use our favor for anything, then I would have been misguided about the true you..."

"How about this— I overhead Olivia and the girls discussing about his you fucked them. Those three girls, always bickering aren’t the ideal types of cousins to fuck and expect it to be a secret..."

"Oh Max... were you that good, I am really curious about something you see– ahh!"

’Fuck it.’

Hearing her spew almost all his secret adventures, Max didn’t care.

Folding both of her tits at the same time, an erotic gasp escaped her lips, interrupting the smug lew grin on her cheeks.

"Right, that Buffon is indeed your... is your father- my bad almost slipped there." Obviously teasing him, she nestled her shoulders closer to the feeling of his hands.

"Hmmm- why are you holding back? You can go lower than that, no issues."

Just then, she removed his hands and placed them directly on her massive tits in a bikini bra.

’This...’

His hands placed upon the soft supple elastic wonder, caused Max to feel shock as the atmosphere under the morning sun turned frigid cold.

"Not so bold anymore are you?"

"- turns out your composure isn’t so unbreakable."

"If I didn’t see you peek at our tits when we asked you if you were willing to use our favor for anything, then I would have been misguided about the true you..."

"How about this— I overhead Olivia and the girls discussing about his you fucked them. Those three girls, always bickering aren’t the ideal types of cousins to fuck and expect it to be a secret..."

"Oh Max... were you that good, I am really curious about something you see– ahh!"

’Fuck it.’

Hearing her spew almost all his secret adventures, Max didn’t care.

Folding both of her tits at the same time, an erotic gasp escaped her lips, interrupting the smug lew grin on her cheeks.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 138: -Massaging Aunt Raven -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hmmm- just the perfect spot."

Snuggling into the deck chair, her hands tightly gripping the armrest in elation, Aunt Raven surprisingly had a thick skin. Despite having moaned out earlier, she closed her eyes like it never happened . Letting out a satisfied breath each time he smoothened the skin of her chest.

Pouring the fragrant oil on his palms, Max let it drip on her chest.

Watching it slide down towards her voluptuous tities in bikini bra, he waited for a few moments before following the trail.

Starting from the less supple part, her upper chest, close to the shoulder. He imbued his palm with slight force, and began tracing her skin in a smooth steady manner.

"Hmmmm- yessss" inhaling a large amount of air, Aunt Raven’s tummy contrasted as she tried squeezing out a breath from the intense tingling sensation the warmth of his palm gave her.

Not stopping, Max continued to slide down, already feeling the supple elasticity of her breasts and his Aunt’s breath increasing to an exaggerated level.

"---- Ahhhhh..." soon after, her inhalation turned to a gasp, her eyelids visibly shuddering and half closed while her grip on the armrest tightened. Bliss.

Having chosen not to hold back, Max slipped his hands to both sides of her massive milkers, then snaked underneath them. Gliding the oil under, he perfectly weighed her tits by cupping them in his palm.

Not only were they heavy, his hands couldn’t contain them. Instead they became suffocated in their massive size and softness.

Grabbing both tities from below, he clamped his palms tight around both molds and glided through the formless elasticity with his oiled palms.

"Ahhh!" In reaction, Aunt Raven gasped sharply and seemed to grind her teeth to ease the pleasure.

Still gripping the armrest, she squirmed and shuddered as he had his way with her boobs.

Extending the reach of his oiled palms in fragrant oil, Max made sure her breast was oiled and skin glistening under the sunlight.

Suppressing the tormenting pain in his pants, he absorbed himself in the feeling of tenderness of massaging both breasts other than the area strapped under the bikini.

This act went on for a few minutes or so until the big build woman seemed unable to take it any longer.

In her mind, she kept screaming that he was too good. Her late sister’s son’s boobs massaging skill was several degrees higher than his hands sweeping her arms and shoulders. Not only was the bliss great, but the stimulation was to a triggering extent, clamping her legs tight, the area between had turned insanely wet.

The feel of his palm massaging her breasts with smooth ease, knowing when exactly to squeeze and gold from the side and underneath turned her whole body into a melting candle.

No longer able to take it, she answered to the calling itchiness of her maltreated nipples under the strap of her bra.

"Hmmmm- you can take off the strap n- hmmmm."

About to avoid the straps as usual, breaking the rhythm of her moans, Max suddenly heard her voice.

Halting his actions on her glistening tits, he decided to speak.

"Sure?" He asked for confirmation since there would be no turning back at this point.

"Hmmm- yesss." Squeezing out these words, she shuddered and opened her mouth.

"Ahhhhhhh!’ a louder gasp escaped her lips as she felt Max’s hand inside, underneath her bikini, his fingers wrapping around her big nipples as he gave them a tight squeeze.

"Hmmmm-" a pleasurable jolt travelled down her spine, causing her to shudder in bliss.

Steadying his focus after her jolt, Max used his oiled fingers to rub her areola. Stroking her nipples softly,he then squeezed them a bit.

Gasping in pleasure, Aunt Raven bit her lips tight to ease the gasp that would escape her throat from the pleasure.

Rubbing and squeezing at the same time, Max repeatedly cupped her tits in his palm and massaged them while she squirmed in pleasure.

"Ahh ahh ahh ahh." Gasping out softly not a shout, her chest heaved in a rhythm under his touch.

Adjusting her posture- she resumed to bite her lips, closing her eyes and breathing erotically, a smooth change with gasp and hiss.

This was because Max had lessened his assault on her nipples, slowly cupping and massaging her milkers.

Biting her lips sexily, she glanced up at this upper body directly above her head, with sweat streaking down his forehead.

"Ahhh, you can do better than- ahhh– my nipples itch." Subtly jolting in pleasure, she released her grip on the armrest and raised her hand to hold his chin, causing him to pause and stare down at.

Somehow their inverted position made Max realize how close he was to having a 69. Currently, the heads of both figures ’69’ were facing each other.

"... How about you come... suck them." Holding his chin as they stared into each other’s eyes, she motioned seductively by raising her breasts.

"Hmmmm-." Letting out an erotic breath to tease him. Max saw this and no longer hesitated, promptly letting go of her tits, he came to her side and knelt on one knee with just enough height that made sucking her tits comfortable.

Without waiting for a go ahead, he completely took off her bikini strap and was presented with her massive milkers with big nipples as a symbol of childbirth.

"Hold up, not that quick- Ahhhhh." Seeing Max so brazen, she wanted to block her nipples with both hands however Max already latched onto one of them.

Like a ravenous beast, after almost thirty minutes of just staring and massaging them, he was finally going to feel them inside his throat.

Inhaling the fragrant oil, he bites in, taking the largest he could of her supple bouncing flesh in one swoop.

Not lagging behind, his other hand already moved swiftly and grabbed the other tit. Pressing it rigorously, he massaged and pitched the nipple with enough force to leave Aunt Raven spineless for a moment. Succumbing to the blissful feeling.

"Ahhhh hhh hh h..." she inhaled till she could no longer.

Turning helpless, she could only let out gratified moans as he rigorously and ravenously manhandled her tits.

No longer able to bear the wants between her legs...

"Ahhh-" she gasped. Just as he went on fondling her other milkers, her soft cool palm grasped his hand tight, stopping it from fondling her tit. However, in contradiction to his thought. She swiftly lowered his arm in a haste towards her lower region, slightly spreading her legs, she directed his hand, forcibly slipping under the pants while arching up her waist with slurred breath.

Needing no further direction, Max knew what she wanted and that she was already on the edge.

"Ahhhhh!" The instant he slipped past both petals, inserting one of his fingers inside her insanely wet cunt. Aunt Raven’s grip on his wrist tightened, jolting upward like a woman in childbirth with almost white pupils.

"Ahh! Ahh! Ahhh! Ahh!..." Following each thrust from his fingers, Aunt Raven jolted like she was experiencing electrical shock, her mouth hanging open as she tried to force his finger deeper inside.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!" swiftly jerking his finger inside her, his mouth latched to her boobs , sucking her nipples with intent to milk then, Aunt Raven’s moan turned sharp. Her legs began spasming and eyes turned white following her moans.

Not pausing or stopping, Max increased the pace of his finger.

Until finally, she came to an abrupt silence, brought to the peak of intimacy of pleasure by her late sister’s son... her legs widened and she quickly forced her hand to move in trance. Shifting her panties to the side, Max felt the walls of pussy unexpectedly loosen and his finger slipped out, pushed out by an unknown force.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!" His Aunt’s moan resumed again but this time with extreme gratification and bulging eyes like a pregnant woman in labor like she was expecting something.

"- yesssssssss!"

Before Max could realize what was actually going on...

’What the fuck?’

’She peed, she actually peed?’

Max felt that the view was incredulous. Watching the stream of pure liquid shoot out.

However, staring intently at it, he realized it wasn’t actually pee but squirt.

’Squirt?’ witnessing the incredulous sight, Max stared at the long stream of liquid gushing from between his Aunt’s legs.

"Ahhhh- yessss." Seeming to have recovered from her trance state she began stroking and rubbing her clitoris as more of the liquid gushed out.

’My...’ for the next thirty seconds or so Max kept his eyes glued to a stream of liquid. Feeling genuinely curious about it, he moved to stroke and rub it.

"Yesss- yesss- yesss Max! Fucking good."

Unexpectedly Aunt Raven began shouting dirty words with extreme pleasure on her face till she stopped squirting.

"Mmmmmmmmm" letting out a satisfied breath, she finally collapsed on the deck chair.

QN: Apologies for the previous Chapter!

H h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 139: - Extreme Massage by Aunt -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oh my, did I give you such a bonne?"

Just as she stood up, quickly grabbing a thick towel that she had left on one of the plants. She turned and her eyes widened, before a bright smile wrapped her lips.

It was like she couldn’t believe it and used a moment to admire the tent inside his pants. Casting a glance at her nude body, tits hanging bare and wet panty between her legs.

"Here I thought I was getting old already." Slipping off her shades, she met Max’s silent eyes. Burning with restraint, it took every better of him not to pounce on her in the beastial way envisioned in his head.

Supple massive tits with soft elastic tenacity hanging down as their nipples called out to him.

’Fuck it?’

The main reason he wasn’t approaching her was because of the pain generated from cock.

Satisfied that he was having a boner because of her, Aunt Raven dropped her towel and came closer. Slightly taller than him, her tits directly faced his face.

"Let’s take off your clothes first. It would be nice to begin with a massage." Though she didn’t explicitly state it, she confirmed that they were going to have sex.

Without another word, Max instantly switched to unbuckle his belt. Just when he released the iron clip, Aunt Raven seemed impatient and tugged up his shirt. Pulling it afterwards, she flipped it over. Her hands froze for a moment as she took in the sight of UN packs and biceps

"So sexy hot." She uttered under her breath, resuming to flip the shirt over.

A moment later Max was left in nothing but underwear just like his Aunt’s.

Talking about his Aunt, she had her eyes glued to his trunk. Tracing the blobbing shape of his cock through it.

"Such a big cock." Openly admitting, she raised her head to stare at his face.

"Sit." Demonstrating for him to sit on the deck chair, her smile lighted up as he did.

Grabbing the bottle of oil, she poured a handful of it on her palm. Dropping it, she then briefly rubbed both palms together. And moved to straddled his hips, the heat from her pussy so close made his cock throb like it was taking a whiff of the air.

Showing surprising mastery, Max quickly realized that even if her husband wasn’t around as she claimed, she was still going to rub and massage herself with the oil if he wasn’t there.

Softly placing her palms on his chest, she pressed slow with fluid motion. Gliding over the curve of his pectorals towards the dip between his collarbones, then the line that led down to the center of his torso.

As her silk soft palms roamed his skin in a striking but steady manner, many of his nerves eased. The unbearable pain from his pants also subsided a bit but never softening. Instead he felt further aroused but was able to restrain it by focusing on the movement of her palms over his abs and muscles.

"Mmmmm-" letting out a soft breath of relief, Max very much enjoyed the feeling of her palms. However as the seconds ticked, she lowered, and lowered the area of her activity to his groin area. Tugging the band of his tight trunk each time until finally his eyes shot wide open.

"Argh!" A thick grunt escaped his throat, becoming the one who now has to grip the armrest tight to prevent grunting out loud.

Having already tucked down his trunk to his thighs- Aunt Raven’s smoke turned smutty as her palm scaled the base and slowly began to slide up, wrapping every vein and every patch of skin in fragrance oil.

And when she reached the tip, Max’s eyelids trembled.

’It fucking tickles.’ However, managing tonl hold his breath, he resumed to open his eyes as she slid downward.

"Yeah- it tickles doesn’t it. I’m surprised you didn’t hold back my hand."

Seeing her smutty smile, there was a vengeful tinge to her voice seeing him so absorbed in the first stroke she gave him.

"My Nephew is so big. Rivaling my husband at such a young age is very impressive, you know?" Grinning as she said these words, her voice pitched mentioning her husband.

However, Max wasn’t affected, his focus was on her deepthroating him soon enough and getting his seeds splattered on her tits.

"Do you like this? Or like this? Maybe this ?" Stroking his cock with her oiled palms, she took a different exaggerated position. Even turning over for him to see her wet panty.

"Hmmmm-" amidst all these, Max found out that his thrill and excitement were much higher than usual. The pleasure that didn’t come as easy had a wonderful feel to it.

"Tell me Max, which of your other Aunties do you want to fuck, other than me?" Taking a look of interest on her face, she kept on stroking his cock, making sure his balls were also included in the massage.

Hearing her question, Max found himself willing to answer such questions under the stimulating atmosphere, mixed with the sound of her strokes.

Taking a look at his cock in her hands with precum spilling over it.

"All of you." Max responded after being silent for so long.

"Eh, the girls too?" Her naughty smile broadened.

"Hmmm-" Max responded with a nod.

"Ivy, Daisy... Evelyn? Are remaining Or have you fucked your sister too?"

Hearing her, Max pretended like he didn’t, focusing on the feeling of her stroke.

Three minutes and he was yet to spew his seeds.

"Not giving up are you." Staring helplessly at his glistening rod under the sunlight, a hint of frustration and surprise appeared in her eyes.

"Your husband is such a quitter then." using the moment to strike back for her previous attempt to taunt him, Max silently met her frozen expression.

"I see, do that’s the play huh?" The smile on her lips turned cunning with teasing naughtiness.

Bringing up her tits with one arm, she poured the fragrant oil on them and began self massage. Throwing him a sly smile as she did...

...

Watching her spread the oil over her tits, lubricating every nook and cranny of it. His dick pulsated and jerked slightly at the sight.

After what seemed like eternity she promptly stood and her massive tits with pale pink nipples jiggled. Smiling at him, she knelt on the deck chair, between his legs.

Just when he thought the latter would collapse, it showed a surprising tenacity bearing their weight.

"You like them don’t you, a boob lover."

Flaunting her massive tits while halfway straddling him, she lowered herself till her tits had his cock buried between them.

Realizing what she wanted to do...

"Argh" Max groaned, huffing with thick breath, he gripped the armrest with enough force to almost snap it.

"Argh!"

’Lush, tender, plump, bouncy, elastic and soft.’ enraptured by the feeling of her massive milkers coating his cock in their warm smooth embrace, happily bouncing, Max mind registered every sensational detail produced by the feeling of her wonderful tits massage.

"You love them don’t you?" Raising and slamming down her breasts, with his cock obscured in-between. She monitored the varying change of his expression, quickening her actions of rubbing and squeezing his cock.

"Hmmm-" Max breathed, nodding without a verbal answer. Soon he succumbed to the swell in his balls. And at the same time it felt the gate of fantasy open to welcome him.

Fulfilling the imagination and dream of countless others before him, Max slumped on the deck chair.

Having sensed his ’cumming’ beforehand and accelerated the movement of her breasts further, he saw his Aunt smile from the corner of his eyes. His seeds shot out, splattering her face with his seeds. Eyes, nose, mouth, chin, none were spared. Grabbing hold of his dick, she directed the remaining shots to her breasts, swiftly stroking him.

"Argh-" grunting, with a quivering breath as her cool palm enveloped him, Max shot out an extra wave of his semen.

"My, see what you’ve done, splattering your seeds all over your Aunt’s face and tits. What a bad nephew." her teasing voice rang in his ears. If his eyes were open as of the moment then he would see the victorious smile curling up her lips.

Relishing what was left of the pleasure, Max closed his eyes to catch his breath.

...

"Hmm– Hmmm- Hmmm"

Cool and warm, Max felt her tongue twirl and sweep his limp brother. Sucking him, she licked him like a pop stick. Huffing as she did.

In the time it took to boil a cup of tea, Max’s little brother began to resurrect. Regaining tenacity, thickness and length.

"Hmmm-" breathing with satisfaction as she sucked his cock, her head bobbing up and down, she paused and took it out of her mouth. Admiring its redeemed Glory, her smile turned more sly and suspicious.

"You know... there’s something my husband would have done better... Do you want to try it?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 140: - First Anal-***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You know... there’s something my husband would have done better... Do you want to try it?"

Just after saying this, as if to prove her point, Aunt Raven stood up.

Turning her back against him-

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!

She flapped her ass and tits at the same time, her skin trembling on a quantum level.

Thick and striking, she continued flapping for the next ten seconds. A seductive naughty on her lips as she watched his dazed look.

’Finally... I have witnessed it, watching it live truly feels awesome than watching it through a film.’

’Premium top milf.’ Max thought as he watched and monitored the vibration in a daze.

’Come to think of it, she hasn’t really stated what she wants or what her husband would do better.’ Watching her ass quake, a glint of enlightenment flashed through Max’s eyes.

Twisting her waist while teasing him with her ass, she grabbed the fragrant oil.

’Anal?’ the only word that rang in his head as she hinted for him to get up.

Doing just as she hinted, Max stood up with his cock, straight and hardened to the fullest extent.

Veins traced his heavy meat as he held it up while watching his Aunt go on all fours on the deck chair.

Stretching out her hand which held the bottle of oil, Max took it from her.

"Have you tried anal before?" Tilting back her head in forced manner, an amused smile on her face at his first stomped, speechless expression, she splitted the center of her ass to reveal the pale pink squeezed hole that wasn’t her pussy.

"Hmmm-" choosing to be honest rather, Max hummed with a negative nod while keeping his eyes still on her ass with an imaginative construct of how to deliver the first thrust.

"Your Aunt would happily teach you then." Feeling excited by his response about her going to be his first anal, she wriggled her ass at him for a moment before taking calm to direct him.

"Right, check by the Lily flower vase over there, there’s a condom hidden there for emergencies like this."

Stunned, Max traced the direction of her fingers towards one of the flower vases amongst the other plants. Walking towards it, he shifted it slightly and indeed found a packet of premium condoms laying there squeezed.

Picking it up, he handed it over to his Aunt who was already on her knees.

Grabbing hold of his girth, popping him down her throat, the succulent texture of her lips coating his shaft in saliva before her tongue licked him clean.

"There you go." Admiring his cock a bit, she held the edge of the condom packet and tore it off.

There, she drew out a glistening small foil made from latex. Holding his cock with one hand, she placed the cap of the foil over the plump head. Watching it extend, his tip went inside, and a soft band rounded his meat. Sliding the band the coverage of the glistening latex extended smoothly and easily. Soon his mighty size had a thin rubber frame covering it.

"Hmmmm-" shaking his cock, she brought it to her nose, whiffing the scent of the latex rubber before letting go and resumed to prostrate. Her ass protruding and her chest pressed against the deck chair.

"Pour it over the hole and then gently slide it in." Wringing her ass, she closed her eyes shut ready to embrace his insertion.

However, staring at her thick plump rear. Max poured the oil on the hole as instructed, then moved to pour it on her ass cheeks. Placing the bottle by the side, to her surprise, he began to massage her ass.

"Hmmm-" enjoying the feel of his hands grabbing her ass and squeezing them, she let out blissful erotic moans, especially when he traced the line between her ass hole with his fingers. Carrying out the act for a minute or so, Max finally paused. Tightening his grip of her soft plump ass, he moved with resolution and brought his condom worn penis close to the center of her ass, directly right above the hole.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!" Though she had embraced the impact, by thinking since her husband in truth was a inch lesser than Max in length and size, she would be able to bear it. However, Max’s pulsating head alone felt incredibly big piercing her ass hole. Pain and pleasure skyrocketed through her body in an instant.

Holding onto the deck chair by affirming her stance on it, she quivered, being pressed each seconds as Max’s cock slided in.

’What kind of feeling is this?’

At first it felt like he was going against the world, pushing and forcing his way past the forbidden gate. Thanks to the earlier oil and latex rubber covering his dick, he was able slightly ease the pressure, turning it into utter bliss.

"Arrrgh!" Not holding back, Max grunted out loud from the extreme pleasure.

Inhaling a mouthful of hair, still gripping her ass tight. Aunt Raven shuddered in pleasure under him.

"Yesss-" she manages to squeeze out from her ecstasy of bliss and slight pain.

"Ahhhhhhh!" By thrusting the reminder of his inches inside she shook and trembled, making the deck chair quake.

"Ahhhhhhh!"

"Ahhhhhhh!"

"Ahhhhhhh!"

Thrusting past the pulsating tightness of her ass hole, Max squeezed her ass tight and relished the pleasure from it.

At this moment both of them felt nothing but immense pleasure, however there was a hindrance to this, the deck chair. Each time it quaked from his thrust, he made the two of them feel afraid of a bad landing if it broke.

"Ahhhhhhh!" Thrusting inside her once more, as their veins coursed with pleasure, Max quickly slipped out his cock from her ass and she slumped weakly on the deck chair from the jolt of pleasure.

"The balustrades." Pointing at the edge of the balcony, Max hinted at what he wanted to do. Pulling her up to her unsteady feets, he swept her ups in arms and walked over to the stone balustrades.

"What a gentleman." Yelping at first, she balanced in his arms as the heat of their bodies sent warmth through each other.

A nude Aunt carried by her nude nephew about to fuck the hell out of her while expanding her ass hole enough for her so called husband to know the territory had been expanded by someone else.

This was Max’s hidden intention.

Slipping out of his arms to stand on her feets. She placed both hands on the balustrades, holding onto it with her ass cheeks tempting him to smack them.

Not speaking a word, he brought his cock close and slowly inserted it inside her. Measuring each of his movements, he saw her grip on the balustrades tightened and eventually relaxed after he buried every inch inside her.

"Mmmmm... so big, do you want to tear your dear Aunt’s anus?" Raising up her head as she savoured the bliss of him piercing inside her from behind, she huffed.

"Ahhh- ahhh yesss- hmmmm. Slowl- ahhh- yess, slowl,- ahhh yess." Her expression switched between that of pain and lust filled ecstasy. Drawing her sanity in the mud of pleasure, her whole body quaked as Max entered and exited. Bouncing tits produced a low clap as it collided with the balustrades.

"Faste- harde- ahhh- yee-" each of Max thrust inside her anus left her unable to complete a word. Her hands were starting to ache from withstanding his brute thrust.

Watching his Aunt’s tits jiggle from behind under his thrusts, Max couldn’t resist them. Pouring the oil over her anus following his penetration, he poured them on his hands and hunched slightly to grab her tits. Fondling them as he banged her.

"Ahh- ahhh- ahhh..." her but short moans filled the balcony following his every thrust.

At some point she began rubbing her pussy, inserting her fingers as a second form of penetration.

"Ahhh- yesss- yesss Yess"

As their intercourse continued Max got to know how athletic his Aunt still was.

She shifted slightly and placed one of her legs on the balustrades while also humping her ass to meet his thrusts.

When he thought that was all, she began squirting and the pressure he felt from thrusting inside her anus skyrocketed. Almost crushing his rod, if it wasn’t so tenacious.

"I’m cumming." Seeing her body was all tense from the pleasure, he hesitated about quickening hus thrusts to fasten his own release.

However-

"Fuck me harder! Ruin me like your bitch and personal slut." Aunt Raven raised one of his hands holding her ass cheeks and laid it on her head, folding his fingers in-between as a sign for him to draw her.

Not thinking much about it, Max only thought she was expecting another climax and revealed her inner most desires.

By holding her hair, he didn’t hesitate or show mercy. Instead he ruthlessly slammed into her anus, causing every supple extra large fat on her body to tremble.

"Arrrrgh! Fuck!" Exhaling one last time, he didn’t release his seed inside her but the condom he was wearing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 141: -Caught?-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Above, a rose-blush ceiling bloomed with plaster vines.

A chandelier trembled with prisms.

Cherubs slept in the corners.

A desk by the window held a book, a pearl, and a pressed flower.

Lace curtained the bed.

The atmosphere within the room was harmonious and tranquil. However at this moment, a delicate female voice laced with utmost satisfaction broke it.

"That was so nice Max." Aunt Raven said, as she moved closer to rest her massive tits on his chest. Lying on the bed,his arm curled around her waist under the sheet, as they both stared at the grand chandelier hanging on the ornamental ceiling.

"Was it?" Speaking absent minded, Max responded, lost in thought, or rather his mind recapping all that had happened starting from when he left the Matriarch’s room earlier.

His encounter with Aunt Raven was as unexpected as it could be. Owing him a favor in exchange for his massage which ended with her squirting. She chose to massage him, suffocating his cock between her bosoms till he cummed. She sucked him to life and wore a rubber over him to piece her ass hole. Following that, he experienced his first anal fuck. When he came again, he was led by his Aunt towards her room in just their underwear. Being dragged by his cock along the Hallway was pretty much awkward. However, compared to what awaited him when they got to her room, the price was too little.

Using just one finger to push him, he fell flat on the bed and she got up above him to suck him. Following her slutty move, she gave him a blissful cowgirl ride. When she was done, he got above her, fervently sucking her tits, he spread open her legs for a missionary style.

In total they were together for more than three hours, with non stop sex and still counting. Cuddling as of the moment like two lovers without shying from the warmth of their skins, she traced her fingers down to his abs.

"You fuck so good, filling your Aunt’s mind with nothing than image of your big Cock-"

Knock! Knock! Knock!

Interrupting her words, two precise knocks sounded on the word, instantly drawing their attention.

’Fuck!’ Max cursed inwardly, as several soap opera drama scenarios flashed in his head, his eyes darting for a place to dive between.

"Shit, they are back. You don’t need to worry, I’ve got this."

Unlike him, Aunt Raven seemed accustomed to such a scenario. Having repeatedly escaped being caught in action with her husband by her children, she pressed him close to her massive tits, quickly scattering the pillows around her;she used the thick duvet to cover both of their nude bodies. Clamping the sheet under her armpit, only her bare shoulders were revealed, implying at the same time that she wasn’t wearing any bra.

To further dismiss the outline of the other body she made one foot visible and sat up the other leg to create a tent under the sheet. Quickly grabbing the novel by the side, before the click came from the door, Max slipped his hands out and grabbed their clothes dropped by the bed, pulling it under the sheet.

Click!

The door opened. Max heard two gentle pairs of footsteps work into the room.

"Oh my, you guys came earlier than I was expecting. So did you get the samples?"

Unexpectedly, her tone turned slightly formal.

’Speaking about an irrelevant topic maybe?’ Max thought while he felt one of her nipples pressed against his eye.

"Hmmm- Yes, they were indeed good, camouflaging your recipes into theirs. Here, we brought some for you to try."

After a slightly suspicious ’humm’ a calm cool voice spoke with experience like a subordinate reporting to a boss. From the tone, Max recognized the voice to be Noah’s.

’He came in with Daisy? What are they talking about?’

’Fuck, shouldn’t I grab her tities and see how she would react.’

"Nice wo- hmmmm-"

The sharp inhalation of their mother caused both siblings to react by moving closer to check her out.

Interrupted halfway by the feeling of Max’s lips and tongue latching to her nipple, Aunt Raven quickly bit her lips, using her decades of experience to suppress the pink flush that was supposed to appear on her face by clenching one of her hands into a fist. Raising the other as a form of stop towards her two children, she forced out a smile with a pale face.

"Just period cramps, I’ll handle this myself, you kids can go out, we’ll discuss your findings later."

Hearing their mother’s words, both Noah and Daisy didn’t appear the slightest bit suspicious of their mom. Due to her usually crazy open behavior most of the time, it wasn’t the first time she was sending them out of the room either.

"Okay." Nodding, as they both turned, their departing steps reached Max’s ears, following the click of the door closing.

’Okay that was especially thrilling.’

Just as he had these thoughts, the duvet was pulled from over his head, then his body completely.

"You scoundrel, how devious of you to try to expose me before my children." Aunt Raven’s face flushed, though she appeared to berate him, she pressed his face closer to get tits, technically feeding it to him.

"Hmmmm-" she breathed erotically, closing her eyes shut.

However...

"Ahhh!"

Pulling away her hands from the hid hair, Max forcefully pressed them against the bed and got onto her.

"Aish, what a lustful little bastard. Straddling your helpless Aunt are you..." pausing, her eyes settled on her tummy, or rather the semi hard manhood resting on it.

"Youth sure is the peak of life."

She smiled genuinely, however before she could try to overpower him, Max effortlessly rolled from her body, off the bed and grabbed his clothes.

"My sister is back."

Stating the reason for his actions, Max quickly buckled his pants, obscuring the view his Aunt had been dazed by.

"Nice, are you really that active though. A blowjob to calm that erection before you go?"

"Later?"

Putting on his shoes, Max straightened his jacket and walked out, appearing slightly hurried.

...

Out in the hallway of the Riders Mansion—Master Bedroom Wing.

Two figures moved in quiet steps beneath high, shadowed ceilings.

One was a curvaceous woman with hefty gifts, blessed with big tits and a big ass that swung to the side with each of her steps. She had long pink hair that draped loose behind her. She was dressed in sweatpants and a baggy shirt that framed her big nipples.

By her side was a lesser version of herself, extremely good looking but with long black hair. She was dressed as such who had just gone out to flaunt her graceful figure, evident by the branded bag of goodies she was holding.

"I’ll file it to you when you’re done. But before that..." Raising the bridge of her glasses, the pink haired woman spoke, only to half as her eyes drifted to an opening door along the Hallway...

Following the direction of her mother’s eyes, Ivy also appeared speechless by the sight.

’Why didn’t the stupid system bestow me with a vanishing ability too.’

Having just gotten out of Aunt’s Raven room, Max spotted both pairs of pink and jet-black haired ladies staring at him. A mother and her daughter. His Aunt and Cousin.

Watching him walk forward, both mother and daughter’s assumptions were clear as day based on different factors. However, keeping his face straight, Max calmly walked towards them. Appearing to want to solve their suspicions.

"Good day, Aunt Sarah... Cousin Ivy. I don’t know which room is my sister’s. She came to my room with complaints of having cramps and requested I grab a few things for her. However, I already made three mistaken entrance." Revealing slight urgency in his voice to show he was a brother who was worried about his sister’s extreme hurt, he didn’t linger on their response to his greeting but politely requested that they show him which room belonged to his sister.

With how distant their relationship was, Ivy appeared considerate to his words, after a moment of thought, she nodded slightly and pointed at the door opposite the one he just came out from.

"That’s her room."

"Thanks."

"You’re welcome... Right, I wanted to discuss something with you. My room is the one at the last row, the one opposite belongs to my mom. In case you ever wanted to see her."

"Thanks"

Responding absentmindedly, the only thing Max saw at the moment was Evelyn’s standing figure not far away behind both mother and daughter.

He didn’t notice her at first, due the fact that the color of her dress perfectly blended with the hallway interior at some point. Until he felt her piercing gaze.

"Oh, Evelyn... You’re here?"

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 142: - Did you do it?-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oh, Evelyn, you’re here?"

Noticing his sister’s suspecting figure, Max realized she had probably heard most of his lies.

"Nice, we’ll be having dinner together, make sure to make time and join." With that, Aunt Sarah and his cousin, Ivy departed. Leaving him and sister to stare at each other.

She was wearing a little black dress,knee length, modest neckline with delicate cap sleeves.

Staring at him coldly- when the two departing steps could no longer be heard...

"I’m sorry... for the lies." Max added, appearing quite awkward with no trace of his composure.

"Hmmm." Humming in response, Evelyn passed by him, walking towards the door without throwing him a glance.

Seeing this, Max reluctantly followed behind, pushing past the door as he closed the door behind him.

"Are we good?"

Causing Evelyn to stop, he stared attentively at her back, waiting for a response.

"Oh really? I’m having period cramps?" She spoke subtly, however the mock and sarcastic intent could be heard. Shaking her head, his sister dropped her bag, faced the mirror and silently started taking off her earrings.

"I get it, it was my bad." After a minute of silence in search of a careful response, Max responded.

"Hmmmm- however just then, Evelyn bent slightly and clutched her stomach. Her face tense with anguish.

Surprised, Max quickly stepped forward, holding his sister’s arm, his expression turned blank.

She was really having cramps.

"It’s coming again." Evelyn squeezed out these words from under her breath, closing her eyes shut for a moment, sweat dripped down her delicate face as her face became pale and flushed at the same time.

"You’re such a jink."

"Sorry." At loss of words to say, Max expression was very complex, clueless of how to relieve his sister of her pain.

...

"Do you really think mom was alone in that room?"

In a familiar balcony, two siblings sat. The other simply focused on the phone in her hand, while her junior brother held a cup of ice cream in his hand.

"C’mon, you know mom. She was probably playing with a vibrator or something since dad wasn’t here."

While her brother responded to her question, the chubby girl who was the elder of both siblings happened to catch something from the corner of her eyes.

A small slit sachet, laid on the ground at the edge of the balustrade, a slight push and it would fall with the wind.

Looking closely at the sachet, she discovered it was actually from a famous brand. Well, not famous but still a famous product.

’Premium O’gold Condom?’ Daisy read the words in her mind, puzzled and confused at First before her brain registered what it was.

The look in her eyes turned skeptical, turning to the roughly placed deck chair by the side of the balcony, she began to imagine all sorts of scenes.

"Okay." with that she gave a drifting response to her brother and resumed to face her phone.

...

"Thanks." Evelyn’s delicate tired voice reached his ears.

"Hmmm." Tucking her into the bed, Max silently nodded and stood up from the bed.

"I’ll be back to check up on you." Max said, as he pulled the door with a click.

...

After fulfilling his sister’s request, to stay with her for some time. Max got out of the room, and was about to depart for his to take a clean shower, when he happened to bust into Ivy on the way, again.

"Right, you wanted to see me."

Just as Ivy arrived in front of him, Max spoke with conduct, also hinting that he was in a slight hurry.

"The whole family is going on a three day tour across the world. I’m here to ask if you want to participate." Ivy said, with a straight face that made Max suddenly ponder if she remembered what they did in his car that night.

"Oh, I’ll need to consider my schedule first. When is the tour starting?" Max replied with an expression that showed slight interest.

"Early tomorrow morning. If you make up your mind late, I’ll leave the door to my room open to receive your decision."

"Oka..." Max was about to reply curtly until he heard the reminder of what she said.

’Thats...’

Ivy’s expression however didn’t fluctuate, making her statement as innocent as it could be.

With that she walked past him, while he used a moment to recover...

Mm

’Let’s see how it goes then.’ Making up his mind to give her a late response, Max continued walking forward.

...

"Hmmmm, so nice."

"The pool is better but the beach would be more great."

"Gold Coast, Australia. You see how nice that sounds?"

"Costa Rica – Manuel Antonio?"

"I heard that place is perfect for adventures."

"Max what do you think?"

’Huh?’

At this moment, Max, who had been focused on the new mystery game he downloaded on his phone, was dragged into the conversation.

Ava and Olivia moved through the pool—slow, graceful strokes that barely disturbed the surface.

Up in the sky, the sun burned brightly, unhindered by clouds it showered wrathful heat on those below.

Not far from him, Ivy floated nearby, arms stretched with her eyes closed in peaceful defiance. The pool water shimmered around her like glass turning to silk.

At the edge, a woman sat with her feet in the pool, ankles glinting beneath the while Watching her kids with a quiet smile. She was Aunt Chloe.

The Riders family little pool gathering, almost everyone was present.

"About?"

Just as Ava and Olivia reached him, Max exposed his cluelessness about what they were talking about.

"Nevermind then, are you going to join the tour?" Olivia asked with puffed cheeks.

"I don’t know yet." Shaking his head dismissively, Max placed his phone at the edge of the pool, and grabbed onto it to push himself out of the water.

Already having a clue about what girls were planning to do by moving closer. He chose it was wise to keep his adventures from the other three boys, especially Blake who had reined in his arrogance as of the moment.

"Leaving so soon?" Ava spoke, using one hand to pull her swimming trunk slightly in a way only him who see her breasts which was bigger than Olivia’s.

Tempted by the sight,Max resisted.

"I’ll see you later when it’s time for dinner."

Picking up his phone, he told the two girls.

From this, they inferred he was being cautious and didn’t want them to come and see him in his room.

Pulling on a bandana shirt and a towel which had been hanging on one of the loungers. Max then cleaned his hair. His goal was to check up on Evelyn as promised. Who knew periods could be so messed up.

’huh?

"Hey... can I talk to you ?"

Just as he entered the hallway, a voice called from the side spoke from his side just when he noticed a figure standing a few meters from him.

’Daisy?’

Sighting the chubby figure in normal set of clothes that made it apparent that she didn’t join the little family time going on outside in the pool, Max instantly figured who she was.

"Yes?"

Draping the towel over his shoulders, Max stood still with slight curiosity for the reason he was stopped by this extremely introverted cousin of his that talked to no one but her mother and brother.

Without saying anything, he watched remove her phone from its pouch then brought out something.

Unfolding it,

"You used this didn’t you?" she spoke with confirmed suspicion in her voice.

’It seems there’s no perfectly Hidden secret after all.’

Upon recognizing the sachet of condom, Max kept shut, showing not the least bit of embarrassment or any other emotion on his face.

Seeing that he wasn’t going to talk, she spoke again, her voice more lowered than before.

"Earlier... it was you, isn’t it?"

"Yes."

Max replied in a casual tone, then began to walk forward. No longer wanting to listen to her.

’If you want further evidence after knowing the obvious, then you should meet your mother or something. If she’s that crazy, then she would share with you a wonderful experience of what we did and how she became my first anal penetration.’

...

Click!

"You came?"

"Yes. Are you good now?"

Seeing that Evelyn was comfortably pressing her phone, a better condition than when he left. Max closed the door and walked towards his sister.

"Yup."

Adjusting the sheet slightly, Evelyn smiled.

"Okay... I wanted to apologize for what happened in the morning and for what you heard me say previously."

For gagging her with his cock and lying with her name, Max apologized for both.

Stomped for a moment by his words, Evelyn responded in kind.

"It’s my fault, I entered your room without permission-"

However, Max quickly cut her halfway.

"You can come whenever you feel like." Max told her, only for her next question to throw him off guard.

"So did you do it with her then?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 143: - A night -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Knock knock

In a quiet, dimly illuminated master bedroom by chandeliers. Two knocks sounded on the door, attracting the attention of a girl, or rather young lady who was lying on her bed and had been eager since this evening.

The look on her face showed she had been expecting the sound of the knocks.

Quickly swiping the duvet from her body, she stood up. Revealing that she was clad in a white transparent nightgown. Made from thin linen, her matching color of underwear could be seen. But even more so her waist, which was sexy.

Swinging her long jet black over her shoulders, she inhaled slightly and checked out her night gown to see if it was okay for what she intended it for. Quickly walking towards the door, she stood before it and inhaled for a moment, her expression resolute as she clutched the handle.

...

Click!

Following the sound of the lock mechanism, the door was quickly pulled open from behind, presenting his eldest cousin sister, Ivy.

Stunned, his eyes weren’t caught by her beauty but instead drifted to her waist, switching optimal view between her bra and lace panty underneath what she considered to be a nightgown.

Waiting by the door she seemed to enjoy the fact that he was checking her out and didn’t say any word until he was done.

"Hey-" she called to draw his attention from her body at some point.

"I’m sorry-" unapologetic, Max said while finally meeting her face, before adding...

"I’m here to tell you my decision." He said, causing her expression to flicker like she wasn’t expecting him to move on that fast. Somehow, she even hesitated on her own decision.

But it was only for a moment.

"Okay, why don’t you come in first. I feel cold leaving the door open at the moment." She said, stepping away from the door.

Getting her signal, Max entered with the same cool composed air around him.

"Nice." Commenting shortly after swiping his eyes through the familiar space and the new racks of clothes by the side, he turned towards her, his unsaid words hanging in the air as she finished closing the door.

"I know, what’s your decision then?"

Returning the intent back to him she said, standing with folded arms.

"Well..." staring at her, Max let the tension linger between them before speaking.

"It’s a family tour right? Everyone would be away and I would be the only one in this mansion..." revealing a permissive expression, his eyes never darted from her face. Their gaze held for about five seconds till he spoke again.

"So... are you going to reciprocate what I did the last time or I leave."

Exposing her intent, he stood there with an unreadable glint in his eyes.

One seconds... two... three... until about five, Ivy suddenly dropped her arms.

"You’re... really something." She said, holding their eye contact while moving closer.

Soon she was standing close to him, her chest pressing softly against his.

His eyes were barely an inch above hers, however, she kept them open, staring intently at him till their breath subtly clashed.

"So should I suck your dick first to repay your previous generosity?" She spoke in the endearing silence, her tone arousing with seductive intent laced within.

"If you want us to start from there?"

According to gentleman treatment, Max didn’t rush but softly nibbled her lips as he held her waist, pushing her closer to entwine the heat from her bodies.

Smooch! Smooch! Smooch!

As their tongues began entering each other’s mouths, a conquer war of lips took place in the grand room.

A steady rise in their arousal and the room began to heat with fervent smooching sounds. Both cousins, closely related by their mother’s blood within them, were gasping. He manhandled her ass with his arms while she squeezed and gripped his air like he was a steel toy who wouldn’t feel pain.

Both were lustfully contending to feel the blessings of each other’s blessings, however, Ivy upon seeing she was losing decided to slim out of his arms.

Instantaneously going down on her knees,she found the band of Max’s trousers. There was no belt to unbuckle so she easily slipped down his underwear and short pants at the same time, revealing a view of his dry skin that rapidly extended... she was only able to move her head in the last minute.

Something long and big, plump in size jumped out of his pants like spring attack.

However as she got the full view of it after it stood in place from all the swinging, her mouth opened agape.

’Judging by the length, he’s at least eight inches.’ Ivy thought as she froze for a moment, losing her composure.

It took Max to command it to wring before her fantasy broke, facing the reality of his monstrosity.

"... Can you take it? Or should we just try the other way?" Seeing she had recovered, he said with a straight face but the intent in his voice was felt.

"No, I was just thinking. If we had done it in your dark that night... The hazy brain could have actually been pierced through, I would be wide awake from heartbreak by a single thrust." she said, yet to wrap her fingers around his cock but appeared deeply in thought instead.

"So that was what happened." In reaction, Max remembered how devastated she looked that night.

"Yes, I caught my best friend with my boyfriend, he was fingering her as they made out." she said melancholic.

"Well... we can start by you sucking my cock first. Then I spill my cum on your face. I’ll take a pic...To be safe, you can either show them in real life or through a video call."

"You’re a genius, I’ll caption it "I got a bigger cock... Mind you, I’m not a slut." suddenly having their heated moment turn interactive, she added to maintain the remains of her image he had in his head.

However, she didn’t expect what came next.

"Well... what do you say about being my slut for tonight." Glaring down at his cousin, he watched her eyes flinch for a moment, then she nodded without saying it.

"That isn’t a response." Covering the tip from her mouth that was about to taste him, he made her look up at him with a face flushed with embarrassed fury.

"I’ll be your slut for tonight." Swallowing her pride, she squeezed the words through her teeths.

"Nice." Uncapping his cock, he softly placed both of his hands on her head.

Slurp!

"Hmmmm." She licked the dry patch of skin first, before putting it in her mouth and began playing with it like a pop stick.

"Argh!"

"Hmmm" very calmly while doing it, she puffed her cheeks, and used her other hand to hold his sack.

Softly rubbing both eggs with her delicate fingers, she shook her head, stuffing his cock inside her mouth while lubricating him with her saliva in one go.

"Nice." also experiencing the same calm pleasure, Max complimented on her blowjob skills.

"Hmmm-" she inhaled slightly.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

Quickening her pace, she slurped hard, jerking his cock consistently while sucking his balls at some point.

Though she was yet to take him deepthroat, hesitant, she explored every other pleasure point with the help of his oozing precum.

Assisting her baddie suck style, he often held back free strands of her hair from obstructing her actions.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

Softly grasping his balls, she used her tongue to suck the the precum and her saliva on it. Moving up, she did the same, licking his glans, tracing every bulging vein with her tongue till she took in his cap once more.

However, this time she raised her head. Making sure their eyes met before extending the reach his cap stopped. Slowly, she took him deeper and deeper till her face flushed slightly purple.

At this moment, Max could feel himself in the special space. Hee throat.

"Argh!" Groaning, he closed his eyes and tightly gripped her hair.

"$&$+#_++_4!" gasping out insensible sounds, she quickly tapped his waist and he let go of her hair.

Coughing afterwards, she smiled at him. Proud evident in her eyes that she pleasured him well.

"Hmmm-" recovering after a few moments of normal breathing cycle, she wrapped her fingers around the base of his weapon and stared up at his face. Showing him her precum dripping chin with a seductive smile.

Slurp!

She then slowly slipped it past her delicate soft lips, taking him in their luscious grip.

Puffing out the precum and saliva in her mouth to lubricate him, she used her lips to stimulate the veins that stretched across his cock.

"Argh!" Groaning in bliss, Max took the phone she handed him.

-inside her mouth, her tongue slithered around his tip. Unable to bear it any longer, Max held her hair and made her arch her neck backward, her face directly upward.

The next instant, he slipped out his cock from her gaping mouth and placed it on her face with a cordial movement of his waist.

"I’m cumming." Max said as his cum shot out.

The first wave extended from her forehead to her hair. The second, her eyes and nose. The third, her cheeks. Fourth, poured out directly on her chin.

Before his cock could begin to deflate, Max took the perfect shot.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 144: - Ivy’s flower taste -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kacham!

The distinct click sounded just as he reached the peak of pleasure from her sucking his cock.

In the photo, he had her hair in his hand, tilting her head backwards. And her face was decorated with his milky semen. His cock rested just above her mouth and nose like a dragon which had just named claim over its territory.

"Hmmm-" while he savored the blissful pleasure heightened by the thought that he took a picture of it, Ivy inhaled as if sniffing his semen all over her face.

"Here."

When he was done Max released hold of her hair despite the fact that her silence inferred that she liked the way he held her in that position.

Collecting the phone,her breath froze as she stared at the image on it.

"Thanks."

Seconds passed until she finally seemed to recover.

"Gosh... I look like a real slut." She whispered in fascination, just enough for Max to hear it.

"You still look like one."

Hinting at the fact that she was still on her knees, facing his groin Max held up his limp dick to her face.

"Suck it." Resuming to softly pull her hair,he waved his dick at her while she appeared stunned.

"Why are guys always cowards after one action?"

She wasn’t directly speaking to him but the limp brother of his who had reduced dramatically in size after releasing.

’On a normal day it wouldn’t. Two hours of non-stop sex in a day would leave any other man spineless.’

Leaving these words to his words, Max apparently turned mute like he had lost and simply watched her cum spilled face. She parted open her lips and took in his brother..

However, as if agitated by her words, it took a minute of sucking for his cock to stand up, enlarging inside her mouth.

"Hmmmm-"

Giving it one last lick and suckling around the tip,Max hinted at Ivy to stand up.

Having already taken off his shorts, the only thing separating his pointed spear from its goal was her thin fabric nightgown with an opulent view of what was underneath. A pair of pants and bra.

As the two cousins stared at each in the silence of her room, after letting the wetness between her legs permeate through the air.

Max took off his shirt, instead of throwing it away, he rubbed his cum off her lips and chin then brought his lips to hers.

Soft nibbles bites began to take place, pulling her closer towards him. He began to rub her waist through the thin fabric.

Sensing her cluelessness to his sudden actions, he felt her breath begin to hitch. The more he rubbed her waist, the more stimulated she seemed to become.

Slowly and steady, capturing every of her breath, Max extended the reach of his hands by finally moving towards her ass.

"Hmmm, hmmmm-, hmmm." Soon repetitive inhalation was the only thing that remained in the grand room.

"Ahhh- hmmm-"

By the time Ivy had lost herself in the rhythm of his hands roaming her body, treating her ass cheeks like they were the most favorite things in the world- she felt his fingers begin to rub her clitoris.

"Ahhh-" she moaned into his mouth, causing a slight vibration to travel down his throat.

Grasping her ass with one hand, he caught her lips, and rubbed the wet, soaked patch of her pants. Teasing the slippery folds.

"Hmmm- ahhh- hmmm-." Jolting slightly each time his fingers went deeper, Max continued enjoying the vibration of her moans going down his throat.

"Hmmmm-" at some point he broke their oral contact and began kissing her chin and her neck while also rubbing her clitoris through her panty.

Ivy had arms wrapped around his neck and head, her eyes closed in pleasure.

"Hmmmm- Hmmmm - Hmmm" breathing softly, he took in her lips once more.

"Ahhh- ahhh - yesss." While jolting from every thrust of his finger after slipping past the soaked fabric that obstructed him, he felt Ivy dig her fingers into his skin to ease her pleasure.

"Ahhhhhhh!"

Unable to bear it any longer, she placed her head on his chest, quivering slightly, not from cold but her flooding orgasm tracing down his fingers.

"Yesssss." She breathed in relief.

Letting her rest on him for support, Max didn’t stop groping her ass but closed his eyes to focus on the warm sensation his cock had pressed against her stomach through the thin fabric that hindered it.

"This is just the beginning." Seeing how satisfied Ivy already was, Max whispered inside her ears. Letting her know with his poking erection.

"My bad." Recovering, she stopped resting on him for support and stood on her own before him.

Inhaling slightly, Max scanned her sexy nightgown, no longer trying to restrain his desire to take it off. He held the helm and slowly pulled it off with utmost satisfaction.

Her thighs, lace pant, navel, slender waist, Max continued sliding it off. In the permeating lust between them, he watched her raise her arms, granting a view of her boobs caged in a bra.

His eyes lingered on them, and a blast of lust traveled through the core of his mind. Barely containing it, he moved, sliding off what was left of her night gown.

A moment later he had a full view of Ivy’s delicate body, especially her chest which weren’t too big or small either, the perfect boobs for someone her age.

"Are you going to keep staring or we start?" She said, after noticing how attracted he was to her boobs and totally throwing the misconception that he was the type who loved ass more, and anal.

Feeling rather disappointed deep down about not being able to try anal. She saw a carnal smile curl up his lips.

"Right. "

Unleashing the lust within him, he took one step forward and lifted her up by grabbing her ass in one swoop.

"Ahh-" before Ivy could gasp in surprise, she felt herself being slammed backward.

"Ahhh-" before she could recover from the state of disorientation, Max was already above her. His cock pointed to the area between her leg.

Locking her two arms to the bed with his hands, he already stationed himself between her dainty legs and only needed to go on his knees to reach her bra with his teeth. Which he did.

Tugging her bra away, her two arms in his hand and his body stationed between her legs. He raised his head to stare into his cousin’s helpless eyes before bending to latch his mouth on her boobs.

Though her nipples weren’t too big or comparable to Aunt Raven’s own, he was able to nibble it with his teeth before licking it with his tongue.

Underneath him, Ivy squirmed and gasped from the pleasure, enjoying the feel of being subjugated and unable to move under him.

"Hmmmm- hmmmm- hmmmm."

Her breath became increasingly long and chaotic, straining her muscles each time.

Max continued sucking her breasts, expressing to her how much he loved and cherished them while she could only squirm and breathe under him.

"Yesss- suck it, hmmmm-."

Not sure he was imitating when he asked her to suck his sick, Max continued to nibble and rub her boobs with his teeths and face.

When she seemed unable to bear it any longer. He lowered his head to the area between her legs.

Staring at the shaven wet folds for a moment,he swiped off what remained of her previous orgasm and dipped his tongue in-between.

Feeling repulsed deep down at first, he found the taste down there to be quite...

’Tastes a bit like musky honey.’

Just then he felt Ivy’s hand which had wanted to stop him from eating her out actually grab his hair. Her muscles stretched taut as he heard her exhale loudly while trembling.

"Ahhhh!" He heard her loud scream, similar to a woman in labour.

Although he couldn’t see it, he knew her eyes were rolled back right now, leaving no trace of black within them.

Gently as she was brought to the peak of bliss, Max held her legs in place and took in her folds.

"Hmmmmmmmmmmm!" Ivy moaned out loud, slipping one hand between her legs, she began to rub her clits in rhythm to the movement of his tongue inside her.

"Ahhh, yess, yesss, yesss. I’m cuming Max, I’m cumming. Fastening the movement of her finger massage-

"Ahhhhhhh!" She was unable to contain it any longer. For a moment her body felt like it didn’t belong to her.

Her brain was hijacked by the jolt of pleasure that coursed through her spine. Left momentarily powerless and unable to move a single finger. She closed her eyes, and the feeling of swimming in clouds came.

Having already unlatched both folds, saw the streaming nectar between her folds and without hesitation, attacked when the enemy was defenseless by thrusting deep and swift.

H h h h b

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 145: Mia-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahhhhhhh!"

She jolted and gripped him in shock, feeling his unexpected penetration drill through her.

Due to the fact that she was currently orgasming,Max felt his thrust easily enter, momentarily free from the tight clench from her walls, he happened to strike her g-$pot.

If before, Ivy felt electrocuted and momentarily lost control over her body. At this moment her mind entered a moment of serene bliss. Her surroundings became dull, her ears disabled so she couldn’t even hear her own loud ecstatic scream in pleasure.

Just the visage of Max abs and shaped abdomen, dominantly over her.

To simply put it, she entered a moment of enlightenment beyond mortal understanding. And time seemed to slow down.

"Ahhhh!

Ahhhhh!

Ahhhhh!..." Following each and every thrust, she felt his athletic thighs kissing hers which was supple and bounced as a result of withstanding the force.

Locked by his hand, she was dominantly being fucked my her cousin brother Max who seemed intent on destroying the land of fantasy between her legs.

In this same state, she watched him, screaming but unable to hear her own scream as he manhandled her.

As if slamming from the top wasn’t enough. He spread both of her legs. One on his shoulder and the other held to the bed and made her worldview tilt. Her body continuously rocking from the force. She noticed at some point that he had his eyes that were filled with feral lust watching the jiggling sight of her boobs.

Minutes passed and she was still in her enlightened state.

...

Listening to Ivy’s moan and screams was more captivating than any music.

He didn’t know how it began, but by the time he knew what was happening, Max felt that he was in his most carnal form.

Pulling out his well lubricated cock in her nectar, he dragged her helpless body to the edge of the bed and flipped her over. Raising up her waist, she was helplessly on all fours with support of his arm wrapped tight around her waist.

And then he felt it, the loosening of the nuts.

Using whatever ammo he had left, he thrusted furiously slapping Ivy ass repeatedly till they were flushed.

At the peak of pleasure, they both experienced climax.

Pulling out before he could release his seeds, he shot it on her ass,decorating it.

Managing to take another picture, he gave her limp body one last look and feel by her side.

"I feel more drained than having a foursome." Thoroughly exhausted, Max breathed in fatigue. When he opened his eyes to see Ivy’s expression, her eyelids were half open and half closed, partially conscious.

’What’s wrong with her?’ Max thought for a moment, before straining his hand to pick his short pants lying on the floor.

Soon after he managed to get up on his feets and began a strenuous walk towards his room.

...

THE NEXT MORNING...

Knock! Knock! Knock!

"Huh?"

After countless knocks on his door, Max finally squeezed open his eyes.

Grunting as he did, he rubbed his eyes repeatedly to adjust to the bright lightning.

Knock knock!

The knock came again, causing Max to swipe away the sheet covering him and anguishly stood up. Not willingly but because he could sense how restless and seemingly worried the knock was. Probably,the person behind had been knocking for a while now.

Click!

As he opened the door he was met with a shocked female, whose knuckles were slightly red from knocking repeatedly.

...

About twenty minutes earlier.

Checking repeatedly in the mirror if her appearance was okay. Mia smiled, popping her lips one more time as she gently placed the lipgloss on the shelf.

"C’mon, you’ve been doing that for the past five minutes already. Do you like that boy so much?" Her co-work Ella who had been spectating her lovey dovey behavior shook head sympathetically.

However, Mia seemed to be sparked by Ella calling the person she admired a boy.

"Says who is stuck with a very rude grass head."

Seeing Mia sneer, Ella fummed but decided to give up. And walked out of the room.

This was the Maid quarters of the Riders Mansion, a classic and elegant room meant for two.

Scanning the room one last time, Mia elegantly closed the door and took on her professional nature.

Her everyday routine was to go stand by Ivy’s room in the morning. Where her with the rest of the other assigned maid would be given an outfit to hand over to their assigned Misters. As the hierarchy of the Mansion required.

Mister/Miss, Master/Mistress and the Matriarch who stood at the pinnacle of authority.

...

"What happened?"

"I heard Miss Ivy fell over from her bed and is unable to walk properly at the moment."

"Oh my, I wonder how she sleeps to let that happen."

"I’ll say she has no grace at all."

"Shsss, what are you saying? This is the first time this has happened. It doesn’t sound plausible that she sleeps in an indecent posture."

"True, true."

Mia was with all composure until she spotted the other maid gossiping by the door. Forced to inquire my the mysterious air, she moved to stand beside Ella who left earlier than her.

"Well..."

Click!

The door was suddenly pulled open to reveal a pink haired woman dressed in a simple fashioned dress that outlined her glamorous figure, especially the burst on her chest.

Bowing slightly, they all glanced at her hands to see several hangers with designer outfits.

"Daisy,Ava, Annabelle, Olivia, Noah, Blake, Daniel... Max." After a sudden pause as she glanced at the remaining set of hangers in her hand, she forced out a smile and handed it over to the slender lady before her.

...

Knock! Knock! Knock!...

After knocking for ten minutes, with a pause of forty seconds after each, Mia lost her computer out of anxiety that something had happened and was about to quickly hurry to call for help when the distinct click sounded, causing her to freeze as Max athletic figure appeared before her.

"Did that happen because of me?"

"Huh?" Already dazed by the sight of his abs, Mia looked confused by his words until she he saw his finger gesture at her knuckles.

"It’s nothing." She quickly hid her hands.

"I’m sorry."

Feeling it was unfortunate that he didn’t have any ice cubes, he could only apologize and unable to help her bruised knuckles.

"It’s okay, I just wanted to pass this to you. It’s ten minutes to breakfast, too.".

Glancing at the set of outfits in her other hand, Max nodded and politely took it.

With one more apologetic nod, he closed the door and quickly entered the shower.

...

"Hey Max."

"Good morning."

Surprisingly, everyone seemed to have woken up late.

Finding himself in the now familiar midst of his extended family, Max greeted his Aunts and smiled.

Meeting his gaze, Aunt Raven’s smile was even more broad, genuine with more hidden intent behind.

To her side, Aunt Chloe seemed to have gotten over the flush of their wondrous night and was now acting more casual than before.

As they were about to dine, the only missing seats were that of Ava, Olivia, Annabelle, Ivy and his Aunt Sarah. Which was surprising.

To his right was his sister and father. Then Daniel.

Aunt Raven, Chloe and Avery, Daisy sat directly opposite, while Noah and Blake weren’t present.

They started a conversation, however the dining table wasn’t all bustling mainly due to Olivia, Ava and Annabelle who weren’t present.

Quietly eating his meal, they discussed how they would be traveling soon but the weather forecast of their destination didn’t seem good. Later the breakfast ended with the conclusion that everyone should be prepared in thirty minutes or so.

Closing the door to his room, Max glanced before lying in bed for the thirty minutes deadline to exhaust.

Under the bright sunlight, everyone entered their parents’ car. Creating a luxurious convoy of live black and silver sedans.

When they drove past the gate, one ordinary looking car tag behind.

Upon getting to the busy part of the city, Max spotted other similar cars who seemed to be tailing them but eventually stopped.

"Nothing to fear, those are also our securities." His father said, casually making a turn while plugging in an earpod.

Soon they were up on a particularly wide clearing with several aircrafts. Mostly planes.

After about fifteen seconds of extra drive the convoy came to a halt before the most luxurious private jet they had seen since driving into the airport.

As a testament that it belonged to the Riders, there was a big Oak tree logo on it.

"Now this holiday."

H h h h f h h h h u h h h h c h h h h k h h h h h h h y h h h h h o h h h h h h h u h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 146: - Turbulence -*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Welcome."

Standing by the airstair, was a bald middle aged man and young woman in cordial pilots uniform.

Politely shaking hands with the moms,and the single dad in their midst.

"Hey Max." Drawing his attention, Max turned to see Olivia and her group of two other girls wave at him before entering the jet.

Clueless, Max shook his head, walking just behind Noah, who was behind Daisy, Blake at the front, they got into the luxurious private jet.

Vast and exquisite, it had a climate controlled cabin equivalent to a luxury penthouse, engineered for privacy and indulgence.

The interior stretched wide and long, divided into three distinct zones.

Up front was a sleek galley kitchen with dark marble countertops, a stocked wine cooler glowing softly behind smoked glass.

Surprisingly there was a personal flight attendant who moved with practiced grace, placing several crystal glasses on a silver tray.

Just beyond the galley was the main lounge area. 18 leather club seats—snow white, diamond-stitched, and reclining—were arranged in alternating singles and face-to-face pairs. Each one had its own walnut table, touch-screen console, and

The floor lighting glowed a soft amber underfoot, outlining a deep gray carpet that ran the length of the aisle.

To the right, a massive 60-inch OLED screen displayed a muted news channel, embedded seamlessly into the wall opposite a long L-shaped sofa that could seat six. A low glass table held a deck of luxury playing cards and a rare bottle of Japanese whisky. Without doubt, Max knew it belonged to his father.

"Over here." Ava called pushing, to her side, Olivia and Annabelle held back Blake from sitting in their midst.

The seats were a facing pair of four, a narrow space in between. Two to each side.

Accounting for Ava, Olivia and Annabelle, there was one last chair remaining.

When Blake saw him, their eyes momentarily clashed. However, Blake didn’t seem intent on bickering or showing hostility towards Max anymore.

Throwing a grudging look at the girls, he moved to sit with Daisy,Noah and Daniel. Making space for Max to move. Sitting at the last end.

Unlike before, Max knew how clever the three girls were and why they chose such a strategic location.

’Seems the ride is going to be all fun.’ Max thought as he moved to sit on the last seat, opposite Annabelle.

"You’re such a scarcity these days Max." Olivia jumped in right after he took his seat. Apparent from her tone that they had missed a certain part of him.

"Been busy." Meeting her gaze, Max inwardly smirked.

"Oh, it seems to me that you’ve been dodging us."

"Dodging?" Max asked, slightly surprised by her boldness to hint at something else why everyone else could hear them.

"What an idiot, he has such beauties like us yet all he does is try to stay indoors."

Revealing her middle finger, Olivia huffed.

About to reply, Max was interrupted.

" Good afternoon, everyone. This is your captain speaking. We’ll be taxiing shortly for takeoff. Please ensure your seatbelts are fastened, seats are upright, and all devices are in airplane mode. Our flight crew will now conduct a short safety briefing."

A flight attendant in a uniform moved down the aisle, giving a warm smile. She demonstrated the use of seatbelts, pointed to the emergency exits—two in the front, two in the rear—and explained the oxygen mask protocol with practiced ease.

As the briefing ended, engines hummed to life with a low, powerful roar that caused the Riders family members to hold steadfast to their seats.

Watching the once grand and imposing airport building become increasingly farther and smaller.

"Ladies and gentlemen, we’ve reached cruising altitude—10,000 feet. Feel free to move around the cabin and use any approved devices. We recommend keeping your seatbelt fastened while seated for your comfort and safety."

Unexpectedly they all released a relieved breath at the time.

"Wait, did you also encounter a storm on your way the previous time?."

"Yes." Max replied, casually turning away from the window, towards Ava and the rest of the girls who suddenly became silent.

"... Guys sure take things casual. I had a nightmare after that, even now I feel slightly terrified of encountering another storm." Ava commented with a solemn look. Flipping out a comic magazine, she placed it in a way Olivia who sat opposite her would be able to read by using the table in-between.

"Sure, sure. You guys are already about to read a comic. Max, what do you think we should do?" Annabelle quickly changed the topic, resting her chin on her palm while slightly revealing a peek of her cleavage with a smile on her face.

"Pool?"

"Sure, how do we play it though. There’s none in here." Annabelle asked in confusion, winking at Olivia who quickly stuffed a headphone over her ears. Ava did the same.

"Here, we take turns. It’s offline." Turning his phone screen for her to see the ’8 pool’ icon, he eventually handed the phone to her when she wanted to crane her neck.

"Nice. You start" Swiping her fingers across the screen for a moment, Annabelle handed it over.

On the screen was a billiard table with cue balls arranged into a triangular rack. By the edge of the screen was a powered meter screen, a two player mode.

Setting his shot, Max swiped the powered meter to the limit.

One, two, three... three balls were pocketed in a single instant, causing Annabelle to grip his hand out of immediate unwillingness. Claiming she tricked him into playing first, it was supposed to be her turn.

And so the lovely atmosphere between them both grew fun as the flight flew on.

However, they had been too engrossed in the game to notice the lightening coming from the window beside them had grown dim to some extent.

Until suddenly, a deep rumble shook the aircraft, sending a tremor through the polished wine glasses on the lounge table.

The sleek lighting overhead dimmed briefly, casting momentary shadows over them as everyone visibly froze.

Regaining their senses a moment later, they all turned to face the wide oval windows close to them.

Only then did they notice the sky had turned hostile—thick, churning clouds closing in, as lightning branched like veins across the bruised sky.

From what Max could see, almost everyone had been putting on headphones and were each absorbed in whatever they could do to pass time.

A second later, the low chime of the intercom sounded, presenting a calm but clipped voice came through the speakers.

"This is your captain. We’ve just hit the edge of a storm cell—strong turbulence incoming, with moderate wind shear and lightning ahead. Please also put on your headphones."

Another tremor rolled through the jet. And his father’s loud curse could be heard. Apparently his special bottle of wine had taken a fall, shattering.

"Return to your seats and please buckle up. Cabin crew, secure the lounge and galley—no exceptions. We’re adjusting our course now to minimize impact, but it’s going to be a rough patch for the next fifteen to twenty minutes."

The announcement ended with a soft click. Overhead, the seatbelt sign glowed a steady amber. And two guys in attendant uniforms appeared, quite surprising. Regaining their footings, they quickly moved to strap down carts.

The female attendant from before didn’t shy away but took the half finished drink on his father’s table, sitting directly opposing aunt Raven.

Seeing this, Owen finally sat down and clasped the buckle. Tightening his jaw as he caught a flicker of lightning split the clouds outside.

Inhaling a mouthful of air, he had just regained his calm when he saw that Annabelle had unbuckled her seat belt, her hands stretched towards him as she grabbed his shoulders and sat on him.

To the side, Olivia who had her eyes solemnly closed gape in shock as she opened them.

Because strandling Max was Annabelle who had her eyes closed with one palm over her mouth to stop herself from moaning out loud.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 147: -Turning Disaster to Bliss-**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Max had barely clicked his seatbelt when the jet gave a sudden jolt.

Caught mid-lean, Annabelle lost her footing.

Her body lurched forward, sliding across the sleek flip table between them and crashed into Max. Her hands found his shoulders for balance just as he instinctively caught her by the arms.

As a result, her back hunched, presenting a hollow view of her cleavage through the spaghetti strap top she wore.

"I’m sorry." she said, staring up at his face with a nervous-hesitant look.

"It’s okay-"

"Are you kids okay?"

Interrupting the moment, Max heard his father’s voice from the front of the cabin.

"Olivia? Blake?"

"Anna, Annabelle."

"Daisy, Noah, Daniel?"...

His aunts voice came right after, however the names they called barely registered anything because they had headphones over their head or were too rocked by the situation to respond.

"We are fine."

"I’m okay."

Being the only ones yet to put on headphones, Annabelle responded for the general while Max simply spoke for himself.

"Good!" Max heard his father’s heavy voice shout from the carbin once more.

Meanwhile, Max had his mind halfway glued, observing Annabelle downward cleavage. As she held onto his shoulders.

Thinking he had already played and sucked them before, he developed an instant arousal that further charmed Annabelle, clearing her hesitant look.

Her exaggerated crash towards him was a naughty play on her side to begin with. Which was why Max didn’t shy from the view.

Tilting her head towards Olivia to see the former in a panic mode, her eyes closed shut while gripping headphone over her head. Annabelle appeared to want to say something, but Max beat her to it.

"Do you want to do it?" His eyes silently met hers amidst the chaos.

In response, Annabelle appeared speechless for a moment.

"Yes, but they are going to be mad at me." rushing to say, she pointed at the two opposite, beside them with a faint expression of guilt.

’okay, sit back then.’

Staring at her pretentious expression, Max made no move towards her. Sitting buckled up instead.

"I’ll do it."

Just like he expected, Annabelle’s smile quickly turned victorious seeing Olivia wasn’t looking. Glancing down to his bulging pants, she moved to unbuckle his waist belt with hurried movement.

"You don’t need to suck it, I’m pretty hard already."

Seeing she was ready to dip in his cock inside her mouth, Max decided to speak up.

’Look at her, she wants me to loose my cock before I lose my life.’

Imagining the consequence of her pretty dump intention to put his dick in her mouth, while the plane shook and jolted to both sides, Max decided to direct her.

"Flip the table and come sit on it instead."

Zzz!

He unzipped his pants and let his dick free from the discomfort.

Annabelle folded the table, and came crashing towards him as the jet experienced another jolt.

"Ahh." Falling into his embrace, she let out a sharp yelp, apparently bruising her arm a bit.

"Sorry."

"It’s nothing."

Raising up her dress, Max quickly shifted her thong to one side.

With him supporting her waist, she was able to lower down and sit on his thighs.

"Mmmmm-" feeling the pulsating big tip of his cock bypass her clits, Annabelle inhaled a deep breath and her face painted with a pink flush.

Placing both of her hands on his thighs, she managed to steady her descent against the ensuing chaos of their flight.

Closing her eyes just after she managed to settle down.

"You’re a betraying bitch." Olivia’s surprised voice could be heard.

Annabelle froze, slowly tilting her head towards Olivia-

"Please hold on tight everyone. We’ll be switching off some electrical conductors." Suddenly the co-pilot voice could be heard through telecom, causing them to freeze after witnessing what followed next.

All of the lights switched off, and the sound of the raging storm outside could be heard. But Max’s father’s voice was louder.

"Put on your headphones." He commanded, his tone on the edge of solemnity and seriousness.

From the look of things, their situation had turned grave.

But that didn’t stop Max from doing what he was doing.

Annabelle felt horrified, however as the plane rocked, Max’s cock inside her didn’t need any thrust to give her the satisfaction she needed.

"Ah–" before Annabelle could moan out loud though, Max’s hand moved through the darkness and covered her mouth with his palm, muffling it.

"Hmmmm-"

His other hand wrapped around Annabelle’s body, acting like a seatbelt as their intercourse continued.

"Hmmmm- Hmmmm-hmmmm."

Annabelle moaned lowly under Max’s palm.

Though her movement was very limited, she had learned to adapt and improvise.

When the plane didn’t rock, she would raise slightly with her hands on his thighs for support and let go. Shoveling the monstrosity inside her ecstasy hole.

Feeling quite the pain each time and truly unable to contain it in her depth, Annabelle felt the pleasure was worth it and kept going.

Not only was her worry eased, but their disaster was turned to pleasure.

"Mmmmm- ahhh"

Eventually letting go of her mouth, Annabelle’s moans were brief.

Max extended his free hand to grab her boobs, slipping right under her spaghetti strap top, she wasn’t wearing any bra so he instantly pinched one of her nipples between both of his fingers.

"Hmmmm" biting her lips, to ease her moan, Annabelle released her hands and began gyrating with her ass instead.

Using her freed hands, she held his hand which was massaging her boobs and pressed it, forcing him to squeeze them harder and tighter.

"Yesss." Annandale hissed in delight, closing her eyes in the darkness.

She brought her other hand to her pussy, or rather his dick which had both petals split to contain its size. Not stopping, she extended her fingers past his zippers, tugged the band of his boxer and managed to grasp his sack of eggs. Tenderly massaging with her fingers, she also grabbed his base and stroked it even though the movement was very limited.

"Argh" Annabelle wasn’t the only one in pure bliss. Max groaned in deep pleasure. By kissing Annabelle’s neck, he managed to keep them muffled.

Though he wasn’t the type to sniff women, with his nose pressed so close around her neck. Max found Annabelle’s scent to be very arousing.

Both locked in an intimate, tense intercourse. Max and Annabelle were starting to sense the peak of their pleasure against the disastrous situation.

His hand was pressing and fondling her specially firm but big tits-around D cup- into different shapes. Making sure to tease the nipples each time with the assist of her hand. Whilst his other hand firmly locked her to him.

Annabel still had his ball sack in her palm. Though Max felt it was risky, the pleasure was inevitable. It pushed him high to an unmeasured height of pleasure.

"Argh"

"Ahhh-"

Max gritted his teeths from the peak of pleasure, fondling her tits more.

Annabelle on the other hand, continued gyrating her waist. Taking his cock inside her for a wonderful spin.

For both of them, this extremely limited sex style, which desired utmost patience. Different from receiving hard powerful thrusts or giving it- felt novoeu.

And the ultimate reward for the dissatisfaction caused by the restraint, was about to be bestowed. Both Max and Annabelle held each other tight. Brought to the peak of pleasure, they came at the same time.

"Good news. We’ve successfully passed the storm and have now arrived at our destination. All electric conduits in the jet will now be turned on."

Just as the familiar voices of the co-pilot rang through the telecom above them. The bright LED lighting was turned on, starting from the front cabin.

The rocky jolt flight also became stable.

In an instant , Max and Annabelle found their slump bodies filled with new adrenaline.

Annabelle jumped back to get a seat with her thong halfway down her thighs.

Max had it easy, his cock had retreated inside, leaving just the zipper and unbuckled waist belt which could be easily closed.

A moment later the light turned on, and the mechanism which had the windows closed previously receded, revealing the bright sunlight outside.

In these tumultuous past minutes, only Olivia knew what had happened.

h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 148: - A father son talk-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Are you all good?"

Following the pilot’s announcement that they had successfully passed through the storm. Max heard his father’s voice again.

"Yeah."

"We are good."

"Yup."

"That was terrible."

Having taken off their headphones with a relieved expression on their faces, Noah, Daniel, Ava, Blake. Everyone responded.

Glaring at two of them with a fixed tilt of her head, Olivia still looked like she couldn’t believe what had happened.

"You guys..." she stuttered slowly. Ava who was opposite her looked confused and turned to glance at Max and Annabelle. Apart from finding her sister’s appearance a bit awkward and her dress perhaps roughed during the plane stunt, there was nothing.

Eventually, Olivia decided to keep shut. Knowing Ava, her reaction would be exaggerated and everyone else in the plane would turn towards them.

"- wow, look at the view."

Just after this, Blake’s spectacled voice from the third row could be heard. Causing everyone else to turn to stare outside the window.

"Welcome to— Cala Goloritzé kids." Aunt Raven squealed, her voice tinged with happiness.

...

The private jet touched down on the tarmac of Olbia Costa Smeralda Airport, slicing through the soft glow of the afternoon sun.

Gazing through the window,Max was awed by the golden landscape, wild—rolling hills, olive groves, and a sliver of blue sea on the horizon.

Leaning against the window, he watched as the aircraft taxied to a private hangar.

Yesterday, Olivia’s group had been contemplating on which beach they would be visiting. Gold coast of Australia or the waters of Costa Rica, including a few more.

Their guesses and choices seem to be for nothing.

Now in Sardinia- one of Europe’s most untouched gems, they were spectacled.

As the group stepped off the jet, warm Mediterranean air wrapped around them. It smelled of sea salt, wild herbs, and pine.

Waiting just beyond the tarmac: was a pair of black full size SUVs with tinted windows and a driver holding a sleek, handwritten sign: "Signori & Signore – Cala Goloritzé Residence."

"That’s our ride." Standing at the forefront, Aunt Raven pulled a cream Calpak roller behind her as she walked forward.

From the look of it, she was the one in charge of booking their residence and probably also selected their current location.

As the only man of the family present, Max saw his father collect the key to the second SUV.

Opening it to reveal it had seven seats. After putting their luggage in the boots.

Unexpectedly, Aunt Raven choose to sit at the front seat of the SUV his father chose to drive.

Just as he got in, Max saw Olivia, Ava and Annabelle come in. Winking at him as all seven seats became occupied and they began their journey. In the meantime, the other SUV tailed behind them.

...

Inside the SUV, Ava sat near the window, her hair catching streaks of sun while unable to notice Olivia and Annabelle pinching each other over what the former had witnessed on the flight.

No one said much and the quiet wasn’t awkward— a silent awe at the wondrous creation of mother nature.

They drove for nearly three hours after that, winding through Baunei’s cliff roads and ancient villages, until the coastline opened into view once more.

As their vehicles slowly started pulling to a stop, a villa that was nestled into a private hillside, a modern glass-and-stone masterpiece carved into nature appeared in sight.

Infinity pool. Terraced balconies. Endless blue ocean as far as the eye could see.

Max walked out onto the patio the moment they arrived, following right behind Olivia and her flock.

Staring below in awe, the Gulf of Orosei glimmered like melted sapphire.

From afar, a small boat could be seen cutting through the emerald blue water.

Seeing this, Max discovered that his cousins were also experiencing the same quiet thrill that ran through him.

"This place is insane," Daniel said, stepping beside him, while stepping beside him.

"Naturally edited magazine-cover."

While they were all appreciating the view, Aunt Sarah,Raven, Chloe, Avery moved their luggages into the house.

Judging from their expression, this wasn’t their first or third time here

Not long after, Olivia pulled Annabelle towards the house while Ava tagged along. Seemingly piqued by Olivia’s strange attitude since recently.

"We are going to explore, wanna come?" Noah was the one who spoke. Following the direction of his eyes, Max saw Blake and Daniel waiting a distance away, with the former looking slightly disgruntled.

"Thanks I’m good." Nodding a thanks, he gestured that he was okay.

"Okay then." As if understanding Max’s thoughts, Noah didn’t bother and nodded before turning his back.

Watching them depart downward, through the jagged slopes of the hillside. Max tilted his head back to face the ocean. Finding it to be awe-inspiring, he inhaled a mouthful of the ocean air that was tinted with a taste of freedom.

Not long after laughter echoed from one of the suites as Annabel and Olivia discovered a marble bathtub with a view of the cliffs.

"Hey son."

Interrupting his serene thoughts, Max felt a broad presence approaching him. Then a strong solid palm held his shoulder, before his father appeared beside him.

"Beautiful isn’t it?"

"Yes... true freedom." In response to his father’s question, Max hesitated a bit before speaking out his true thoughts.

His view of the ocean so far away was freedom.

"Right- you know... a lot of people wish that they somehow get a million dollars and stop working. Some will think of buying a big ship or house and live alone enjoying nature.

In truth it is called living a life without purpose.

When I was young I once hacked a game. Unlimited guns, ammo, crates, level up cards and more. I maxed out all of my armoury becoming truly op like I wished. However the downside was that the game became too easy and there was zero fun and thrill from playing it.

Without hardship, strive and most importantly purpose. Nothing makes any more sense.

If you don’t believe it, don’t you have more than fifteen Million? You travel the world all you want or reside in Africa.

In reality there is no freedom boy, you are either a slave of money or work with it."

Patting his shoulders heavily, Max saw his father grin proudly, obviously thinking he had given the best father and son talk in the world.

Silently staring at the horizon, Max didn’t see freedom anymore; instead he saw probability, calculated probability.

"Right, you and Evelyn will be sharing a room."

"-Okay." Replying with an expressionless face, Max turned back and left. Leaving his father a little speechless by his reaction.

...

"I just checked it, Cala Goloritzé is a really popular hidden spot. And getting reservations is extremely hard considering the hoard of tourists who want to visit."

Barely walking past the doors, Max was welcomed by the sight of Olivia and Ava squishing their faces against Annabelle’s why staring at what was on her phone screen.

"You girls should start having manners."

"Aishhh!" Spanking both Ava and Olivia ass, Aunt Raven threw him a wink before casually walking away.

’... That was unexpected.’

About to walk up the stairs of the villa, Max felt he was being watched and quickly turned back.

There, holding up a book for the first time was Daisy, her gaze stealthily meeting him while making it apparent that she had seen her mother wink at him.

’No wonder she didn’t hang out with her brother.’

Staring at her for a moment, Max took away his eyes from her and continued to move up- only to halt a moment later.

’Is this some kind of karma?’

’one, two, three...’

There were five similar closed doors before him.

Walking forward after some hesitation, he gently knocked and pushed open the door a moment later.

The room was spacious with three beds stationed at different angles buy lacked sign of it being occupied. Other than the two luggage bags on the floor.

The second was the same, and the third was alo same , making him wonder where his two other aunts were considering he already spotted Aunt Chloe in the kitchen.

Fourth door-

Knock knock, Max didn’t bother to wait for a reply and pushed open the door...

Smooch!

Max’s eyes widened.

h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 149: - A little challenge-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Smooch!

Max stood speechless as he gawked at the sight in front of him, unable to take off his eyes.

It wasn’t an extremely intimate scene, of battling tongues or pressed lips like you would imagine.

Rather, it seemed like a casual freek funny moment between two siblings.

’Aunt Sarah?’

Max’s eyes caught the wet pink strands that clung to her forehead, her hair tied in a rough knot.

Holding open the pink towel that should have clung tight around her chest, covering her wonderful size bosoms. She froze.

Max saw his other Aunt, the most reserved of them, Avery.

Holding up a set of neatly arranged clothes in her arms, she appeared to have been unpacking before she decided to perhaps, teasingly place a kiss on her elder sister’s nipples for fun.

For a moment, it looked as if time had stopped.

"It’s not what you-"

"I’m sorry." Before his Aunt Avery, Ava and Annabelle’s mom could voice out that it was a misunderstanding. Max closed the door.

’Fuck.’ Causing inwardly, Max stepped away and walked to the next door which was no doubt the room he was searching.

With the clear image of Aunt Sarah’s massive tits and shaven area between her legs in his head, he saw Evelyn preparing what seemed to be her bed.

Just like the previous room, this room was spacious granted that it had a glass that presented a good view of the sea and rocks.

"You’ll sleep here- if you don’t mind. Dad said he’ll make do elsewhere that we can have the room all to ourselves. If you don’t mind, I’ll like us to combine all of the beds together."

Shortly after he entered, Evelyn gestured towards his little luggage by the side of the room.

"Okay."

Nodding, Max walked towards one of the beds and pushed it forward to Evelyn’s surprise.

"--Thanks." momentarily speechless by his strength, she said moving out of the way while he pushed the next bed.

After he was done, Max saw that all three beds were pushed together and nodded at Evelyn.

"The shower’s got a little problem but I think dad’s already fixed it." she said, pointing at the sleek wooden door at one corner of the room.

"Thanks."

...

Evening.

The sky was deepening to lavender when the long wooden table on the villa’s stone terrace began to fill with laughter, the clinking of glasses, and the scent of grilled lemon and rosemary.

Aunt Sarah, Raven, Chloe, Avery, his dad.

Noah, Evelyn, Annabelle,Daisy, Blake, Daniel, Olivia,and Ava. Everyone gathered, eating while raising several conversations between themselves.

Ivy was the only one absent after taking injury as a result of the pounding he gave last night.

Interrupting his quiet thoughts...

"You know," said one of the aunts, lifting her glass-

"This is already one of my favorite trips. Fresh air after a long while and the kids not glued to screens for once."

At her words, everyone instantly threw a glance at the chubby Daisy who had a book in her hand. A surprising scene.

"Pfft-" Aunt Raven burst out into lively laughter at the sight of the book in her daughter’s hand. Like a chain reaction, Olivia followed suit then the other two.

Laughter bubbled across the table as the rest of them either became influenced.

Seeing Daisy look glum, the laugh gradually quietened. Leaving the air light and humorous.

The dining continued, Daniel and Blake soon locked in a lighthearted debate about whether grilled sea bass counted as "real food" or "just fancy fish," while Annabelle, Ava and Olivia whispered something that made them both cover their mouths in silent giggles.

Scooping a serving of the seafood fregola, Max tasted it before passing it to Evelyn’s side dish.

’It smells like the sea and tomato vines, with steam rising between shells and shrimp tails.’ Mac thought.

Just then, Evelyn returned to her seat beside him, throwing him a glance as she saw the seafood fregola

"It’s good... you can try it." Max said, his voice low just for her to hear.

Glancing at the dish then back at his face. She looked hesitant but then picked it up.

"Nice-"

"A glass or few doesn’t hurt. Take this."

Bringing a strong whiff of alcohol to his father’s voice reached him, his outstretched arm right before his face with a filled glass of alcohol.

This action caused the table to quiet down a little as everyone turned to Max. The most quiet of cousins if ranked behind Daisy.

Still, his usually introverted personality drew a sense of curiosity towards him. Most especially his Aunties.

The questions ringing in their heads would probably be ’Did he take after his father’s likeness for strong booze?’ while he already gave this crown to Evelyn after her relationship turned messy. No one else knew.

Staring at the glass, Max took it without a word and began gulping it down.

"Ggrrgl-" gurgling sound came as his Adam’s apple moved.

From the corners of his eyes, Max could see the focused attention on him. And the most intense ones came from his aunts. Most especially his two Aunts, Sarah and Avery who he caught perking, smooching tits.

Gbam!

When he was done, Max dropped the glass on the table and closed his eyes shut for a moment before his slightly flushed face disappeared.

’Cunning bastard.’ cursing his father inwardly, Max forced himself to stay clear headed and unaffected.

Because unlike the alcoholic smell the drink gave, which was rum. It had been mixed with a high amount of distilled spirit.

"My son isn’t the only man, yeah alright. Why don’t you boys pass over your glass?"

Following the silence that ensued after Max drank the glass fill. His father turned to the women with a grin on his face , waving the bottle to their face as he winked at Noah, Blake and Daniel who all seemed to want to taste it too. Obviously challenged by Max’s tolerance.

"Bring it on, Noah, pass your cup." The person to respond was Aunt Raven who herself gestured for her cup to be filled before her son.

"Hold up."

Realizing his father’s mischievousness , Max watched him stand up and fill Aunt Raven’s glass.

Seeing their mother’s didn’t seem to reject either Blake and Daniel stretched out their glass.

"Here you go boys." Clearly having referred to his son as a man, his father calling the rest of them boys could be described as mocking them.

Not holding back after they had their glass filled, each directly attempted to gulp it in one gulp.

"Tricky bastard." Gripping the glass tight, Aunt Raven’s face had become a pink flush as she heaved slightly over the extended period of time she held her breath drinking.

"Oh really." Hearing this, Max saw his father release a tricky smile. His eyes locked on Noah and co for their reaction.

"Pfft!" Barely drinking the glass half way, Blake quickly turned and spitted out the remaining content in his mouth.

"Fuck!" He cursed as he slammed the glass.

"Argh!"

Noah followed, squeezing his eyes shut, he grunted and dropped the glass. There was a little more than half remaining in the glass.

Seeing this Olivia and the rest appeared shocked.

Turning their focus to Daniel-

"Argh!!!" Daniel exhaled loudly and dropped the empty glance. His eyes had changed in color from squeezing them shut. His face flushed, he raised a thumbs up at Max.

"Wow." Olivia and the girls turned to the bottle in his father’s hand, gulping at it.

"Welcome to the men’s world."

Rather satisfied than disappointed, his father grinned at them.

"What kind of tricky man are you?" Aunt Raven spoke, examining the glass in her hand as she took another whiff of it.

"Highly distilled spirit and rum. You not spitting it out is a high pass." His father said.

"What a surprise Dan." Noah upon seeing Daniel’s empty glass, gave up.

Only Blake looked highly disgusted.

In order to satiate the girls curiosity-

"Here you go."

The remaining content in the bottle was poured into their cup.

Not long after that-

h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h hh h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 150: -Six unexpected figures -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Morning.

The sky was painted in soft pastels when they emerged onto the villa’s stone steps, yawning and stretching beneath the golden early light as the sea below shimmered gently.

Olivia, Noah, Ivy, Ava—everyone was all dressed up and outside, ready to visit Cala Goloritzé—the beach.

Not just Max, but the others could be seen inhaling the air.

Crisp, with a salty breeze, it all seemed to hint at how adventurous their day would become. Even more so for Max.

Parked by the carved road that traced toward the uphill, the two pairs of big SUVs they drove in yesterday were waiting and had all of their doors open.

Max could see his dad wiping his hands with a towel while getting down from one of the vehicles.

Walking towards his father, the former, who had already sighted him, dropped the towel on the ground.

"What’s up, son."

"I’m good." Replying to his dad’s hood greeting, Max followed behind him as the former led him to the open trunk.

"Anything you might need that’s not included?" his father asked, nudging his hand at the neatly packed beach bags filled with towels, waterproof cameras, a Bluetooth speaker, and a wicker picnic basket jointly prepared by his aunts.

’Focaccia, olives, fruit, and sparkling San Pellegrino on ice?’ Inwardly listing the combination, Max was very impressed.

"Alright, it’s time to leave, Sarah." Hailing at his pink-haired aunt, his father gestured at his wristwatch.

"Come on."

Just then, Ava quickly flailed her arms, grasping Olivia’s wrist—who then pulled Annabelle along.

"Please, hold up, we forgot something." She shouted, drawing everyone’s attention to their departing figures.

Dismissing the thoughts of what they could be up to, Max stepped into the back passenger seat of the first SUV.

While putting on his sunglasses, he discovered that his hair was still damp from the shower and shrugged slightly.

Slipping into the seat before him, Evelyn tied up her hair into a ponytail, then adjusted the linen wrap around her waist.

Entering the driver’s seat, his father cranked up the playlist.

Unlike last time, Aunt Chloe came to sit in the second front seat instead of Raven.

"Hold up, we’re back." Ava called out loud, heaving from the little race they had, as Olivia and Annabelle followed after, revealing a mysterious smile.

Gbam!

Seeing the door had been shut and the second vehicle seemed ready—

"Alright."

Tires crunched along the carved path as they descended the winding road towards Santa Maria Navarrese, the nearest marina.

Driving by the village from before, they saw fishermen at the docks. A bustling scene of families moving around with no surprise to their vehicles.

Not long after, they arrived at the pier where a sleek white private motorboat with teak decking and plush leather seating shaded by the sun canopy awaited them.

Waving at them, a local captain in dark shades walked forward and greeted them with a Sardinian accent before helping them load their things aboard.

"You men should lend a hand, would you?"

Smirking at them, his father seemed to be keen on what he said last night and referred to them as men.

While they assisted the captain in loading, Max discovered that the females, including his aunts, directly boarded the ship without turning their heads.

Just when they were done—

The boat pulled away from the dock with a low hum and began slicing through the calm morning sea.

"Are you ready for this?" Olivia asked, bringing out her phone as she took a shot of the ocean while smiling at him.

"You know—I did my research yesterday and this beach, Cala Goloritzé, is actually very, very cool. Can’t wait to check if it’s real." Sharply joining in, Ava brought her phone up to his face and took a selfie of them both.

"Gosh—why are you all acting clingy around him?"

Causing the girls to jerk their heads toward him, Blake stepped onto the bow cockpit where they sat with a disgruntled look before walking forward.

"Try looking more handsome, bro—"

"And." Seeing Blake push his dyed hair backward, Ava snickered.

However, Blake didn’t seem to pay attention to her. Standing before Max, who was on a deck chair enjoying the cruising sea breeze.

"... Hey bro, I know things may not have started cool between us since I was such a headegg... I want to apologize."

Silence

Apart from the breezing sea wind, nothing could be heard for a moment as the girls came to an abrupt halt.

Seeing Blake stretch his hand for a shake, Max watched him in silence for a moment before standing up to receive his hand.

"We are good." Max said while Blake visibly nodded, unable to say another word for a while.

"Wow, Blake, that was awesome."

"Never knew my brother could be so cool." Just as Blake was about to slip back into the cockpit, Ava and Olivia’s mocking voices caused him to grit his teeth.

Just as Max was about to sit back down, he saw Noah raising a thumbs-up at him.

Following that, the atmosphere on the boat turned quite amicable as the coastline rolled by in layers of jagged cliffs, hidden caves, and tiny inlets.

Olivia and Ava now leaned against the rails, pointing out sea arches and laughing at seagulls overhead.

At the back, Daisy could be seen dipping her fingers into the water despite the words of her mother, Aunt Raven, which caused them to notice her presence.

About thirty minutes later, the sun crept higher, warm now, as it kissed the shoulders and bounced off the waves like scattered diamonds.

Max saw his father look over his shoulder—Aunt Chloe sat cross-legged on one of the side benches in the cockpit as she gazed out, toward the endless blue they were leaving behind.

Up ahead, the captain slowed the boat.

"There," he said, nodding toward the cliffs as everyone excitedly stood up.

There, the iconic limestone spire of Cala Goloritzé rose out of the coastline like a stone sentinel. Below it: a crescent of white pebbles, lapped by the clearest turquoise water they’d ever seen.

No crowds. No noise. Just beauty.

"Looks fake," Ava whispered.

"No," Olivia retorted. "Looks like exactly where we’re meant to be."

Soon later, the anchor dropped, and the engine went quiet.

"Alright," said the captain. "Now you swim." Causing all of them to look lost for a moment. Exactly the men who would be carrying their stuff.

"No way," Daniel muttered.

"Alright, we’ll assist you boys—or men, whatever it is you now refer to yourselves as." Gazing at his father, Aunt Sarah said.

"Thanks, Mom." Popping out a joyous smile, Daniel didn’t wait and jumped into the crystal-clear water.

As siblings, Max and Evelyn picked up a sealed cooler and swam to the shore.

"Look! There are actually people on the beach!" Calling out to the rest of them, Daniel, who had jumped in first, was already walking out of the water.

At the sound of his voice, everyone quickly noticed a group camping by the beach with what seemed to be a barbecue stand behind a cliff.

From the look of it, the other party had noticed their arrival and began to gather.

As they swarmed closer and closer, Max noticed six figures standing next to the barbecue stand as they awaited their presence.

A man, woman, a young woman, a girl looking to be the same age as him, a boy around thirteen, and a smaller girl around six or seven.

"It’s a family—Raven, I thought you bought every allocation?"

Swimming with a basket in her hand, raised up above the waters, Aunt Sarah said, her expression turning cautious as the water got lower and lower, stepping on soft sands.

"Relax, I checked out the people who bought the reservation. They aren’t average." Aunt Raven said, already putting on a smile as they got up from the waters.

Just as he followed suit, Max found himself disconnected from his aunt’s conversation as he locked eyes with a particular figure.

’What’s she doing here?’

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 151: - seeing Kats once again-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’What’s she doing here?’

Yes, what’s she doing here.

These were Max’s thoughts as he sighted Kats amongst the unfamiliar figures near a barbeque stand.

As his gaze fell on her, the other party also seemed to have gotten enough view to make out their facial details.

"Max?"

"Sebastian?"

One surprised and the other more of a casual hello to an old friend.

Max felt several gaze on him at this instant.

"You know her?" Olivia who just happened to be near him whispered as they all kept their eyes on the other party.

Somehow, Max felt he could understand his relatives’ caution.

As a renowned family that owned several global companies, being alone with a group on a remote island held uncertainty to their safety. What about if it was an assassination attempt?

"Brooks!"

Ignoring the strange questioning gaze from the women, a vigorous voice dismantled the cautious atmosphere.

Just then, Max saw his father walk past him.

Stamping hard on the beach sands with a trail of it behind, the other man who looked slightly scrawny compared to his father, walked forward as they intercepted each other with a warm welcoming hug.

"Been a long time-"

"Same here, it’s so nice to see you... with family now." As they separated from their hug, his father took a deliberate look at the women and kids behind.

"Yup, I see you also have a little company." Gesturing at voluptuous women behind-

"Oh, you’re very much mistaken, Brooks."

Turning to them his father held the other man’s shoulder and turned to them-

"Sarah, Raven, Chloe, Avery. This is Brooks, he’s from the Petrov family and also a good old friend of mine."

"Brooks, these are my in-laws from the Riders family."

Although it was unseen, the caution in the air seemed to have been dismissed upon hearing the other was a member of the Petrov family.

Although Max didn’t know the details of this family, it sounded quite Russian. And from knowing Kats was a Class three student back in Elite Metropolitan, her standings in the family shouldn’t be that high. Meaning they were at least a close family branch to the main branch.

"Nice to meet you ladies."

Revealing a bright smile, the man walked to the four women for a handshake.

Smiling quite formally, the women reciprocated, apparently more at ease that he wasn’t someone random or average.

Seeing that the adults had shown familiarity to each other, Kats didn’t wait. And ran towards Kats.

Seeing her big firm boobs bouncing as she spade through the lofty beach sands in a pink bikini. Noah, Daniel and Blake especially gulped. Glancing towards Max with slight disbelief.

"What a silent monster, how did he do it?"

"As expected, silent guys are the deadliest when it comes to luring girls into their traps." judging from the way Kats was all smiles and happy, mindlessly running despite their gaze, Daniel and Noah commented, whilst Blake couldn’t speak, more attracted to the bouncing sites.

Much more than the guys, the girls were more surprised. Being more inspective than the other gender.

From the happy glints in Kats eyes and how wide her lips are, they knew the reunion was more than just friends or best friends. Max wasn’t the type who looked like he had someone that close to begin with.

His current expression also didn’t seem excited or happy, the same placid interested look.

With all these telepathic calculations between the girls who had tasted Max’s D, there was only one answer.

’A cock reunion.’ They all thought.

Not caring, Kats wrapped her arms right around Max’s figure in a ladylike manner.

"It’s so good to see you." squeezing him, she seemed too excited and Max could only reciprocate in the same manner under the gazes of his cousins and every other person.

Using a moment to absorb the feeling of her big, round firm molds. He wrapped his hand around her thick waist while he caught a smile from the pale skinned lady with blue eyes who looked like an older version of Kats, with even bigger boobs.

From this, Max guessed that she was probably Kats elder sister.

"How have you been,Kats."

They stayed together for a moment before Kats seemed to have gotten enough of him and responded.

"I have been good." She said, hiding her surprise that he actually talked.

"Right- these are my cousins-" gesturing at his cousins who waited for their little reunion. Olivia quickly walked forward with Annabelle and Ava just by her side.

"I’m Olivia."

"I’m Ava."

"I’m Annabelle."

"Noah."

"Blake."

"Daniel."

"... Daisy."

"Evelyn."

They all took turns listing their names, with a cool front. And when it got to Evelyn, Kats eyes seemed to brighten which everyone noticed.

"Hi, I attend the same school as Max. And this is my older sister: Tatiana. junior brother: Boris. Niece: Talya."

"Nice to meet you." Kats elder sister said with a thick Russian accent unlike Kats who seemed to have been raised solely in America.

To her side, the boy who looked to be around 13, shrugged nonchalantly and resumed playing his mobile video game.

"That’s cool- Is that Atlantis?" Just as the boy was about to put on his other air pod, Daniel said with a smirk, apparently having found a fellow bro.

The boy seemingly froze and also raised his head to glance at Daniel.

"You play?" With a thick Russian accent, the boy raised one of his brows.

"Why not? I’m a level 300 player." Daniel said, and at his words the boy seemed momentarily shocked.

"Ava, my phone is in that bag." Moving towards Ava, Daniel gestured at the bag she was holding and slipped it out.

"Let’s play."

"Well, that was straight." Seeing Daniel walk away with the boy, Olivia turned to Kats.

"Perhaps you might as well tell us about our cousin Max while we set things up."

"Come on, let’s go."

Before Kats knew it she was already surrounded by the three girls who directed her to where they would set their things.

Following that, everyone dispersed across the narrow crescent white beach with specific purpose and a common goal. To unload their things.

"I never knew you had friends- other than that girl."

As they settled the cooler near a low, flat rock, shaded partly by a stone cliff. Evelyn who had been quiet the whole while finally spoke up.

"... We are not exactly friends." Thinking for a moment, Max caught his sister’s suspicious eyes. However his words only seemed to confirm them.

"I got the towels," Olivia shouted, drawing their attention as she pulled out several rolled beach towels from a waterproof bag and began tossing it towards each of them.

"Feels better lying on the dry patch of smooth stones." Seeming to be getting along, Kats helped out. Her notorious flair and arrogant nature nowhere to be seen.

"Alright girls, time to pull up."

Finished with their parental discussion, Aunt Raven was the first to walk over in her wet dress . Signaling that they take off their clothes.

"Go into the tent."

Gesturing at the tent belonging to Kats Russian family, Aunt Sarah who was behind her also seemed jovial all of a sudden without any show of restraint.

Clap! Clap! Clap!

"Men, let’s gather things together."

Hearing his father’s clap, Max turned away from Evelyn’s departing back towards the tent.

From the look of things, both sides already agreed to have a joint good time.

With no other words said, the guys quickly moved to restation every they brought. Whilst both men headed towards the boat to bring back what was left on it.

Moving solo this time, revealed his true strength by carrying the cooler by himself. Hurrying quickly after to carry the water proof bags and food baskets alongside the rest of his cousins.

"Wow."

Just as he was about to set a deck chair, Max saw Noah’s speechless expression and trailed after the direction of his eyes only to be stunned by the sight.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 152: - Do you suck breasts that good? Curiosity -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Wow."

Just as Max trailed after Noah’s gaze, he saw– Aunt Sarah, dressed in a halter high back pink bikini, and her luscious pink hair drafted above her shoulders.

Despite the fact that they were wholesomely covered, her massive milkers remained the most eyes catching features her body offered. Granted that they were held firmly and caged in an uplifting manner.

Trailing down after that was her curvaceous waist and thick thighs. Unseen big buttocks behind.

Next to her, Aunt Raven, no less charming and even more daringly attractive. She didn’t hold back any measures as a mother.

Wearing a yellow sunflower patterned teardrop bikini that hung exceptionally around the few areas that covered her bikini, leaving her hefty bosom exposed to eyes of the male species, she winked at the boys.

Standing in the midst of his cousin, Max knew her wink was directed at him.

Barely able to move their eyes from the luscious sight of both milkers. Aunt Chloe was less appealing because she wore a boy shorts type of bikini. Bottoms that resemble snug, low-rise shorts.

Her big tities were fully covered, same with her ass cheeks. Suppressing her blush as she met Max’s gaze for a moment, she quickly turned away and focused on Blake.

"How do I look?"

"... you look so good."

It took Blake a moment to organize his thoughts, and raise his thumbs at his mother.

Slightly tan skin, the shortest among them, Aunt Avery similarly wanted to maintain her figure before her kids.

"What about me?" Trying her best to be noticed, Olivia popped up in front of her mother.

Dressed in a fringe scuba bikini, her flat chest barely showed any bumps, like a kid if only she hadn’t received a cock more than eight inches in size before.

"You?" A mocking sneer escaped Blake’s lip, finally finding the opportunity to deal her a terrible verbal blow.

"Get your flat screen out of my face."

"Bastard." Embarrassed, Olivia showed no restraint and quickly dashed after Blake who ran towards the water.

But that was only a momentary fare to the stunning sight.

Ava and Annabelle both wore black and indigo bandeau side tie bikini. A peek at their boobs were easily accessible, just like their ass cheeks and legs were.

Topping his sight the whole time was also his sister, Evelyn. She wore a peek-a-boo bikini, which revealed the lower cleavage and supple skin of her tits.

Appreciating the sight, he shifted his attention to Daisy.

Despite being chubby, her appearance was quite provocative. She wore a long sleeve crop bikini that provided coverage of her boobs and arms. Walking casually towards her brother Noah who seemed to have adjusted to the view.

Seeing that their mother’s were already applying something on their body-

"Sunscreen!"

Pulling along Annabelle, Daisy, Evelyn, and Kats who seemed to know what to connect with them, -Ava kicked sand in her wake.

To the other side, Max saw that both fathers were by the grill with a cold beer in hand, apparently discussing old times.

"Okay... see you later."

Pulling his eyes from the highly sensual view of the girls applying what appeared to be oil on their bodies. Noah nodded at him and turned to walk away.

Alone, Max also took his eyes from the girls and turned towards the crystal clear turquoise waters. Watching it transition from pale blue near the shore to deep azure farther out.

"Beautiful." Max muttered under his breath before deciding to explore on his own.

Not long after walking away from the gathering, he found a dramatic limestone pinnacle rising sharply from the surrounding cliffs into a natural iconic spir, with white pebbly sand and large rocky outcrops scattered along the shore.

"Privet"

Just as Max was about to sit atop a big rock, he heard a thick Russian feminine accent call out from behind him.

Halting for a moment, he turned to look at who it was, despite having guessed based on the language.

Appearing composed with an unreadable smile on her lips, Kats elder sister in a V-neck one piece swimsuit stared at him.

"-Hello"

Responding with a nod afterwards, Max kept his eyes on her with a piqued silent expression.

"Hmmm- nice." Nodding she began walking forward.

Raising her head for a moment from watching her steps-

"So... You’re Max." She said, her smile even more unreadable than it was before.

Watching her walk past him until she stood on a big rock two meters away from him, Max finally responded with a simple answer.

"Yes."

"Nice, I’ve heard about you, even though not verbally, I can tell from what I saw today."

Tilting her head away from the crystal clear water, she faced him.

"I don’t understand."

Meeting her eyes, Max responded with a raised brow.

"My sister... ever since she came back, she often cursed at her screen, complaining about a boy who blocked her and all. There was one time I saw her use a vibrator while staring at the chat screen which happened to have the name Max on it." Saying this, she folded her arms with a curious expression while staring at him.

Inwardly stunned, Max envisioned Kats doing such and felt incredibly speechless.

"You don’t need to say anything, I know who you are Max. And you probably did something to my sister.

Imagine, I have never seen her like that before, so happy at the sight of a male. Usually she would be the one to have boys like you grovelling to have a feel of her tits... Tell me, what exactly did you do to my sister?" She paused, her voice calm, collected and assessing.

Casting a quick scan over him from head to toe, her expression appeared dismissive.

’What can such a boy offer Kats to make her act like? Good looks?’

Simply finding no reason, her eyes met Max’s once more.

"-Do you suck breasts that good?"

Her lips curled into a smile and her arms tightened around her big ample bosom. Making them appear more seductive and attractive. She acted like sly.

Watching her, Max couldn’t help but ponder all she had said.

’So what does she want?’

Calmly meeting her eyes, he decided to take the bait.

"Yes."

There was silence for a moment, followed by a brief look of surprise.

Apparently, she hadn’t expected Max to take the bit. More of to answer coolly like it was a natural thing to do.

"I see, you’re very bold aren’t you?"

Her curious expression didn’t cease, staring intently at Max’s expression like she wanted him to break his facade.

Max didn’t reply, instead he kept his cool.

"Oh I see, do you think I am that cheap and easy to acquire?" Suddenly her eyes turned to that of interest.

"No... but yes." Max said, after a silent deliberate pause. His tone hinted that he wasn’t contradicting his first statement.

"Oh, why yes?"

Her arms were still folded and presenting her appetizing melons before him.

"Why are you curious?" Not wanting to respond, Max asked, maintaining eye contact.

"Because I see you staring at my boobs boy- you were quick but I caught your eyes, didn’t you boy?"

For the first time, Max curled his lips slightly. This wasn’t because he found her statement funny but because he remembered the various screams and shouts referring to him as ’Daddy’. Being called a boy repeatedly sounded funny.

"Yes... you’ve got big boobs worth sucking. Do you want me to suck it to see why Kats is all crazy over me? Come to think of it, isn’t that why you’re here? To steal your sister’s guy or wonderful ’something’ that’s got her crazy in order to have an edge over her."

At his words her composure cracked and she appeared momentarily speechless.

"What are you two doing here?"

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 153: -The Spectating Aunt Raven-**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What are you two doing?"

Resting both hands on her waist with her massive chest in bikini, Aunt Raven gallantly stood on a rock, gazing at them.

"Nothing."

To his side, Max saw Kats elder sister curl her lips into a light smile. Her expression bright and not seeming fazed by Raven’s appearance.

"What about you, what are you doing here?"

Surprisingly she questioned back, watching his Aunt intently.

"Well, quite the question. I was just here to check things out."

"Oh really." Kats elder sister smiled and glanced at Max who raised his brows sensing her attention had been focused on him.

"Alright, alright. Seems we are both understanding. Max, from the look of things she wants you to fuck her."

Silence.

For a moment only the sound of the washing wave could be heard.

Kats elder sister, Tatiana appeared stunned, probably not believing that his aunt could say something so bold like it was casual. Her composure broke for a moment until she turned and saw Max’s expression was calm, but his gaze was still on Aunt Raven.

One, two, three... five seconds passed, Max didn’t say anything and Tatiana only seemed to grow attracted to him like he would be crazy to accept something like that.

However, at this moment, Max turned to her. His eyes calm-

"Do you?"

Tatiana’s expression instantly turned to relief seeing Max wasn’t as timid or clear-minded with principles as she thought.

Putting a sly smile-

"Wait, I thought you whites are calm, principled and follow righteous doctrine?" She said, however, Max didn’t say anything. Aunt Raven continued staring from the rock realizing what Max wanted to do.

So neither spoke any word until Tatiana accepted to say what she wanted.

"Yes... I do."

"You do what?" Max calmly stared at her.

"Yess, I want us to do it, American boy... Oh, or is this what you want to hear? I want youto fuck me."

No longer caring, she seemed to have thrown away the facade and revealed her true colors.

"What about your aunt-" Seeing him silent, Tatiana turned towards Aunt Raven, causing the latter to smile.

"You don’t need to worry about that, if he agrees I’ll spectate to see how it goes."

Her words stunned Tatiana who had only asked to prob, thinking Raven was just here to help him pouch for beauty.

"You guys can’t possibly do it here, come I have been to this place a number of times though it always lacked these sought of adventure I know a few spots."

Hearing this, Tatiana skeptically observed Max for a moment.

"Let’s go would you? It feels like I suddenly know why Katerína fell for you."

Without a word, Aunt Raven led them between the rocks and white pebbles.

A total of three minutes later, they arrived by a big giant rock that settled by the waters, surrounded by a few others.

"Here." Pointing at an area under the rock beside the waters that had a shade to it, she smiled and stood.

Feeling quite reluctant that she turned her ass away with him already envisioning how it would feel to be between both cheeks again,- Max raised his head to see the direction she pointed out.

"What a hidden spot." Tatiana said, glancing towards him before walking forward.

Throwing Aunt Raven a silent glance, Max walked forward and stood before Tatiana.

"Okay, I know this might sound awkward but you two should begin with a kiss." Secretly winking at him before Tatiana tilted her head, she smiled brightly.

"I have no problem with that." Smiling , Tatiana revealed that she was okay with it while looking at Max for his response.

Following the three’s agreement, Tatiana acted first, revealing that she was now deeply curious about Max.

First she directly grabbed his hands, moving close to him, then placed them on her butts.

Feeling their hyper sensual provocation, Max met her eyes.

"I can’t believe I’m going to this with a high schooler." She told herself before pressing her head forward.

"Hmmmm– " it only took a moment for a moan to escape her lips.

Grabbing hold of her hard soft ass, she placed both arm on his shoulders.

Smooch! Smooch! Smooch!

Their lips parted, making way for each other as they tasted their own saliva, mixed with heated breath that continued to grow.

Smooch! Smooch! Smooch!

Both hands on her ass, Max could smell the scent of her arousal.

Rubbing both ass cheeks through the fabric of her bikini, the pace of their smooching continued until they were absorbed in it.

Truly horny.

"Hmmm- smooch."

Watching this scene, Aunt Raven found a big rock and sat. But that wasn’t all.

She parted both legs slightly, and slid one finger between her legs then began rubbing them slightly.

By now both Max and Kats elder sister who was around 25 with a child had gotten to a heated stage where she couldn’t take it.

Smooch!

"Hmmmm -" she moaned into his mouth.

"Hmmmm-" forcing them to separate, she stared at him for a moment before hurriedly moving down in a haste.

"Let me se–" she could barely contain her surprise when she witnessed how big the tent formed in his pants.

"Oh my-" driven by curiosity, she pulled up his bandana shirt. Following was his pants. When she did, her mouth opened agape when at the sight of the monstrosity pushing hard against the fabric of his boxers.

"Wow." In disbelief, Tatiana slowly pulled down the band of his underwear.

One- two- three

Slowly tracing it down, she saw the base, the popping veins that traced the surface of his cock.

At some point his cock bounced free before her face.

"This-"

Tatiana’s expression turned to that of instant enlightenment upon seeing it.

Based on appearance alone, Max’s cock size would make any woman who loves adventure and thrill fight over him.

Thinking,-

’That girl-’ she thought inwardly. But then Max wanked his cock a bit to gain her attention seeing she was frozen.

"Lose the straps of your bikini, I want to see your tits."Hearing Max calm words as he stared down at her, Tatiana looked surprised and arched her head upward.

Not only did Max with his big cock change, his aura at the moment was dominative.

"Oh, are you dominative?" Tatiana asked.

"When I want to." Max calmly replied.

Hearing this Tatiana appeared even more curious- she only hesitated for a moment before doing as he said while still on her knees.

Acting seductive as her eyes rolled upward towards him, she steadily moved her hands and began loosening the straps around her shoulders.

’This feels great.’

Max thought inwardly as he watched the straps around her neck loosen.

Her unblemished skin was revealed, tracing down to her chest Max discovered that her breasts trembled with every slight touch. To further enhance this aspect Tatiana pulled down her bra, cupping them in her palms. She massaged and weighed them before him.

"I still lactate."

Tatiana said, smirking as she seemed to have caught interest in what he wanted.

However Max didn’t answer, his cock only grew more furious and hard.

Tatiana finally stopped massaging them in bra by letting it drop on the floor.

Presented with a full view of her breasts, Max discovered that they were still firm despite the fact she was a mother. Not only was her pointed nipples thick but also dripping with slightly whitish liquid.

Obviously, her breasts milk and had pressed out while she was massaging them in a bra.

Just the beginning, Tatiana grabbed both of her boobs and it instantly shot out milk, causing Max desire to sky rocket.

"Suck my cock" Max demanded.

At his words, Tatiana smiled and without hesitation grabbed the base of the hardened warrior before plunging it in her mouth.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h H h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 154: - Milfs-**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Slurp!

The sound was distinct alongside the crashing wave from afar since the water close by was as calm as a lake.

Plunging his cock inside her mouth, Max felt a cool warmth envelope him, blanking his thoughts for a moment while he savored the pleasuring feel.

Kats elder sister didn’t just stop there, Titania quickly warmed her mouth with saliva, lubricating the dry surface of his hardened member with veins streaks across it.

"Hmmm-" she hummed, using a moment to recover her breath while throwing him an upward glance to see his pleated appearance.

Slurp!

She brought his cock, holding it by the base and rolled her tongue across it.

Slurp!

Then she began to slowly bob her head.

"Argh-" Max groaned slightly, deeply pleasured by how good her blow job skills were.

Closing his eyes for a moment, Max focused on the feel and he could feel himself exploring her mouth.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

The slurpy sound kept coming.

Due to the thrilling outdoor experience, Max could tell by how increasingly slurpy and smooth Tatiana’s action was that he was releasing an incredible amount of precum.

Just then, as he was unable to hold back the feeling and wanted to hold Tatiana’s hair. He felt something big, soft and heavy press against him.

Opening his eyes, Aunt Raven had hands her over his shoulders from the side, while pressing her chest against him.

Smiling lustfully, she released her hands and held up her massive tits to his face shaking them quite awesomely.

On her knees, Tatiana brought out his cock from her mouth. Her lips dripped with saliva and precum while using the moment to recover her breath.

However, after what appeared to be a thoughtful expression on her face, she took back his cock, her teeth grazing his veins while her tongue enveloped it in the slippery warmth of her mouth.

Inhaling a mouthful of air, Max raised his hands, grabbing his aunt’s milkers that could be barely contained in the bikini she was wearing.

"Hmmmm."

Closing her eyes shut in the same moment, Aunt Raven hummed feeling his hands cup her massive breasts.

"Oh, take it easy Max."

Trying to ease his grip which had actually turned very firm trying to squeeze out her milk, Aunt Raven laughed softly.

"Here you go."

Instead of him just massaging her tits, Aunt Raven held her tits herself to his face.

"Suck them." She said,

Already receiving a wondrous blowjob from a Russian lady with great precision, and was enjoying the feel of awesome big boobs. Max was slightly stunned by his aunt’s move.

Not holding back, he slipped her bikini bra up to reveal her big pink nipples. An instant later he latched onto one of them like a small child. Sucking the hardened pink and grabbing hold of the other.

"Hmmmm-" in reaction, Aunt Raven exhaled deeply still cupping her own boobs in order to support Max’s sucking.

"Yesss-" she encouraged him erotically, handing him more supple flesh to cover in his hands.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

On her knees, with Max pants halfway down his knees, Tatiana seemed intent on competing with Raven.

The speed at which she took in his cock and slipped it out increased.

Feeling her firm grip on his cock and marveling tongue sucking him, Max bit his nipple.

"Ouch!" Aunt Raven hissed sharply from the pain however the pleasure in her voice was undeniable.

In fact she even let go of one hand and instead used one arm to cup both big tities.

Since Tatiana was already handling his cock, she slipped her fingers underneath her bikini and felt the wet place nestled between her legs.

Dipping one finger between the wet petals-

"Ahhhhhhh -" she moaned, her breath fragile and invoking.

Starting to feel his balls clench, Max let go of her other tits and placed his hand on Tatiana’s head.

In response Tatiana felt pleased and excited feeling his hand over her head.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

The slurpy sound repeated.

"Ahhhhhhh"

"Suck me faster." Max said as he detached from his Aunt’s bosom.

Now free, he placed both hands on Tatiana’s head, grabbing hold of her hairs.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp! Slurp-

No longer hesitating, Max held her head firm and began to thrust inside her mouth to the edge of her throat.

"&##++#!!"

"-#&$+$!!"

"#-#+$+!!"

Insensible gagging sound began to come out of her mouth. Unable to keep up, Tatiana placed her hands his thighs and follow the rhythm instead as he mouth fucked her.

Soon her face and neck began to flush slightly pink and purple from the suffocation. However Tatiana proved to be quite strong, she didn’t try to pull out but instead seemed to enjoy the rough tough treatment.

Just as saliva and precum drip Deon from her chin to her boobs, Max pressed her head and held her firm, wanting to release his load inside her throat.

"I also worked for this."

While Max had his eyes shut, Aunt Raven also went on her knees and quickly drew Tatiana’s head back in order to let his cock out.

An instant, Max felt his sperm shot out. It spilled on Tatiana’s face for the first two waves before his Aunt grabbed the base and shifted it to shoot what was left on her face instead.

"Hmmmm"

"Delicious-" Aunt Raven said.

Silence ensued for a moment before Tatiana regained her breath.

"I didn’t know cum could taste like this"

Whipping the spilled shot on her face , she licked it and nodded with satisfaction.

Whilst at the sight of both ladies and their big breasts, Max felt his erection begin to rise once more before the two ladies could react.

"Now I know why my sister was all over you- she has a good eye."

Staring at the erecting hard pack of meat, Tatiana appeared dazed and spoke.

To her side, Raven was also quite speechless, smirking.

"My turn." She said, whilst Tatiana stood up. Obviously anticipating him to suck her breasts.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

Without delay,Max saw his Aunt put his cock in her mouth. Rolling her tongue around it as she enveloped it in cool warmth.

Slurp!

She kissed the tip and winked at his spectating eyes.

To his side, Tatiana moved closer, pressing her big round breasts against him with a naughty bad girl smile on her lips.

Glancing at her, Max slid one around her waist then sneaked to her right boob in a more comfortable manner. As for the left, he grabbed it from the front.

"Mmmmmmmmm..."

"My nipples are highly sensitive-" she said, heaving to the rhythm of his hands pressing them.

Nodding at her words,Max grabbed both handfuls of tits. Massaging them in his palms a bit, he pressed them hard.l before freeing them from captivity.

Like freed prisoners, both tities shook. Just from the look of the movement, Max knew milk was definitely contained there.

"Ahhhhh" quivering as she inhaled, Tatiana’s eyes rolled backwards as he placed his lips around her nipples and sucked.

’Milk?’

The gold brilliance receded, appearing before a grand manor entrance.

The post was empty, unlike the hall they were before there were no hidden stares directed at him.

Though dark, there were bright lit lanterns fashioned on the walls that illuminated their surroundings, the street outside looked quite deserted, sparse with crowds, and each of these people carried themselves in a dignified manner while working on foot.

Which looked strange, why weren’t they riding carriages instead. Andrew thought, feeling several open glances, some that of interest and caution for the silver haired man leading them.

Whilst the silver haired man, Sir Remus, wasted no time in observing the street before passing through the entrance which turned out to be a veil, as if it was an illusion, the man disappeared.

’Ehn?’ Andrew’s eyes glinted with surprise, sensing the familiarity.

But not dwelling further, he similarly passed through the entrance alongside Ava.

Both siblings disappeared from sight.

Surprisingly they didn’t teleport, the outside from the manor was visible, the passerby, those donning specific Mystic Robes, all these people could be seen from the inside, those outside couldn’t see them, the only thing they could see was a quiet Manor entrance dimmed with the glow of lit lanterns.

’Damn!’ Andrew cursed in his heart as he observed his surrounding.

Spanning for about 100 metersthe two men clad in black Mystic Robe who opened the door bowed slightly, greeting the silver haired

"They are here to join the academy... They are Kieran’s." the man added after a momentary contemplation.’

Andrew noticed the eyes of the beautiful woman still for a split seconds, then her shoulders seemingly relaxed, she exhaled lightly then fitted her glasses before refocusing her eyes on them with a nonchalant look.

"Hand them over" she said, her voice strict as brown tree branches covered in vibrant leaves suddenly shot out from the table and extended towards their hands, then in a split instant the yellow token in their hands was snatched.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 155: - The Peak Of Ecstasy -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Milk?’

This was Max first thought as he tasted the slightly sweet liquid similar to almond milk. Even more fresh, and directly from the source.

Closing his eyes in fulfillment, a restless part of him that wanted to taste breasts milk became satisfied.

"Mmmmm-" exhaling, although unseen, from her shaky trembling breath Max could tell that Tatiana had her pupils rolled back at the moment.

Too engrossed in the action of him sucking her breasts though, Max didn’t spare any further thoughts on that but tried to envelope more of her supple delicious boobs in his grasp.

Slurp!

The sloppy sloshing sounds reached his ears. Kissing his balls, and sucking them like they were special seeds. Max felt his Aunt’s hot breath tracing the surface of his cock.

Embellished in pleasure, Max pressed his face into her bosom even more.

"Hmmmm-" in reaction, Tatiana ruffled his hair encouragingly, her expression that of ecstasy and bliss as she heaved.

slurp! "Mmmmmmmmm" "Smooch!" "Argh-" a remix harmony of pleasure sounded within a few meters around them...

As their intimacy continued, Max recovered every bit of vigor that had been lost in the last round.

Squeezing Tatiana’s boobs, Max placed his other hand on Aunt Raven’s head, grabbing her hair to express that she should pull out his cock from her mouth.

"Hmmmm-" Aunt Raven exhaled, popping out his cock from her mouth with a satisfied smile curling her lips.

."ahhh- ahhh." Tatiana’s breath shook as she moaned, feeling his lips latched tight than ever as he squeezed her breasts one more time.

"All settled-" getting up on her feets, Aunt Raven smirked and at Tatiana.

"I see, I’m going first." Facing Max with lustful eyes filled with anticipation, Tatiana completely pulled her bikini from her shoulders, down to her waist while leaving Max to watch her big rounded boobs jingle as she did so.

Silence ensued for a moment- then Titania flaunted her boobs before Max eyes by weighing them. Quickly turning her back against him, she placed her hand on the giant rock that stood as a part of the cliff above them.

Lowering her back, she arched out her ass towards Max.

"Very nice assets for a Russian..." Aunt Raven commented, impressed by Tatiana’s ass.

Nodding in accordance to his Aunt’s words, Max weighed in his cock in his left hand.

Using his right, he peeled the fabric that stretched between her ass cheeks. Revealing both juicy folds.

"Ahhhh!"

Sharp and erotic, an outburst of countless ecstasy and desires, Tatiana closed her eyes in utmost bliss upon receiving his thrust.

Diving deep into the slippery warm embrace of her squishy folds, Max found the tight clench of her walls to be especially strong, due to the hotness of his cock.

"Ahhhh-" Tatiana hummed shakily as she received his second thrust in her horny pot.

One, two, three... After completely capturing the pleasure of the first, Max continued with steady thrusts filled with manly ease and thrill.

Although no clap sound was yet to be produced, every thick flesh contained in Tatiana’s supple flesh quivered. Her boobs,ass, thighs, even her arms resting on the giant rock for support bent slightly with each and had to be reaffirmed every time.

"Ahhh- Yessssss!" Suddenly Tatiana moaned out loud with a different, more pleasurable pitch.

Opening his eyes slightly, Max saw that his Aunt, Raven was groping Tatiana’s big round, firm breasts.

On her knees, she weighed down both tits before kissing the nipples.

"You’re got milk?"

Aunt Raven brought it out of her mouth in surprise, apparently fascinated with a naughty thrilled smile on her face. For a moment she observed both tits as they jiggled from Max’s thrusts, before appearing thirsty.

Squeezing and Massaging Tatiana’s breasts, Aunt Raven gave it a mouthful of sucking. Even spilling some milk she sprayed out on her face and tits.

Having Max drill through get from a back shot, and his Aunt sucking and pressing out her breast milkshake, Tatiana felt herself in a whole new realm of being used. Unmeasured and unlimited pleasure shot through her.

In all honesty, despite being crazy, Tatiana had never tried a threesome before.

Her desires and fantasy always contained within her heart was undeniably being fulfilled right now.

With each of Max’s thrust going past the resistance of her pussy walls, the deeper she was submerged into a sea of bliss.

Her moans and shouts were no longer restrained, bent while holding onto a giant rock, casted in it’s shadow-

"Ahhhhhhh... yesssssssss."

"Suck my breast... hmmmm-."

"Fuck me... fuck that pussy! Destroy it, it’s yours please."

"Call me Daddy."

One hand on her ass and the other pulling her hair like a slut. Max increased his pace under the juicy lubricant of her walls made from lust.

"Yess Daddy, I’m yours Daddy."

"Fuck my pussy daddy!"

With every thrust, her tits bounced and her ass cheeks quivered.

Suddenly the pitch of Tatiana’s moans, screams and shouts lessened.

Getting off her knees, Aunt Raven, now battered with breasts milk over her massive milkers and face smiled at Tatiana whose pleasure had slightly lessened before moving forward.

"Wow..." zooming in on Max’s big cock covered in Tatiana’s orgasms and horny fluid, as it extended and exited her slippery folds. Aunt Raven became thrilled.

Before Max knew it, she went on her knees and bent just enough, below his cock in a way his thrusts wouldn’t slap her along and took his ball sack in her mouth.

"Argh-" Max groaned in pleasure, feeling the bliss triple and closed his eyes.

"Hmmmmmmmmmmm!" Underneath his thrust, Aunt Raven hummed happily, sucking the trail of juice that traced down.

"Ahh- ahhh- ahhh..."

Tatiana on the other kept moaning, breathing heavily with every of his thrusts as she was brought to the peak of her bliss.

Feeling her wonderland clench more firm and tight around his cock, coupled with his balls contained in his Aunts mouth...

"Argh" he groaned in deep pleasure and increased his pace.

Noticing this, Aunt Raven got on her feet and used her hand to massage his balls instead while also pressing her heavy frontal package on his chest.

""Ahhh- ahhh- ahhh-.... Yesssssss!"

With one last thrust everything erupted, both intertwined figures halted in action—

"I’m cumming!"

(Pardon me)

H h h h h

Hshs

with a halting silence. Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment as she stared between her legs.

Not only her several other girls, ladies and women alike felt the same thing.

" A new offspring?"with a halting silence. Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment as she stared between her legs.

Not only her several other girls, ladies and women alike felt the same thing.

" A new offspring?"with a halting silence. Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment as she stared between her legs.

Not only her several other girls, ladies and women alike felt the same thing.

" A new offspring?"with a halting silence. Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment as she stared between her legs.

Not only her several other girls, ladies and women alike felt the same thing.

" A new offspring?"with a halting silence. Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment as she stared between her legs.

Not only her several other girls, ladies and women alike felt the same thing.

" A new offspring?"with a halting silence. Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment as she stared between her legs.

Not only her several other girls, ladies and women alike felt the same thing.

" A new offspring?"with a halting silence. Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment as she stared between her legs.

Not only her several other girls, ladies and women alike felt the same thing.

" A new offspring?"with a halting silence. Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment as she stared between her legs.

Not only her several other girls, ladies and women alike felt the same thing.

" A new offspring?"with a halting silence. Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment as she stared between her legs.

Not only her several other girls, ladies and women alike felt the same thing.

" A new offspring?"with a halting silence. Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment as she stared between her legs.

Not only her several other girls, ladies and women alike felt the same thing.

" A new offspring?"with a halting silence. Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment as she stared between her legs.

Not only her several other girls, ladies and women alike felt the same thing.

" A new offspring?"with a halting silence. Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment as she stared between her legs.

Not only her several other girls, ladies and women alike felt the same thing.

" A new offspring?"with a halting silence. Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment as she stared between her legs.

Not only her several other girls, ladies and women alike felt the same thing.

" A new offspring?"with a halting silence. Her cheeks flushed from embarrassment as she stared between her legs.

Not only her several other girls, ladies and women alike felt the same thing.

" A new offspring?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 156: -What is she doing here?-**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I’m cumming."

With a thick groan laced with peak pleasure, Max closed his eyes, firmly holding Tatiana’s as.

"Hmmmm-" feeling his heavy striking member lessen with every passing seconds, Tatiana shook her ass while humming in pleasure.

To the side, Aunt Raven had her eyes glued to the lessening shaft about to slip out from Tatiana’s cave.

"Hmmm-"

Inhaling slightly, they both detached from each other.

Max stared down at his rapidly shrinking dick. Tatiana turned her back and rested, visibly trying to regain her breath with her eyes glued on Max shrinking member. Slight disbelief at the fact it once filled her to the brink and made her go Gaga.

"From the look of it, you won’t be able for another round."

His Aunt, Raven spoke, finally settling with her thoughts.

Raising his head, Max nodded Towards her in response.

Though he wasn’t tired or manually stressed from thrusting much, his balls were emptied.

"It’s normal, having so much ridity at your age is already out of the ordinary."

Seemingly reading his thoughts, Aunt Raven began putting her bikini straps where it should have been.

First by cupping one of her big breasts, she hid away one of her nipples, then the second which fought slightly hard before it was contained.

At the sight of stunning aunty, Max kept his gaze on her waist as he trailed down to her ass, then long sexy legs.

"I’m flattered."

Obviously pleased by the look in his eyes as he took in her current appearance, Aunt Raven held her hand up to her massive chest in a ladylike manner.

"Hmmm-"

Drawing Max attention, Tatiana strapped up her bikini, caging her big rounded melons.

On her face there was still a look of satisfaction and fatigue as she smiled at Max.

"I have never been fucked so good in my life before." With no hint of embarrassment, rather a naughty mischievous smile, Tatiana walked close to Max and placed a kiss of lips.

"Thank you." She said, before winking at Aunt Raven.

"Welcome."

Unexpectedly Max decided to reply, receiving his first directly after sex appreciation slightly warmed him.

"We shouldn’t walk along in order not to cause any suspicion..."

"I’ll stay, you too can go." Before his Aunt could elaborate, Max nodded that she was right and he was going to stay back.

Sure enough, the two sexy ladies didn’t disagree and chose to go ahead.

"Okay then."

Watching their curvaceous figures walk through the water, across the white pebbled shore, Max envisioned what he had done to them and felt even more satisfied.

About to turn his eyes to survey his surroundings, he unexpectedly caught sight of a slope inconspicuously constructed on the giant rock that led to the Hill above.

’ A little bit of adventure.’

Staring at it, Max thought after being hesitant before walking towards it.

"Wow..."

After what seemed like a strenuous exercise, Max arrived at the hill and took in the breathless sight of the turquoise water. A mix of serene emerald and blue with a vibe that it was surreal.

’Feels different looking at it from a high point of view.’

Casting his eyes from the ocean, Max turned to survey the hill he was on.

A far cry from the view below. It was filled with jagged, uneven white rocks with what seemed to be little patches of grasses able to survive under extreme heat.

However looking at it more closely, Max realised these stones were hard corals that had been brought out of the ocean and then left here.

"I wonder why."

Going halfway on one knee, Max causally picked a rock equal to his palm size that was riddled with holes.

"Well..."

Just as he flicked the rock away, trailing it down the hill. Max caught sight of two figures sneaking through the white pebbled beach stones, away from the gathering far below, behind a big rock the size of three adults.

"Huh?"

At first Max crunched his brows with a clueless face, however after his brain did the calculations and recognised who those figures were.

He stood and began walking forward.

Just like he had gone unnoticed with two ladies and ended up just fucking one. Max saw two of his Aunts come out from the water, sneaking behind a rock that hid them from the gathering afar.

Aunt Sarah and Avery. The same two he had caught yesterday while they appeared casual with one sucking the others tits.

Especially the pink haired one who always acted composed being the eldest.

’It hurts thinking about it...’ realizing his other Aunt was always silent and composed, he expected it from none of them.

While all these thoughts were being discussed in his mind, Max’s legs weren’t frozen on the spot. Rather he moved with calm, leaping across the jagged corals in order to get the right angle.

Soon after leaping with a turn few degrees to the left, he was able to see his two aunts once more.

Feeling a sudden sense of thrill spill over him, Max got closer to the edge of the hill. Unsuspecting that they could catch sight of him, he watched with slightly squinted eyes as his usually silent, voluptuous, reserved Aunt became aggressive.

Quite the contrasting opposite, Aunt Avery became fiery and Aunt Sarah, Ivy’s mom seemed to become submissive.

Roughly pressing Aunt Sarah to the rock, she grabbed the former’s tities and appeared to aggressively start to massage them. Succumbing her face into what would probably two soft massive balloons.

Although he couldn’t hear the sounds they were making. Could envisioned the soft bartered, uneven breath coming from bought of his Aunts in their heated passion.

One, two, three... five minutes passed and Max continued to watch with glued eyes.

Far below, Aunt Sarah and Avery’s modest bikini were halfway done. Going in on each other’s breasts, one of their hands was hidden, and Max didn’t doubt that they were fingering each other.

However, as he continued watch. He noticed a certain figure scaling the serene water and heading towards the area where the rock was.

’What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure was.

What is she doing here?’

Max thought, realizing who the figure Apologies

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 157: - Spectating-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’What is she doing here?’

Seeing Evelyn walk across the white pebbled shore as she came out of the water, Max’s eyes squinted even more as he watched keenly.

Behind the rock both of his Aunts’ figures in view appeared to have come to a halt. Probably freezing from having heard the sound of crushing pebbles as Evenly came closer.

...

"Max?"

Calling out her brother’s name after being told by the Russian lady, Kat’s older sister, that she saw him hanging around this part of shore. Evelyn- a little bit worried about her brother’s disappearance, skeptically glanced around upon seeing no sign of living things.

’Didn’t I just hear a moan?’

Oblivious of her spectating brother above the hill from afar, Evelyn naturally peaked her ears attentively.

Not believing that she misheard a moan, a lot of things suddenly made sense.

’Who is he fucking ?’

Having harboured suspicion to the fact that her brother was probably fucking one of their female cousins, she locked sight of her surroundings and her eyes quickly settled on the big rocks.

From above, Max watched speechlessly as his sister walked towards the rock where two of his Aunts stood still in their act...

"Wow."

Without much sequence, Evelyn happened to chance upon two of her Aunts, half-nude and their body so close to each other.

Even from afar, Max felt the silent tension along the wind.

There was no dramatic effect.

After what seemed to be five seconds, Evelyn turned back without having to say a word and then swarmed towards the water, heading back.

By the rock, his Aunts adjusted their bikini and walked towards the water.

Having witnessed all these, Max stood lost over the hill and then silently shook his head.

Surveying the hill one more time he decided to head back in order not to cause any alarm.

...

"Max, where have you been?"

Just when he got out of the water after swimming around in it for the past six minutes, Olivia quickly spotted him and waved.

Gathered in a circle which had a platter of barbeque at the centre, the other girls raised their heads from their phone screen to throw him a glance.

"Swimming." Max responded with a small smile.

"You sure took your time."

Daintily biting a piece of meat, Olivia playfully winked at him before turning back.

Sensing that he wasn’t being suspected, Max swept the shore with his eyes to see what the others were doing.

Close to the water, Aunt Raven laid on a beach chair with a book over her face. Sunbathing.

While his Aunt was yet to notice him, Max’s gaze drifted to see his and Kat’s father drinking near the cooler close to the barbeque stand.

"What a surprise."

From his father’s slightly flushed face, Max could tell that the former had surpassed the limit of his alcohol intake while being engrossed in a conversation.

Trying to prepare what seemed to be a self service barbeque was Blake, next to them.

At the same moment the latter seemed to notice his gaze and resumed what he was doing.

Daniel had a smug look as he roughed Kat’s younger brother’s hair. The latter had a solemn look of defeat while staring at his phone screen.

Guessing what had happened, Max shifted his gaze and saw his sister not quite far away with a magazine in hand.

’I doubt she’s reading that...’ Letting his gaze wander on his sister’s impressive appearance he unnoticeably shook his head slightly.

Other than Aunt Raven who was chilling alone, having a sunbath. The rest of the women, mothers, were together talking about something that made them smile and laugh in between.

Just as he savoured their milf figures in silence, two people happened to catch his gaze.

Tatiana and his Aunt, Avery.

The former curved the edge of her lips slightly in a way it wouldn’t be noticed by those around her. Whilst the latter maintained silent composure without a smile.

It was only for a moment before both women turned their eyes away.

"I don’t know what to call that." Whispering to himself, Max bent and sat on the pebbles. Lying halfway as he watched the vibrant clear tranquil sea water.

In the depth of his mind, Max emptied his thoughts.

The shining bright sun, the lively activities going on around him.

’System...’ a moment later he called out in his mind as a holographic screen appeared. Floating mid air and transparent, it remained unseen to no other.

Just like the last time he summoned it, Max saw that it was the same and then sighed softly as he willed inwardly for it to disappear.

"What are you doing all alone?"

Just as he adjusted his arm to rest his upper body. Max felt his face being casted under a big shadow, accompanied with a soft breeze of a familiar scent.

Squinting his eyes slightly, Max saw two big round boobs locked in a padded bikini bra with two tied straps over the person’s neck.

Those the view from below felt too perfect to rear sway from, Max didn’t fail to recognise Kats.

Without saying a word, tilted down his neck and continued to watch the waters.

Seeing he made no motion to acknowledge her, Kat didn’t take offense but rather smiled then stretched out her hand to hand him a disposable cup.

Seeing this, Max crunched up one of his brows for a second before receiving the cup.

Quietly stumped that he took the cup from her, Kats sat down next to him without a second thought.

"I don’t think you have the right to ask me that..." staring inside the cup, observing its content, Max didn’t glance but maintained the same tone, cold and distant.

"Okay then... What is it about me that you hate so much?"

QN: Okay... Apologies so far, for not updating and procrastinating.

I’m really greatful for those who have supported this book so far. Really helped and changed my life with it.

I’ll resume updating two Chapters daily starting from next month. Please keep supporting.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 158: - Warmth filled atmosphere-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At Kat’s question, Max stopped staring inside the cup and tilted his head towards her not expecting that she would be so direct or care about being embarrassed at this point.

Seeming like she poked a hornest, Kats seemed to realise something and froze, only to breathe again and stared right back into Max’s eyes.

Silence...

Silence became embedded between them for a moment before Max took his eyes away and took a sip from the cup, not saying anything.

"Have I ever done anything wrong to you?

Like honestly I don’t even understand you or what you’ve done to me... You blackmailed me into letting you fuck me and then behave like I was nothing, even after sucking my boobs like a starved beast."

Speaking softly and low enough that anyone not close by would think they were recounting good memories, Kats voice withheld so much frustration and confusion. Not being able to discern what it was that made Max disregard her after such a good sex.

’Sure enough, the secret to capturing a woman is to act more complicated than they are. And also, silence is power.’

After smirking inwardly at the thoughts of his silence granted seduction ability had done so far, Max tilted his neck and faced Kats once more.

"You bullied a guy into getting his nose broken because he refused to give you face... He was my classmate."

Stating an obvious lie, Max’s face took in interest and Kats seemed speechless after twitching her eyes in confusion for a moment.

Silence...

The look in Kats eyes went through several varying changes before she spoke up...

"Oh, I didn’t know... But then again you don’t have friends to begin with. Saying you blackmailed me because of that is outrageous."

At this moment Kats anger outweighed her curiosity towards Max. Without another word she stood up to leave. Whilst, Max seeing this was inwardly speechless, barely maintaining his cold distant personal as he stared at her ass.

’That was unexpected.’

Turning to the ocean, Max resumed to watch the distant view with little thoughts toward what just happened.

Divided into separate groups, the gentle giggles and excited laughters could be heard from time to time until the sun was starting to set.

...

"Here, hold this."

"What a big catch there?"

As the bonfire burned brightly under the dark sky, illuminating the area, the rest of the ladies, including Olivia and co included came to see the big Bluefin tuna Kats father caught.

Having remembered that the man’s name was Brooks over the recent hours the males spent fishing, Max silently withdrew the finishing line he had casted into the water.

Daniel, Blake, Noah and the thirteen years old boy who was Kats younger brother were all doing the same thing. Withdrawing their fishing lines.

Everyone’s attention was all drawn to the 0.5 meter size Bluefin tuna struggling to escape.

"Emptied the cooler... perhaps you guys should care to move away."

Just then, apparently having stood there for a second or two, blocked. Sebastian urged the ladies to move away as he motioned for Max to come over alongside Noah.

While the ladies parted to give them space, Max and Noah held the cooler for the tuna to be placed inside.

"Careful, careful there."

Seeing the fish struggle even more fiercely to slither from Brook’s what appeared to be a choking arm grip, everyone held their breath.

"Got you."

"We are going to have a feast."

"It’s my first time seeing such a big fish being caught live."

"Such an unlucky fish."

Just as both available fathers hurled the cooler towards the bonfire, Ava pinched Olivia and hurriedly ran after them.

At this sight, Max withheld the urge to shake his head and walked behind them.

A few minutes later, the ladies got to work on what to prepare with the fish.

Either by curiosity or desire to learn, the daughters also joined in.

Just as Max sat close to the bonfire, about to bring out his phone...

"So I guess there’s nothing left to do huh?" Daniel, Blake, Noah, and... Boris seemed to be in discussion.

Coming next to the bonfire, they all casually sat down next to Max who raised his head to glance at them, and then after a noticeable nod of acknowledgement returned to face his screen.

The barbeque stand was placed five metres away since it ran on gas.

"This is pretty cool."

"I know right? My first time actually spending my night at a beach."

"For real."

"Same here."

"What about you?"

Causing a momentary silence to fall in place, Boris casually nodded at Max.

’huh?’

In order not to show that he heard them loud and clear despite having his attention to his phone. Max raised his brows with a lost, then realized look.

"Oh, my first."

Following that, Max found himself inserted into their discussion from time to time- till the girls showed up to join, spiking the atmosphere into a warm fervour.

By the time the tuna had been grilled enough to make a tasty dish, Max got to learn a lot of things about his other cousins and the school they attended,well- except for Evelyn and Daisy who barely spoke much.

...

"Hmmm... It’s so nice."

"I know my mom mostly prepared this is, so I’m going to give her the compliment. You’re such a great cook mom."

Causing the other Aunts to roll their eyes, Noah flexed his skill to compliment women by showering his mom with most praises.

To this, no one appeared challenged or upset since it was mostly true.

A Russian family and a British family eating together.

After several complicated glances from Kats, by the time that mostly bone remained of the fish, Max got to know the aspects of the Riders business empire each of his Aunts managed, including his father.

As the night got dimmer, additional individual tents were set up.

With assurance that were being protected, everyone chose a tent to sleep. However, an hour later Max got a visitor.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 159: - Visiting Aunt-**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Listening to quiet cracking of the bonfire outside, Max stared at the creeping silhouette outlined through the tent fabric.

"... Still up?"

Seemingly sure that there was no one following it or could, the dark silhouette creeped closer enough to kiss the fabric. As it whispered in a feminine seducing time even if it wasn’t intended.

Silently crouching up an instant after the seducing whisper passed through, Max moved with caution and unzipped the entrance.

Just as the light of the bonfire illuminated the inside of the tent, a luscious body blocked it.

Crouching as it entered the tent without a word, Max made out the silhouette from before to be hers.

Aunt Raven, the tallest of his Aunts.

At the sight of his cool, composed face in silence, she smiled with even more satisfaction.

"Let’s get down to it then, got me slippery wet and hungry down here."

With a breath of impatience and frustration, she crouched lower and began to slip off her pjs ignoring the discomfort.

< about two hours earlier...>

"... C’mon, that was a joke." Ava smacked Annabel’s ass, causing the rest of them around the bonfire to look at the source of the distinctive sound.

"What are you jobless guys bickering about?"

motioning for Blake to shift, Olivia secretly winked at him before sitting down.

Keeping his expression composed, Max also shifted his butt to make space for the rest of the girls. -However, as his gaze skipped each one of them he happened to catch Aunt Raven secretly watching him.

When he caught her eyes, she motioned that he should come meet her.

However as time went, he wasn’t able to escape the series of questions being thrown at him, hindering his movements.

When the barbeque was ready, Aunt Raven managed to pass her message by inserting a piece of paper inside the fish steak she placed on his plate...

...

And so her visit to his tent while the rest where probably mostly asleep was expected and well prepared for.

While his Aunt took off her night dress, Max stretched his neck outside the tent to observe the surroundings before retracting the zip and closing the tent.

The instant he did, the cold breeze vanished, replaced by the warmth of two bodies inside the tent.

Due to the bonfire outside, the inside of the tent had little bit enough visibility.

Slipping off his shirt, Max sat up on the comforting duvea spread through the inside of the tent and made the white pebble stones of Cala Goloritzé more soothing to feel.

He said nothing but quietly waited until was done. Leaving just her caged milkers in bikini.

There was a thrilling silence in the tent for a moment before Max felt her hands grab hold of his bulge and began to feel it.

"Hmmmm..." seemingly satisfied by his rock hardness, Ain’t Raven let out of a breath of intimate satisfaction and burning desires.

"Hmm."

Sitting up with his hands to support his upper body, Max inhaled a long breath as he felt his Aunt stroking his dick through his trunk with marvelled intent.

"Hmm." He exhaled again with even more thrill at the wondrous sight.

On her knees, her upper body lowered till his legs felt those two tits resting on them, Aunt Raven’s curvaceous waist-ass, equal to MILF celebrity models, like an apple, casted a shade.

Following the swift lowering of his trunk, the temperature in the tent quickly Rose.

"Hmmmm-" while she stiffly exhaled, Max felt his Aunt place one of her hands on his abdomen and used the other to stroke his dry erection. Skin to skin, feeding it more hardness with her touch.

Knowing that the next tent was only three metres away, Max did all he could to calm his breath under the unrelenting pleasure.

"Mmmm, come here hot dog."

Slapping her cheeks with his meat while whispering sultry words, Aunt Raven kissed off precum on the top before popping half his length inside her mouth.

Using her tongue to drench his cock in her saliva in just a swift moment, her hot aroused breath caressed the base of his shaft and caused Max to hum in ecstasy.

And that was only the beginning.

At feel of her soft lips caressing his rock hard shaft, Max closed his eyes and gritted his teeth.

"Hmm... Hmm...Hmm" quiet inhalation could be heard from time to time inside his tent.

Using a moment to catch her breath, Aunt Raven positioned her ass more seductively. Lowering her other hand to hold the base of his cock, she spitted out the accumulated saliva-precum as a form of lubricant and stroked him with vigor.

’Fuck, this is insanely thrilling and sweet. I wonder how Ain’t Sarah and Avery’s hand would feel though.’ Despite the fact that he had a perfect MILF resting her tits on his legs and stroking his cock with supporting slurp of her mouth from time to time, Max felt even more greedy at the thoughts of his two Aunts who liked to do each other.

’Right, there’s also Kats mom. So dating.’ Some how Max couldn’t resist the thoughts of completing the last family piece.

’What if I fucked all of them, one mother two daughters.’ At the vivid imagination of having the slender Russian woman with average round small tits unlike her two daughters, Max felt even more lustful, causing his erection to harden with each passing moment.

Unable to resist any longer, Max released one of his hands and arched slightly to catch a feel Raven’s tits.

"Hmmmm-"

In reaction she lost control of her tempo and slightly increased the tone of her breath. Upon realizing this, they both froze for a moment in fear that they might have been heard.

"You didn’t think they heard us right?" Shortly after, Aunt Raven whispered.

"Yes." Replying in a low tone, Max closed his eyes tightly to ease the bliss of her still hands on his cock while his palm nestled in her bra.

"We better get to business then..." just as she whispered these words, Max felt her hand press firm against his chest without any warning.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 160: -Max?-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Damn.’

As he fell on his back, Max groaned slightly.

Pressing him firmly, Aunt Raven let go of his cock for a moment as she mounted him.

Max on the other hand felt the supple thickness of his Aunt’s thighs straddle him on both sides. Her ass thick, supple, soft, firm, a feel that can be described with many words, rested on his thighs.

While she took the moment to balance herself properly above him, Max closed his eyes in total bliss.

"Hmmmm-" he inhaled a deep breath.

"What a mighty cock... hmmmm."

Max heard her whisper while she also seemed to be experiencing a wave of fervent list and passion.

Her soft palm gripped his feral erection that had undergone the circumcision of her mouth, leading it between the tender wet petals between her legs.

"Hmmmm-" inhaling a deep breath- "ugh, felt so horny after leaving you to that Russian girl. Here, this is what you deserve and your home.Hmmmm"

Paying no heed to his Aunt’s whispers, knowing that she didn’t refer to him but his cock in that context, Max savoured the warm feeling of her slippery hole.

’She isn’t lying.’

As a testament to her horniness, her pussy walls clenched tight around him with a suction force.

Just as Max gritted his teeth to ease the pleasure he was feeling, she slowly began to move her hips shortly after reaffirming her hands on his chest.

"Hmmmm-"

It had only been the first rock, and Aunt Raven whimpered in pleasure, a soft arousing horny moan that made Max still her two hands on his chest.

To let her the effect of her little whimper dilute, she stayed still for a moment while they felt the warmth of being entangled.

"Let’s kiss... you can moan into my mouth that way."

Figuring out a solution, Max whispered it out.

Though the tent was very dim, the little spark that glistened in Raven’s eyes made Max realise that she had them close this whole time.

"You’re a genius." Letting her breath caress his earlobe, she whispered.

It took nothing to locate each other’s lips after that.

As their lips met, a fiery spark was unleashed.

While she felt Max’s lips to be demanding and greedy. Max felt hers to be hot and messy. Only then did he realise he was having a little taste of his own precum.

As quick as the feeling came, it was quickly washed out by the feel of tongue.

"Hmmmm- hmmmm- hmmm" roughly exhaling, they both engaged in fervent battle of tongue.

’I’ve got to admit it, she tastes good.’ Sucking her tongue hard, Max let his hands roam. He had one stick between both molds, and the other holding her curvy waist.

"Hmmmm-" enjoying the feel of it, Aunt Raven moaned, creating a little vibration that traveled down Max’s throat.

"Hmmmm- " she exhaled again and they both broke the kiss...

"You’re such a good kisser, it seems like you’ve been practising a lot. Arching up her upper body to ease the pressure on bending so low-

"-I can literally feel your cock increasing and expanding my inside too." Seemingly fascinated, she whispered in a hushed tone, breaking his train of thought.

"...Thanks." After a moment of silence, Max managed to say in a similar tone.

"You don’t need to... hmmm. Shit, we better get back to kissing, I can’t seem to control myself with something so huge inside of me." In her second attempt to ride him, Aunt Raven instantly gave up upon realizing she couldn’t tone it down.

"... Should we do a missionary instead?" Just as she was about to press her lips with his, Max suggested, grabbing her ass.

"It’s okay, you don’t have to be so thoughtful- or didn’t you enjoy my last ride?"

’Fuck it.’

Hearing his suggestion turned against him, Max arched his neck upward and pressed his lips against her.

"Hmmmm-"

"Smooch, smooch, smooch. Hmmm– " as their lips continued to entangle, Max felt his Aunt slowly began to ride him.

"Argh-" captured by lust and bliss, he groaned into her mouth and grabbed her ass tightly.

"Ahhhh-" moaning deep into his mouth at the feel of his encouraging hands over her ass, she dropped to her elbows.

In the darkness, Max instantly felt imprisoned to suffocating bliss. Because by straddling him, then placing her elbows right beside his head, she pushed even more forward with her kisses and the depth at which she took him to enjoy her inner sanctum increased.

"Ahhhh- Mmmm, hmmm."

Without complaint, Max savoured everything but of it.

"Ahhh- Mmmm -" just as she was about to accelerate, they both froze for a moment feeling his cock slip out.

"My mistake–" detaching their lips, Aunt Raven arched up her back.

A moment later Max felt her soft palm grip the base of his cock and placed it between both petals before sitting on it.

"Hmmmm- " as a result they both exhaled, feeling a rush of pleasure from his piercing cock.

"Yessss-" after a hushed deep breath from his Aunt they connected their lips once more and the ride continued.

"Hmmmm— hmmmm- hmmmm."

One minute, two, three... six, ten.

The stifled moans and breath never broke. Surprising Max as he suffered silently from their extremely slow intercourse since her ass or boobs would flap if she increased pace, Raven revealed how high her stamina was by rocking him non-stop.

"Hmmmm- it slipped again."

Once more, Max’s cock slipped out and slapped her ass cheeks.

"...Now that I think of it, doesn’t anal penetrating your Aunt in these circumstances also excite you?"

When she whispered this, she already had her hand gripping his shaft trying to position her butt hole over the tip.

Though taken unexpectedly, Max didn’t reject the idea of trying out anal sex once more since he was largely the one it favoured because of the tightness.

"... It doe–"

"Max?"

Just when he was about to whisper back a response, a cautious voice called his name from outside the tent and the atmosphere froze.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 161: - Sleep Paralysis-**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Max?..."

Following the voice, the temperature inside the tent fell by a degree.

Due to the absolute silence, not only Max, but Raven could also see a cautious silhouette casted by the bonfire outside, lingering close to the tent for a while.

However, as seconds ticked the silhouette moved away after getting no response.

"It’s my sister."

Feeling the coast was clear Max whispered, causing Raven to cast him a playful suspicious look.

"I see, you guys are quite close uh?"

"Yes." Responding with a neutral low whisper, Max looked at the location where the silhouette once stood. Feeling appreciative for unknown reasons.

"Anal doesn’t sound so good anymore knowing someone is probably awake. Why don’t you work things from above so that we can have a quick orgasm."

At the thought of how long their little fantasy would take to hatch into a memorable euphoric moment if she grinded him slowly like they had been doing for the past twenty minutes, Aunt Raven acted with more caution than before. Proving that she had a leash on her craziness.

"Good."

After experiencing minutes of blissful torture, Max eagerly responded with a vigorous whisper.

With that they swapped their position.

"Hmmmm-" the moment she laid, Raven exhaled feeling the comfort over the spreadsheet.

Already above her, Max silently marveled at how thick and plumpy her thighs were just like she had done to his dick.

Not just penetrating her wet petals right away, he grabbed both of thighs, roaming his hands for a moment, he raised them and moved close to his knees.

Feeling his intent to penetrate her deep, Aunt Raven directly supported him by holding her own legs in place just right over her head.

"Hmmmm-" there was a little discomfort but compared to the pleasure she was going to get it was nothing.

Appreciative, since he no longer has to hold her legs, Max located the wet folds and inserted one of his fingers.

"Hmmmm-" following a brief stifled moan, Max spread both petals and directed his cock, making a successful penetration a moment later.

"Hmmmm- "

However, hearing his Aunt moan, Max stopped.

Just as Raven wondered the reason for Max’s sudden halt, she felt his finger part her lips, tasting her own juice. What followed next was something she didn’t expect.

"Hmmm– " Max successfully used both cups of her bra to muffle her moan by inserting them in her mouth.

"Hmmmm–" "Hmmm–" "Hmmm–"

Massaging her tits with one hand, Max held one of thighs and began pounding.

He wasn’t fast, even slower than steady but his thrust was much better than the slow torture cowgirl his Aunt had been giving.

"Mmmm–"

With each of his thrust his Aunt moaned sounded like a faulted whistle, little whispers that could barely be heard.

"You’re such a bitch aren’t you..." whispering these words, in the dim intent, Raven pupils dilated slightly.

Not from embarrassment but from Max revealing his true colour at the moment.

There was no denying it though, holding her own legs for him to penetrate her tender hole. He often teased her by pulling out the slapping her folds before putting it back. In those moments she would often grab his cock and redirect it to its rightful location.

As they continued with their act, the temperature in the room rose up considerably and they both felt themselves brought to the peak of pleasure.

"Cum for me bitch..." his whisper was the last straw needed to break his Aunt.

Clamping him between her legs, his cock buried deep inside her pussy walls. A big wave of euphoria washed over them both, and they froze.

’Fuck!’

In the depth of his mind, Max cursed out loud.

More than just his usual cum, the accumulated sexual torture from before caused him not just release what could be said to be his biggest load but saped him most of his strength.

On the other hand, Raven nestled into the comfort of the duvet as she temporarily lost feel of her legs.

However, the dampening feel of hot semen being spilled directly inside her womb caused her to lose all her strength...

"This was the best sex I’ve ever had..."

After a long moment of silence, about fifteen minutes or so later, Max heard his Aunt whisper, wrapping her hands over his head that was resting on her tities.

While the wave of heat from their body comforted each other, Max could tell that she was sincere with what she had said.

"Hmmm– I can still fill your cum inside my womb."

"You aren’t scared of being a father, are you?" whispering in a playful tone, the tent resumed silence again.

"No..." after thinking about it for a moment, Max replied.

"That’s cool."

After another fifteen minutes of cuddling, they had both recovered most of their strength.

"Bye."

Unzipping the tent’s entrance, the bonfire outside had turned into burning charcoal.

Without turning back, Raven sneaked back to her tent.

"Damnation."

Just after zipping the tent, Max laid back and closed his eyes.

While he expected to have a good sleep, the lingering scent of sex and his Aunt’s kept him awake most of the time until he finally couldn’t resist the allure of it.

...

The next morning.

"Alright, alright."

"Get your things and your bag too."

"This sucks."

"Look at your lazy ass."

"What a jealous thing to say, It’s bigger than yours."

"You didn’t have to rub it in my face though."

"Hehehe, ever heard of BBL?"

"Alright, you girls should stop it, no one is going to get a BBL, and Olivia you’re going to stop grow a big ass. Look at your mom and her sisters."

There was brief silence for a moment.

"... Definitely. How come I didn’t think of that all these while."

Listening to all these with a numb expression while staring up at the tent fabric in a daze, Max found it insanely taxing to stand up.

’Am I having sleep paralysis?’

"Why isn’t Max out yet?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 162: -Cancelled Family Tour-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Why isn’t Max out yet?"

Just as the voice outside questioned, Max saw a little kitchen knife plunge between the tent fabric from above.

Before he could react, bright rays of sunlight pierced through. For a moment his eyes lost clearance causing him to break away from the paralysis as he made to cover his eyes.

"Look at him." Following the mischievous voice was a sharp ripping sound.

The tent was being torn to shreds from all sides. A coordinated offence, not just one knife.

Just as the warm heat from the sun fell on him, Max opened his eyes to see three girls surrounding his tent.

While his gaze switched between each of them, identifying them to be Olivia and Co. He noticed several other sets of eyes focused on him. Kate included.

"Awake?"

"Or should we shower you with some cold sea water?"

Gesturing towards the sand bucket in her hands, Ava smiled wickedly. Only then did Max notice two slightly quivering figures close by.

Blake and Daniel, were drenched in water and sand, standing close to a little bonfire l.

"I’m good." Appearing a little speechless, Max saw all three cousin sisters in a new light.

"We thought so."

Casting a secret glance at his crotch, they appeared a little disheartened that he had no morning glory before walking away.

Realizing that their earlier conversation was a staged collaboration between the three girls, Max glanced at the ruined tent he was in and decided to get up.

Everyone was busy packing up, including the Russian family.

Just right up the shore, there were five small canoes resting as they were being loaded.

While most of his Aunts appeared busy arranging a few things, Raven gave a smile only they knew what it meant.

"Son."

Hearing his father’s gruff voice, Max turned to see the former walking towards him in Jean shorts and a t-shirt that accentuated his studious arms.

"Packed up your stuff-" however "--they did one on you too?"

Seeing his father’s taken aback look, Max shook his head dismissively.

"It’s what family is, I see you’ve gotten along quite well with your cousins."

With a soft pat on his shoulders, Max saw his father smile and walk away.

Five minutes later they were all done and boarded the canoes.

When it was time, they parted ways with Kats family on sea.

...

Cala Goloritzé Duplex Apartment...

"What an adventurous experience."

Almost everyone had their eyes glued to a phone screen, while being seated in the luxurious room. Well... except for Max had his eyes closed while silently listening to their discussion.

All of them were gathered here except for their parents who had something to discuss on the next floor.

While he had his eyes closed there was one constant gaze focused on him. Daisy.

...

An hour ago.

"So tell me,which of our Aunts was it?"

Sitting on her bed, so close to his. Evelyn crossed her arms over a pillow while observing him like a hawk.

Max, who was zipping his bag, stopped and glanced at her for a split second before turning his head away.

"Avery? Sarah or Chloe?"

Urging him with a curious look, Evelyn stated her three guess but missed the crucial one. Raven.

Surprise clouded Max’s face for a moment not knowing his sister was into gossip or just trying to tease him.

"Do you want me to ask them personally in secret-"

"It’s Raven."

Shutting her up, Max revealed the identity of who he had been with last night to his inquisitive sister.

"Oh-" hearing him say Raven, Evelyn appeared speechless while staring at him with a dazed look. A few moments after that she seemed to come back to her senses and turned towards the up.

Max too did the same, shifting his gaze to the door unannounced opening.

However the change was too swift to guard against. Daisy revealed herself, causing Max and Evelyn to state in confusion before realizing what happened.

There was no noise, the silence became even more quiet.

The three people in the room glanced at each other. Especially Daisy.

Fortunately there was no outlast.

After giving them a glare, Daisy walked out, closing the door properly this time.

...

-present time-

At the sound of several light footsteps and a particularly distinctive one, everyone turned toward the stair to see their parents stepping down.

"Is our tour cancelled?"

Surprisingly, Noah was the one that spoke first before their parents could say things.

The reason they had gone up stairs was no secret to begin with. The least rich people had was time to squander away and it was no surprise that their tour may no longer go on.

The person to speak up first among the women was Chloe, Olivia’s mom.

"I’ll stay for an extra one day to accompany you on the tour." she said, flashing a guilty smile.

"Work kids, your parents need to work."

While the women came soft, Sebastian didn’t. Showing the other women just how he had treated his kids that made them act quiet and reserved.

The least emotional and brief.

"You didn’t have to be so brutal."

"Is this how you treat your children?"

"My poor nephew and niece."

But despite the fact that they all rebuked his father, Max noticed that they were quite appreciative.

"Chloe will accompany you guys back to the UK and the rest of us will see next week."

"You’ll be resuming school next week too." While each of his Aunts all dropped excuses, their bags were loaded into the two SUVs.

After making sure that everything important had been loaded, they boarded the SUV back to the airport.

Upon reaching the port there were five private jets on standby waiting to pick them up. One to each of his departing Aunts, including his father.

After a little good bye from both sides, they separated.

This time, Max found a seat to occupy alone. Hopefully his dick would get to recover.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 163: -Revelation-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Now that I think of it, it sucks to be dumped."

"Our moms literally dumped us."

"Okay guys, you don’t need to say all that. You’ll all understand when you become true adults." Aunt Chloe debunked their claim.

Just as they got off the jet in an organised row, a black sleek limousine came to halt before them.

(Welcome)

Presenting them a welcome message through a big tablet was a middle aged man in black suit and glasses, sharply placed mouthpiece. Professional bodyguard it seems.

"Right, they hoped this would compensate us?" Rolling her eyes as she pulled her luggage behind, Annabel scoffed.

Ding!

Zzz!

Ding!...

Just then, everyone quickly glanced at their phone.

Appearing confused but having an inkling to what it was, a happy smile bloomed on their faces the next moment.

"Hehehe." The girls giggled slightly while the guys smirked and clenched their first, except for Max who simply read the alert without any joyous reaction.

(An amount of $500,000 has been transferred to your ac...xxxx) the notification read.

"How do you like huh?" Seeming their reaction, Aunt Chloe smiled, only appearing taken aback when she saw Max’s neutral expression.

Noticing her gaze, their eyes met met for a moment before she quickly turned away. Probably because of some memories reigniting.

The atmosphere in the limousine as they rode home became lively.

"Oh my, check this out."

Most especially between the girls. Apparently having decided on a shopping spree.

"What about you Max, you want to join us? Noah, Daniel and Blake are also coming."

Revealing they had noticed how he was trying to avoid being in the same place with three of them alone. Ava presented a sincere ultimatum.

"Sorry, I have a few things to do. I’ll be leaving tomorrow."

"Huh?" Raising a brow to his words first was Daniel who had been focused on his phone with his fingers rapidly tapping it.

"Are you a nerd?" The person to have the biggest reaction was Olivia, seeming gobsmacked that he was so eager to go back to school, which was only resuming four days from now.

A little intrigued-

"I was." Max responded coolly and the atmosphere fell silent under their slightly astonished expression.

"Wow, that’s unexpected."

"You once wore goggles?" Ava asked, squinting her eyes as she tried to take in his appearance from a new perspective.

"So you were like one of the not so cool kids in school?" Noah asked.

"Yes, I was." seeing that they seem to neglect the past tense in his words, Max added it again. But didn’t diminish their surprise.

"So how did you get to know A Ranked Students being a D Rank Student?" Though it felt bitter in his mouth, Blake acknowledged that Max was quite influential and remembered what happened nights ago.

"I don’t know them." Max replied, even more intrigued by their reaction.

"Wait, what Rank are you?" Daniel motioning for the rest of them to quiet down asked.

"A Rank."

"Huh?"

Another round of silence filled the atmosphere. Under his cousin’s speechless eyes, he felt even more intrigued.

Watching all these, Chloe wasn’t less impressed or surprised. To think that the boy they all thought was barely holding onto his academics was doing so well made her slightly ashamed.

"How’s that possible though? A year ago, Ivy said she checked in with one of friends who had a sibling attending there to check how you were doing.

"D Rank, with nothing impressive to note-"

Ava’s eyes widened as she quickly used her palm to cover her mouth realizing she had spoken something that shouldn’t be said. Thankfully Ivy wasn’t here or would have been deeply embarrassed.

"Well... that’s true." Casually nodding, Max didn’t disagree.

Seeing this, everyone turned their attention to Evelyn who pretended to be focused on her phone screen.

Sensing all eyes on her, she raised her head up.

"...What?"

"You’re gonna pretend like you weren’t listening?"

"Is what Max said true?" Olivia urged, actively wanting to gossip.

"... Yes." Taking a moment to respond, Evelyn agreed.

But that wasn’t all, as they all accepted that Max may have been playing them all these while. Imaging the first when they mocked how fat he was as a kid but got a new versions of him...-

"Here."

Taping something on her phone, Evelyn handed it to Olivia who was sitting opposite to her.

"Huh?"

"Oh my goodness, is that Max?" Following her squeak, the rest of the girls cranes their necks. Except for Daisy who showed disinterest.

"Oh my..."

"Wow-"

Just as the scene in the video played on, the girls froze causing Noah, Blake and Daniel who wanted to maintain composure to also crane their necks.

Then they saw it, a scene of Evelyn being slapped then how Max darted through the staircase, between the crowds to save his sister.

Just as the guys showed hate frown towards the guy slapping their cousin sister the scene of Max thrusting out his fist became both gratifying and satisfying.

To think his punch powered enough force to send the other guy stumbling backwards and then fell. They all marveled and glanced at Max for a moment before resuming to watch a split second later.

The scene that followed next was even more spectacular and satisfying. Like a scene from a high school movie with the coolest kid fighting.

Not only did Max easily predict each of the guy’s blows, he dodged and reacted swiftly and sharply.

"Oh my..." completely drawn to the scene. The girl’s face went fiery with a pink blush and their smile was as proud as it could be.

When Max dealt with the guy and picked up Evelyn in a bridal style they were even more speechless.

Just then a boy walked over with a girl by his side. They both cast a look at the bruised boy and the girl pointed at Max while speaking to the boy. However the guy dismissed her and went to grab a drink.

"Wait, I know this guy."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 164: - Parting Gift -*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Following Noah’s revelation about the guy at the end of the video, Max realised that everyone’s opinion of him seemed to have gone over the roof.

Soon after they arrived at the Grand Mansion.

The door was pulled open, presenting a row of professional maids on stand by and ready to take their luggage.

Just as they had all alighted from the vehicle, Olivia froze, then appeared to have realised something.

"How about we take a picture ?"

"Like, why didn’t we ever think of that all these while?"

With that said, they all gathered for a family group photo. Sure their parents weren’t here, after taking one with Aunt Chloe, they took several more with just them alone.

Cousins X Cousins.

Solo, Duo, Squad.

The shuttering sound of cameras continued for the next thirty minutes.

When it was time for Max to go alongside Daisy, the latter casted him a disdainful look that didn’t escape the sight of his other cousins. However, no one thought to dig deep since Daisy herself was a complicated weirdo.

"Aren’t we forgetting someone though?"

Just as they were about to wrap it up with one final snap. Daniel threw Olivia an "oh yeah?" look, causing the rest of them to realise what he meant.

However, before anything could be said, Aunt Chloe decided to step in.

"Ivy went in to fill in for me at my office. So you don’t need to worry about her."

"Oh..."

"She’ll be back tomorrow though." Seeing their speechless look, Aunt Chloe quickly added.

...

After their arrival, the rest of the day went on pretty boring with everyone having gone on a shopping spree.

Though used to such solitude, after being encompassed in warmth and lively atmosphere for a day and night only to lose it the next day didn’t feel good.

Welcoming the comfort, Max slept off till 8pm.

When he opened his eyes once more, the once bright room had become dim; there were several subtle knocks reverberating through his door.

Squeezing his open, Max felt every core and muscles of his body imbued with strength, a revitalised feeling.

Knock! Knock! Knock!

Just then, the echoes of the knocks he had thought to be a dream got louder, causing to frown slightly as his self awareness came flooding in.

Sitting up on the bed, he scanned his room for a moment before walking towards the door.

Unlocking it with a few clicks-

"He’s alive."

"Have you been sleeping since we left?"

"We almost thought you were dead and were about to call for help."

The instant he opened the door, three sets of angry eyes met him. Followed by several variating words that showed care.

Without a need for introduction, Max rubbed his eyes and opened the door wider for them.

Apparently they had gone more than shopping and reeked of expensive liquor.

With a clearer observation, their cheeks had a slight pink flush.

"Are we that beautiful all of a sudden or you see us as defenceless girls to suffer under your ruthless cock of a bastard?"

’Sure enough you’re here for it.’

After he revealed that he would be heading back tomorrow. Max had specially taken note of the three girls’ expressions. Since then, not only was their visit preordained, but he also decided to prepare. His silly excuse of having something to do when they asked him to join their shopping spree was to have a good sleep and prepare for a 3 versus 1 match against them.

By their drunk states, he could also deduce that drinking had been the girls’ idea to lull the guys into sleep while they could go all out in his room.

With that everything was set in place.

"Since you’re heading back and we won’t surely see each other again for the next few months or a year from now, why don’t you leave us a very memorable parting gift."

Right before his eyes, without even completing the statement. Ava slipped up her dress, revealing her delicate skin and slender tummy. And embodied a blue bra and panty.

With so much skin in sight, Max got an instant erection from staring at her body.

Olivia went next, flinging her black dress to the side, she directly took off her bra, presenting her almost no boobies chest. Nevertheless, her waist killed it. The thought of grabbing both sides and directing his cock to pierce deep inside while she shouted and screamed in pleasure, drowned the very essence of sleep that lingered in his eyes, causing his arousal to ignite.

Not all, Annabel being the oldest of them slowly took off her dress. Twisting her waist as she did.

Slip, slip, slip. Her crop top went off, exposing her boobs that were perfectly cupped by her bra.

The next to be slipped off was her Jean shorts.

First she unclipped the iron button. Wringing her waist as if it fell down.

A matching pair of black undies.

Purple, blue, black.

At the sight of this, Max’s primal urge reawakened.

The first thing he did was close the door. Then lock it behind him.

Took off his shirt and left on just his trunk.

Seeing this the girls evidently blushed at his masculine figure. Striking abs.

"Olivia come first and suck my cock." He demanded.

Walking close to him, Olivia let her hands roam his arms and before going down on both knees like a good girl.

’Sure enough, they’ve done research on this stuff just to please me.’

While he had these thoughts, Max closed his eyes feeling a light kiss on his balls. To deepen the interaction, he placed both hands encouragingly on her head.

The darker the night became, the more chaos and bliss erupted inside Max’s room until it was midnight.

Author’s Quick Note: After so long, this volume will soon come to an end. Almost forgot this was a system story, lol.

Once again, I sincerely apologize for all the repeated paragraph in the recent Chapters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 165: -Treated like a B*-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next morning...

"Erghhhhh."

Stretching his hands wide open, the lone figure on the bed groggily rubbed his eyes and yawned.

Naturally this was Max.

"What the hell happened?" sounding confused and surprised, Max blankly stretched his hands once more in an attempt to ease the subtle ache and heavy fatigue.

"Hmmmm-" taking a deep breath as he did the same thing to his legs, he tried to twist his neck.

However just as he was about to, memories of last night came flooding in and quickly shut his eyes.

"Ahhhh- yessh, ohhhh Max! Harder."

"Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!"

"Ahh! Ahh! Ahhh-!"

As images flashed and audio played on in his mind, Max remembered everything that happened last night and collapsed his hands on the bed.

Not only was last night wild, defining it as crazy would be modest.

As it turned out, by the end of the last round his three cousin sisters’ voices had turned hoarse from screaming and they laid almost breathless on the bed.

Just the thought of it alone

caused Max to feel a tent build up under the covers of his sheet since he wasn’t wearing anything on.

However, while he was swarmed by the ocean of memories regarding what happened last night he didn’t notice the figure walking towards him in spectacular shock.

"It has grown bigger?"

"Fuck–!"

At the sound of the voice, Max reacted swiftly by turning towards it.

Behold, standing less than a meter close to his bed was Evelyn.

Wearing a fitted white, sleeveless tank top that showcased the femininity of her arms. Light gray cargo pants and an eye catching pair of white sneakers to top it- she appeared dazed by something.

Tracing the line of her sight, Max saw his one reaction.

Just then, Evelyn seemed to have gotten enough of the view and broke eye contact with it.

Meeting his eyes after some slight difficulty, she smiled.

"... So you fucked the hell out of the three of them at once?"

"Huh?" Raising his brows with a confused look.

"You’re such a monster, and to think you wake up strong after that."

"What are you talking about?" Not buying her word, Max raised his other brow while he checked if the girls left behind enough for Evelyn to pick the clue.

"What are you looking for?"

Catching his wandering eyes, Evelyn shook her head with a sly smile tainting her lips.

"You don’t need to look, I saw them come out of your room with unsteady steps. Their hairs looked haggard enough to tell me what went on." Evelyn jeered.

Knowing that he had been caught, Max slipped off the mask.

"I’m sorry you had to see that."

"You don’t need to be. So Aunt Raven, Olivia, Ava and Annabel. So many exploits." Looking at him suspiciously, Evelyne cranes her neck with a ’go on’ expression.

"Can’t say." Unfortunately Max refused to give any answer, making her slightly displeased.

"Right, did you remember that you set us up to travel today?"

"Shit."

Realizing what the missing gap in his memories, Max rubbed his forehead as it dawned on him.

"I just finished preparing you a hot bath and was about to wake you before you did."

Appearing speechless, Max observed her carefully.

"What?" Seeing the puzzled look in his eyes, Evelyn tried to respond nonchalantly to show she didn’t care.

"Thanks."

Shaking his head Max got off the bed.

"...I’ll do it."

Seeing he was about to put on his trunk to imprison his erection, Evelyn motioned that he should stop and came closer.

Standing all nude, Max felt his sister’s breath crushing down the base of his shaft as she took it in her cool palm .

"Hmmmm-"

Evelyn kissed the tip first. Bringing her nose close to the rigidity and inhaling it.

"Freshly baked cock."

With a soft comment, she kissed the tip once again. But this time she didn’t withdraw to resume stroking. She encased her soft lips around the head, used her tongue to licked the hole the whole head.

It didn’t just stop there, her lips encased more of his length. Inch by inch until there was only space for one palm to hold.

"Hmmm– " taking a deep breath, she savoured the aftertaste of pussy that was glued to it from the previous night.

"Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!" Each suck was supported by a stroke.

Enjoying the bliss of his sister’s blow job, Max closed his eyes without moving. However at this moment, Evelyn didn’t something quite naughty, proclaiming herself submissive.

"Slurp! I’m sure you weren’t this soft with them, also treat me like your bitch." Taking out his cock for a moment , she spoke ignoring the thick line of precum.

With that said, she took his cock inside her mouth and then took his two free arms, placing his palms directly on her head.

And Max translated only one word. "Gag me."

Speechless for a moment, he met Evelyn’s puffy eyes staring up at him. Not that he was going to refuse.

"Ahhhh#_&₦_&₦" pulling her by hair, he held her chin with the other...

"Hmmmm-"

"Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!..." same sound, different acts. Max thrusts were calculated enough to all the way down her throat for the time being.

"Hmmmm- slurp!" The combination of a soft moan and a slip of cock.

Accelerating his thrust, Max sensed the swell of his balls while accessing Evelyn’s deep throat capability.

"Argh" with a deep groan, Max stilled her head and inserted one final thrust.

In... out, unexpectedly pulling out, he spilled her face with cum, then slapped and rubbed her cheeks with his deflating dick.

Just like she wanted to be treated, like his bitch.

"Hmmm– "

With that he let go of hair and pulled away.

"Ah- ah- ah-." Meanwhile , Evelyn earnestly tried to regain her breath.

"Just go, I didn’t ask you to kill me."

Smirking at her words, Max turned and walked towards the bathroom with a jacuzzi in it.

H h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 166: - Real Home-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After a quick good bye from Noah, Blake, Daniel and Aunt chloe. The same man from yesterday came and drove them off in a black SUV.

As for Olivia, Ava and Annabel. They complained of having their menstrual cycle and were in serious pain, unable to walk.

"Sure." Evelyn acted cool knowing well what had gone down, whilst the three other guys were clueless and escorted them outside.

...

Without much to say, only that they might fuck inside the plane.- The drive across London streets was a quiet blurr until they arrived at the airport.

...

Welcomed by the roar of jet engines and distinct smell of fuel as they got out of the car, Max purposefully scanned his surroundings before strapping on a back pack as preferred to store the little things he brought with him.

In contrast, Evelyn had her luggage bag brought out from the car’s trunk.

However, just as they were about to step onto the stair case and head inside the jet. The screeching sound of black SUV heading towards them attracted their intention.

Watching it swelve to a halt before them, they saw the saw its door quickly pushed open, presenting a guy in his late twenties who fumbled with a suitcase in hand.

Being the first to react before the car came to a halt by pulling out a black, sharp looking pistol was the middle aged man, the security driver.

Without hesitation he pointed it at the guy.

"Who are you?" He spoke in cold authoritative tone, causing the latter to almost panic.

"I’m sorry. Late for an appointment, flight delayed. I requested for the family’s private jet and I was told to come here as quick as possible. I hope they’ve notified you?"

Heaving hurriedly like someone who just completed a marathon, they guy went on to lose the tie around his neck.

The driver on the other than took a step back, with his gun still pointed and placed his finger close to his ear.

"Copy."

Max heard the former mutter into a mouth piece, and then dropped his arm down.

"My apologies Mr Evans, your identity has been clarified." the driver said, stepping away from the blocked path.

"It’s your job no worries. " Casually waving off the fact that he had a fun pointed to his head. His smile widened as he walked towards Max and Evelyn with a friendly nod.

"Hi, I’m Evan, sorry for joining your flight unannounced." He said.

"It’s nothing." Evelyn revealed a polite smile, the experience she wanted to acquire dumped before it could blossom.

While returning the nod with neutral expression, Max stepped inside the jet. Evelyn followed and then the guy, Evan.

There was silence between the three of them as they all sat down separately.

Thirty seconds later their flight set off.

hours later...

"Okay, bye. Hopefully get to see you guys later... and probably share some words."

Waving them a polite good bye, the guy boarded one of the two black SUV with his name on it.

"A good idea."

Welcoming them on the other hand could be said to be one of the estate securities.

"Welcome."

"Thanks."

Intimidating build topped with a bulletproof vest, the man opened the door for them and placed Evelyn luggage in the trunk before taking the driver’s seat.

...

At the sight of tall european ash trees aligned along the asphalt road, top tier fancy mansions, duplexes, with huge lawn and each situated with a stone fountain-

’Home.’ Max whispered in his mind.

Passing by Mrs Dalia’s home, he found the place to be quite deserted and the luxurious SUV covered in dust.

’They haven’t returned since then?’ Remembering the last mail she sent him-

"We are here."

Breaking Max’s train of thought, the man opened the doors.

’So this is what it feels to be gone from home?’

Even though it was barely two weeks, took in in a deep silent breath. Gratified by the familiar scent of his surroundings.

"Bye."

Dropping Evelyn luggage the man smiled at them then walked to drive out in the SUV.

"Home, sweet home." Evelyn spoke out loud, turning 360 as she smiled.

Casually walking past her, Max headed towards the door.

Beep!

After typing in the code, it beeped and was easily pushed by Max inhaled as he opened his eyes.

The grand interior of bright white color, and contrasting chocolate.

Lavish and exotic.

The little wine cellar.

Every little details in sight felt redefined, with tasteful memories.

Stepping into the cozy interior, everywhere was neat and tidy. From the look the out things the estate cleaning service had been here today against their arrival.

"Should we have a little drinking session after we take our bath?"

Pulling her luggage behind her, Evelyn closed the door and pointed at the cellar with a smile highlighted on her face.

"Sure." Knowing what it was, Max agreed and went to his room.

Pushing the door open, he collapsed on his bed without a second thought .

After nestling into its familiar warmth for two minutes, he got up and scanned the room with his eyes.

His little jewelry box, a few private stuff and then his PC. Seeing it hadn’t been damaged or whatsoever by the home cleaning service. He turned it on.

Seeing it load, he locked his room. Turned off the light and went to to check his files section.

About ten minutes later he was done and turned back on the light.

Twenty minutes later, he edited the bathroom. Rubbing his hair with a towel as he turned off his phone screen.

His home stay short pants, a singlet and a quick mouth spray.

From the last text, Evelyn was done and waiting for him so they could commence on their drinking session.

...

"I thought you weren’t going to come."

Watching as she placed seven different bottles on the table. Max felt a rising heat in his pants.

H h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 167: - Heated Passion -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Evelyn wore a casual spaghetti straps dress with strawberry prints all over it.

But that wasn’t the thing that distinguished her appearance.

The neckline was loose, revealing a mouth watering view of her cleavage. With no bra or underwear her nipples stood taut, poking the fabric.

The dress was so short that her butt cheeks were revealed when she placed the bottles. Her thighs looked so sexy and hot.

Trailing down to her feet, she had a pair of charming red heels that matched her lips gloss.

’This view...’ Max held back his thoughts as images of several pornstars flashed in his mind.

"What? Are you going to just stand there?" Casting a look at herself then seductively smiling at him, she stopped then inhaled slightly. Getting into the act, her smile became more seductive. She winked at him and got on the couch on her knees, then bent slightly to grant him the hanging view of her cleavage, just barely hiding the nipples from sight.

"What do you say... brother? We have the whole house to ourselves?"

Staring at her hanging cleavage with nipples inside her dress, Max felt his blood transfusion rate accelerate. A primal hunger to claim.

He said no word but took one gradual step after the other as he took his seat on the opposite couch.

At this, Evelyn smiled charmingly and got up from the couch.

There was a glass placed before Max. She picked up the first bottle and then cat walked to pour him a little of its content.

Doing the same to her glas too, she picked up the second bottle and poured the same little amount.

Then the third, fourth, fifth, sixth.

On the seventh bottle, Evelyn bent lower and filled what was left of the glass.

She did the same to her glass, granting Max just enough of a peek of her boobs to fill him with more desire and hunger to devour her.

Restraining the desire to pounce on her, Max silently watched her sit after adding the seventh bottle.

Knowing fully well that they were the strongest wine collection his father kept in the cellar. With the seven of them mixed, they would undergo a catalytic effect.

’At the end of it, it all comes down to my burning desires and drunk feeling.’

Evelyn too understood this, so after staring silently into each other’s eyes for a moment...

"Drink." She raised her glass up to him and used her other hand to massage her boobs for a moment before placing the glass on her lips.

Not taking his eyes from her, Max took up the glass and swallowed all of its content in one gulp.

’Shit.’

As the burning feel traveled down his chest, it instantly escalated like a wildfire trying to quench his whole body system.

Max’s eyes began to change, a reddish colour taking place.

Evelyn? She didn’t take the whole glass content. Instead she let it trail down her lips, chin, neck, chest, cleavage, and soon spread, soaking her dress.

"Hmmm– " she smiled seductively, inhaling as she stood up and walked closer towards him.

A moment later she stood towering above him in heels while he sat, gazing up at like a predator about to pounce on its prey.

Evelyn smiled and became even more seductive. And what did she did?

She willingly submitted herself to the predator.

She crossed over his legs and sat on his thighs. Not stopping, she leaned closer and let Max inhale the scent of alcohol from her body.

"Hmmmm!"

The trigger was set off, and the bullet was shot.

Roughly wrapping his right arm around Evelyn’s waist, he pressed his sister’s head closer and roughly bit her neck.

"Hmmm–!"

"Hmmm–!"

"Hmmmm-!"

The hurried irregular rhythm of their breath echoed through the whole house.

Evelyn’s shoulder cowered, her breath a shivering mix of pleasure and submission into Max’s arms.

Because he didn’t just kiss her neck, he held her tight and roughly handled her butt.

"Hmmmm-"

"Hmmm– !"

The heated passion between them was unstoppable.

Nibbling on his sister’s earlobes, Max extended his kisses to her neck. Acting like a beast in heat while she melted under his touch.

Suddenly their sitting posture with his cock severely hard rock under his pants wasn’t comfortable.

"Ahhh-!" Evelyn yelped as he easily lifted her. Reacting swiftly she clung onto him. Wrapping her legs around him the next instant.

"Ahhhh-!"

"Ahhhh-!"

"Ahhh-!"

Suddenly, Evelyn’s eyes shut wide open, her pupils dilating.

Her mouth opened, unable to close as her tone cracked.

One would think she was an asthma patient.

In one corner of his mind, Max felt a wet patch on his shirt, soaked from Evelyn’s wetness.

In the same heat, Evelyn held up Max’s face and directed his roaming tongue inside her mouth.

"Hmmmm-"

"Hmmm"

"Hmmm– "

Her gasps were shuffled , but the situation escalated even more.

Instead of just standing in one place, they began roaming the house.

Sometimes Max ended up hitting his back against the wall with Evelyn forcing her tongue inside his mouth, while grinding her wet patch against his abdomen.

Sometimes, Evelyn ended up on the wall. Giving Max an opportunity to roam with his hands. Just like when grabbed both of her molds through the dress. Ruthlessly massaging them with his palm, and causing Evelyn to wringle with pleasure.

"Ahhh-!"

"Ahhh-!"

"Ahhh-!"

Breaking their kiss their haggard breaths resume to echo through the house.

Max flipped up her dress no longer wanting to feel them through a fabric.

Since she had no panties on, his hand grabbed her bare ass cheeks.

"Ahhh-!!". Evelyn’s gasp increased a top notch.

Just then, Max hand found went on a deeper level expedition. From her butt, he extended his fingers and was unexpectedly welcomed by the soaked clits covered in sticky liquid.

"Ahhhh-!" A shiver trailed down Evelyn’s spine and her black pupils vanished for a moment.

"Hmmm– " Inhaling deeply like a beast, Max broke their physical contact.

When Evelyn realised this and managed to gain clear clearance of where they were. She realised that she was on the kitchen counter and Max already tore off his chest, pulling his shorts to revealing and enraged monster.

"Bend."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 168: - Siblings Company -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Bend."

Getting her down from the counter, Max motioned that she should onto it.

At this, Evelyn was slightly confused, awkwardly placing both of her hands on the kitchen counter.

Filled with desire to satiate their lust, Max took grip of her hands and positioned them well.

Smack!

"Ahhh-!"

He flipped open her dress, presenting her naked butt. Which he did smack, eliciting an erotic Yelp from Evelyn.

Holding her ass in place, Max took his mighty rod in one hand and positioned it right before the gateway.

"Argh-"

Pushing it slowly, he groaned feeling her murky petals welcome the tip.

"Hmmmm-!" Evelyn moaned.

Rubbing her clit, Max slowly pierced his way through both folds with his eyes closed in deep pleasure.

Securing her hold of the counter, Evelyn also raised her head to let out of a long enduring pleasured moan

"Hmmmmmmmm–!"

But still that wasn’t enough to express the bliss she felt feeling her brother’s cock slowly stretch and fill her narrow inner walls.

Both siblings expressed several variations of pleasure as they continued their taboo.

"Ahhhh–!"

Max started pulling back the first thrust, his cock fully covered in her murky fluid.

"Mm.mmmmmmmm!"

Slowly slipping it back the second time, the tempo of her moan changed.

Slipping it out once more, he went in again, again, again #!_ again

The slow conserved counter sex continued to accelerate.

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!

"Ahhh-!" "Yesss!" "Hmmm– Ahhh-!"

In the time it took for a water to boil, Evelyn was no longer holding onto the counter but directly placing her bare tits on it after Max tore off her strawberry dress.

Her hands spread flat and wide across it, shook from position with each thrust because holding her beautiful waist from both sides made Max’s penetration speed up and locating angle right on point.

With every thrust her ass cheeks trembled, her soft breasts underneath also bore the force of his thrust and continuously made her orgasm.

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!

Moving his waist with strategic force,Max closed his eyes, savouring the pleasure.

On the other hand, Evelyn could only moan helplessly and loudly.

Kpa!

With one last thrust, Max pulled out, sweating ripping down his torso.

Silence befall the kitchen for a moment as he observed her reddish ass cheeks,and the vivid view of her tender soft buds covered with her sweet juice.

So far, Evelyn had reached the peak of her orgasm three times.

"Turn around."

Holding the base of his shift, Max took two steps backward and gave her enough space to turn.

"Yes Daddy." Putting in an effort to stand, Evelyn turned and was surprised to see his cock still rigid and straight despite just having left her pussy.

She appeared lost by its size for a moment before sitting on the counter.

"Come Daddy-"

Resting her hands behind, Evelyn bit her lips, seductively gazing at his cock.

Her legs were spread open so stared at the pink entrance awaiting his thrust.

With this image of his sister imprinted in his mind. He imagined how other people saw her. An SS Elite about to get a triple S. Crush. Role model. Dream girl.

In one word his sister was many things, admired by many too.

Driven by this thought, Max felt more lust burning within him. His desire to fuck her, his little bitch sky rocketed.

Moving closer, he lifted her by cuffing both thighs with his arms. Her legs were wide open,slowly placing his cock at her entrance, he thrusted inside.

"Ahhhh– !" Evelyn moaned with widened eyes as her legs were stretched wide. Before she could gain clearance from the first thrust, Max thrusted into her once more.

"Yessss-!" Her whole body was filled with joyous bliss.

"Ahhh-!" "Ahhh-!" "Ahhh-!"

"Fuck me! Yesss! Harder! Harder!"

Her eyeballs rolled backward, leaving just whitish pupils,while she screamed.

"Argh!"

Sensing the swell in his balls, Max groaned.

"Please cum inside me brother.... Hmmmm- ." Evelyn sprawled on the counter.

Max accelerated his thrust.

"Yessss-!" Submerging herself in the pleasure, Evelyn closed her eyes. A hot liquid instantly filled her womb.

Collapsing on his sister’s boobs, Max found himself surprisingly sapped of his strength, his stamina exhausted.

He remained entangled on the kitchen counter for the next thirty minutes, enjoying the warmth of their skin to skin contact till Max stood up.

"Look, your sperm is flowing out." Touching her pussy, Evelyn waved his semen to his face.

Stark naked, Max went towards the restocked fridge and pulled out a bottle of milk which he drowned.

Evelyn got down from the counter and smiled at her ripped dress on the floor.

"Hmmmm–" just as she was about to take a step, a sharp pain tore through her limbs causing her to almost fall on the floor. Thankfully she managed to grab onto the counter in time.

Turning to see his sister holding the counter for support, Max inwardly smirked.

"What have you done to me?"

...

Following their epic fuck, they both went to sleep in their rooms.

However, later that midnight Max felt his cock being stroked and molested by a tongue. When he opened his eyes, he saw Evelyn deep throating herself with his cock.

After seeing he was fully awake, Evelyn told him about her ovulation and how hungry she was for a cock even if it was just stuffed in mouth.

Eventually he let her do what she wanted, sucking his cock till she couldn’t resist asking to climb above it.

Though her cowgirl skill was good, it couldn’t be compared to his Aunt Raven or Mrs Dalia.

Thinking about his MILF neighbour’s whereabouts, Max couldn’t help but wonder if they were safe.

...

Waking up on a Saturday morning with his sister naked while nesting into his arms felt good.

Since they were home alone, they invested in each other’s time. Such as things they’ve never done before.

A bath together with a little blow job.

Preparing food in the kitchen, Max ended up eating her pussy after putting a scoop of ice cream on it.

Their day ended up with a boobjob from Evelyn.

Regarding the latter, she told him she would be going to reunite with most of her friends the next morning before school resumed on Monday.

"Having the house to myself feels good even though I miss her Company."

...

"Hello..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 169: - Mrs Dalia and Talia-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Just like every other Sunday, it was especially hot outside and cool inside.

Being home alone, and down with fatigue from fucking every thirty minutes while Evelyn was around, Max got out of the pool feeling refreshed.

"Hmmm–" taking a sip of the iced lemonade he ordered earlier, he inhaled the fresh wind with satisfaction.

"Having the house to myself feels good." Featuring a moment of silence, a realizing look then appeared on his face. "Wait... am I starting to miss her Company?"

’Hopefully not so... that would be cringe." Dismissing these thoughts, he wiped his face with a towel and rubbed his damp hair before walking inside the house.

Ding-dong!

’I wonder why they haven’t sent the emails yet-’. Interrupted while alone to his thoughts, Max expressed a puzzled look when he heard the doorbell ring.

"Huh, is she back early?" getting up from the couch, he calmly walked towards the door and pulled it open.

"Hello..." a lush silk voice, excluding primal femininity greeted him.

Filling the air with a mix of Lavender and deep-amber scent.

Max silently stood still as he stared at the figure in recognition.

"Mrs Dalia?"

Even though Talia stood beside her, Max didn’t bother throwing the former a glance at the moment.

"How are you Max?"

With a charming smile on her face, Mrs Dalia shook her hands to highlight the picnic basket she held.

Only then did the waffling scent of Baked Mac and cheese hit him.

Stepping away from the door, he pulled it open and let the two females come in.

"Awwww, you’re still such a gentleman, aren’t you." Smiling gorgeously, she stepped in.

Behind her, Talia silently rolled her eyes, her expression turning dead blank as she met Max’s gaze.

"Hi-" She said, a bit forceful. However the cowering intent hidden inside her could be felt. Probably from their driving lesson incident.

"Welcome."

Since he had already gotten his revenge, Max played it cool and replied like it was their first time meeting.

Walking towards the couch, Mrs Dalia stopped and then threw him a soft glance.

"Memories." She said,

While Max understood what she meant, Talia cluelessly shook her eyes, thinking that her mother was just trying to fawn Max because of his handsomeness.

That said, she handed him the picnic basket and sat on the couch. Nestling her ass into it a bit as if to satiate her longing through a certain memory.

Talia noticed nothing but compliance as she took her seat next to her mom. Perhaps being a mummy’s girl had hindered her from thinking such. A saint mother.

Max saw this and smiled back, his expression casual.

"I’ll grab you a drink."

Turning back, Max dropped the basket on the counter. Bringing out a small tray, he opened the fully stocked King freezer.

’What the fuck– is this an alcohol home.’

Failing his expectation ,the only drinkable thing kept in the fridge was bottled water.

Sure, if it was just Mrs Dalia, handing her a wine from the cellar would be no problem.

However, his eyes traced the items in the fridge one more time and happened to locate the two sealed cups of cool iced lemonade from his earlier order.

’Shit.’ cursing inwardly, Max took both cups and placed it on the tray. Heading back to the living room to serve the two ladies.

"Here."

"What a proper way to treat a guest." Mrs Dalia said, casting Talia a side glance with an eloquent smile that said otherwise.

Hearing this, Talia’s cheeks flushed slightly.

"Thank you."

With the same smile, Max sat opposite them.

...

"So, were you at home all through the spring break?"

Striking a conversation, Mrs Dalia took a sip of her drink and let his eyes.

"Uhm, no. Spent it in London, got back two days ago." He said, without going much into the details.

However, Mrs Dalia took interest in it.

"Wow, that’s great. Always wanted to visit London but I’ve been too busy to take a break.

"Well... I saw your Mrs Dalia. How was your holiday."

Upon his words, the expression on both mothers and daughter faltered for a moment, of which Max did notice.

"Right, it was quite okay but nothing to look forward to."

"Okay." Max replied, shaking his head.

"Yes, and since we are back... I’ll love you to continue Talia’s driving lesson. I want to get a car as soon as possible." She picked up the cup and kept her gaze on him while she diluted the lemonade.

To her side, Talia cowered, and shyly avoided his gaze by pretending to observe the ceiling.

"No problem." Max let out a polite smile before adding...

"Weekends, Saturday and Sunday."

"Can I ask you for one more favour?..." Just as Mrs Dalia said this, the atmosphere took a drastic turn as Talia quickly dropped the drink and lunged to hold her mom’s arm, hoping to stop her from what she was going to say. However, it was already too late.

"As you know, Talia is quite stubborn with a strong attitude to boot..." Mrs Dalia paused, then glanced at Talia who already bent her head, holding her arm to what was to come.

"...but deep down she has always been a lonely girl, so don’t mind her little miss giving.

I want you to come over to my place from time to time and keep her company. Or if you aren’t comforted you can bring her here. That’s if your parents or sister won’t mind. I want you guys to be close friends since you’re both introverted."

The atmosphere fell completely silent, as Max listened to Mrs Dalia’s solemn tone when it came to her daughter.

After a while of thinking about it, he replied.

"...I’m okay. If she wants to be friends."

...

At this moment, Max’s words sounded like salvation to Talia.

To say she was stunned was an understatement.

Surprised, she raised her head and shyly gazed at the cool composed boy who was best a few months older than her and both behaved much mature.

Due to her streak of bad attitude towards him. She expected a mocking reply.

However Max showed none of such but genuine concern.

Just like her mother had described him to beat a grown man on that day in order to save her. She no longer saw Max as the pervert that sneaked into their pool those years but a composed youth.

’I’m so stupid. He didn’t even try to put his thing inside of me but offered me pleasure.’ Thinking about Talia felt deep guilt.

Though the term was a foreign word to her, she wholeheartedly welcomed the thought of being close with Max.

’In the future I should try to apologize, even if it is with my body.’

No idea that his little revenge to make Talia feel bad about herself would be seen in such a good light by the girl, Max agreed to Mrs Dalia’s request.

"I have a very busy and unhealthy schedule coming this week, so I may only be there to take her to school and drop her at the house. You can come visit her any time you want."

"No problem Mrs Dalia."

"Thank you."

Flashing a smile, Mrs Dalia leaned her hot milf body closer to his.

A moment later he felt her big boobs pressing against his chest.

Separating, Max exchanged glances with Talia for a moment before embracing her.

Their hug was quick and soft, also good.

Talia blushed hard at the end and Max couldn’t help but speculate if he was the first place she hugged , excluding the moment they had in the car.

"Bye-" giving him a side wink, Mrs Dalia walked away. Whilst Max almost failed to resist the urge and stared at her backside.

Walking to the kitchen. Max opened the picnic basket to see a piece of folded paper placed inside.

(?? ? ?? ...)

"Morse code?" Observing the piece of paper, Max studied it for a moment before pocketing it.

’It’s complicated.’

With that, he resumed to consume his neighbour’s delicious Max and cheese.

Evening came and so did night as the sun settled in the west.

Evelyn called to tell him she wouldn’t be able to make it that night and would head to school from the there the next morning.

However, late in the night, Max was woken by something.

Ding!..

..

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 170: - Astonishing Rewards-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ding! Ding! Ding!

Three consecutive high pitched bell sounds rang in the depth of his soul, or rather, mind.

Deeply asleep, Max shot up from his bed with an expression that showed just how dangerously alarmed he was. Nothing like trying to keep calm.

Just had his eyes phased through the dim interior of his room by a single neon Ray, he stopped and his pupils widened in shock.

[System Upgrade Completed!]

Following the brief, neutral, emotionless voice. Before Max could feel a wave of jubilant adrenaline course through him due to the familiar voice. A bright golden light bloomed from the void.

Rapidly extending, it drew straight lines in the air, and extended to form a square shape.

Soon a blank golden holographic screen was created, but that wasn’t all. The lines shot out desperate much smaller tiny lines from itself, that soon turned to words.

The familiar system interface was back, and thus time golden.

So much elation coursed through Max at this moment that he didn’t know what to do other than watch.

Dazed.

[New features... ]

[Taboo: Anything considered a Taboo will be marked as a score, grating the Host Promotion Points.]

[Free Roam Mode: Range of activity no longer limited to the school ground.]

[x10: Any Taboo Act now instantly scores the Host x10 Promotion Points.]

[Unlimited Task Permit: Host can now take an Unlimited number of Taboo Task.]

[Weekly Taboo Challenge Wheel: A challenge is generated for the Host to accomplish within the weekly time limit. ]

[Taboo Nexus Shop: Exclusive shopping to the Host. Stats Upgrade Card. Adrenaline Rush Card. Rank Upgrade Card... can be purchased.]

[Taboo Nexus Point: to trade with Nexus Coins. ]

The writing spread across the holographic screen at the same rate the voice in his head spoke.

Looking at the long list of new features, Max was exceptionally fascinated by the idea of a System shop.

That was just the beginning.

[Quest Completion Discovered.]

[Epic Quest- Have a delightful adventurous holiday.]

[Judging...]

[Over 70% hidden criteria met]

[Epic Quest- Have A Delightful Adventurous Holiday. Accomplished.]

[Congratulations to Host.]

[Epic Rewards Here By Goes...]

[1x Rank Upgrade Card.]

[+1000 Taboo Nexus Points.]

[+50,000 Promotion Points.]

[+50 Stats Point.]

Bonus Rewards-

[Special Title- Silent Punisher. Acquired.]

[A new ability shall be granted to the Host...]

[Fantasy Hands: Not only does the Host draw the curiosity of Ladies with his silence, his touch triggers their fantasy.]

Max stared at the bright holographic screen in daze. His surprise couldn’t be told in words.

To think he would actually get a second ability.

’Silent Punisher? Sounds very cool.’

Wondering how the system gave him titles, he realized this wasn’t his first title. When he first got the system [Flaws of Youth] a title that made his physical stats upgradable.

[Taboo Title Triggered: Family’s Secret Daddy]

[Host has been recognised by the System as the personification of Taboo. Auntie’s secret treasure, Cousins’ big Dick, and Sister’s little man.]

[Family’s Secret Daddy- ???]

"Huh?" Max stared at the question marks on the screen and furrowed his brows in confusion. However everything on the holographic screen cleared to present a new series of words.

[Congratulations to Host, a Major milestone has been surpassed.]

[S Ranked Taboo Student]

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan High School

Stats: 50

Charm- 16+²

Strength- 20.5

Agility- 16.8

Stamina- 35.

S Ranked Taboo Student

Promotion Points: 47050/50000 to SS Rank]

Titles: Family’s Secret Daddy, Flaws of Youth, Silent Punisher

Special Ability: Mr Mystery, Fantasy Hands.

Quest: Become An SSS Rank Taboo Students: Requirements, performing Taboo Tasks.

Epic Task: Escapades with my Classmate ...

<Inventory>

<Taboo Nexus Shop>

<Weekly Challenge Wheel>]

"This is too much to take, even for me."

Muttering these words under his breath, Max felt nothing but excited thrill course through him.

"To think I finally became an S Rank Elite Student- No, according to the student I am already a Taboo Student." Max couldn’t believe.

"Hell, to think I have just 3000 Promotion Points left to become an SS Rank Taboo Student. Fifty thousand? Outrageous-," However, just as he was about to calculate how many points it would take to become an SSS Taboo Student. His expression became overwhelmed with realisation-

A split second later he didn’t hesitate to use it, driven by adrenaline.

’Use Rank Upgrade Card’

With one thought and one will, the holographic screen assumed a more imperial glow, the words on it swirled for a moment, and then...

[Congratulations to the Host for surpassing the second Major milestone.]

[SSS Ranked Taboo Student]

[Passive Ability- Silent Aura Unlocked.]

[Silent Aura- with each passing moment of silence, the user gains an invisible oppressive aura.

Effect: Deters hostile males and generates a sense of inferiority within them if the user wills.]

’Wow.’. Max stared speechlessly at the screen, while clenching his fist to suppress the joy.

"Finally got something cool and not related to sex. It’s like the opposite of Mr Mystery. A weapon fashioned against the males. Silence is power." Max grinned, his usual silent calm composure nowhere to be seen.

The screen flashed again and presented his stats screen.

[ SS Ranked Taboo Student]

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan High School

Stats: 50

Charm- 16+²

Strength- 20.5

Agility- 16.8

Stamina- 35.

S Ranked Taboo Student

Promotion Points: 47050- 100,000 to SSS Rank]

Titles: Family’s Secret Daddy, Flaws of Youth, Silent Punisher

Special Ability: Mr Mystery, Fantasy Hands.

Quest: Become An SSS Rank Taboo Students: Requirements, performing Taboo Tasks.

Epic Task: Escapades with my Classmate ...

<Inventory>

<Taboo Nexus Shop>

<Weekly Challenge Wheel>]

"Damn." Staring at the huge number of Promotion Points needed to advance to SSS Rank Taboo Student, he subtly shook his head.

"Stats fifty."

"Taboo Nexus Shop."

"Weekly Challenge Wheel."

Other than the inventory which had nothing in it, Max pondered on which to check out first.

"Wait, wasn’t I rewarded about 1000 Nexus Points?"

Unable to contain his excitement, Max tapped the holographic screen without his hand phasing through.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 171: - Nexus Shop-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Quickly tapping on the [Taboo Nexus Shop] the holographic screen turned silver, following the dead silence that filled the air in an instant.

In the last five minutes, Max had experienced so much, but that couldn’t be compared to what was on the screen right now.

"What was I even expecting in the first place? A Taboo sex system to begin with."

Vibrators, cuffs, and whips. Varying types of sex toys, including those of extreme degree appeared on the holographic screen.

[Common Items.]-

[Rare Items.]

[Epic Items.]

In his shock, Max suddenly noticed the shop interface was divided into three sections. Marking a silver shade for Common, Rare- green, and Purple-Epic.

Filled elation once more, Max decided to skip the common section after scanning a few of the items.

On the Rare section, the screen turned green.

This time Max slightly leaned back with a surprised look.

Seemingly real stuff from fantasy.

’Potion?’

[Lune-Drop]

Tapping the first item in row, information about it instantly appeared.

[Lune-Drop: When applied causes the inflicted to crave whatever is Taboo at that moment. Duration- 1 drop> 1 minute.]

"Wow, this is really stuff from fantasy." Muttering these words, Max looked at the price.

[100 Nexus Points.]

’Expensive.’

’Each drop is worth 10 Nexus Points?’

’Sure enough, the system couldn’t possibly make things easy for me.’

With this in mind, Max exited the panel and glanced at the next time.

[Unbirthing Phial]

"What a vicious name."

Already having an inkling to what this potion would be, Max still tapped it to be sure.

[Unbirthing Phial: Painless abortion, makes the womb infertile for six months.]

"Hisss."

Max took a deep breath as he saw this.

He imagined several scenarios and quickly exited the panel.

’Is this how it feels to be helped by a system?’ Max thought, silent for a moment with the system’s previous tactics of offering zero help, other than locating targets.

To simply put it, the system never helped until now.

And when it did, it help was so extreme.

’Selling a potion that kills an unborn child.’ Max frowned, staring at the holographic screen.

"Performance boosting potion? 200 Nexus Point is insane."

"Minimal Aphrodisiac Perfume? 100 Nexus Points, not bad."

"Huh? Cumcandy Drop?"

Max speechlessly tapped on the screen as he saw this.

[Cumcandy Drop: Makes the user cum taste like candy. Effect: 1 Day- Per drop.]

[100 Nexus Points]

Without a second thought, Max bought it.

"This should be fun to try out... I only have 900 Points left."

No longer wanting to dandle, Max tapped the Epic item session.

The screen turned purple presenting five rows and twenty items.

The first item, [Sanctum Serum].

’Sanctum Serum?’ Max’s eyes dilated slightly as it became filled with imaginations.

Willing the details to appear, he read the words out loud.

"Sanctum Serum: Grants the user complete immunity to all sexually transmitted diseases for up to a year... 500 Nexus Points."

Then it dawned on Max that his reckless raw intercourse was too risky.

’What if something got transmitted to me?’

Though it was below his expectation, something similar to what granted Captain America Superhuman physical prowess, Max smacked his face and bought it before he could change his mind.

Glancing at what was left of his 1000 Nexus Points, Max revealed a silent pained smile before switching back to the Epic Item screen.

His expression as he checked on the other items could only be described as regret.

"A healing potion? Can cure any sickness... 1000 Nexus Point?"

Disbelief etched on his face as he saw other particular and priceless items.

"Adamantite Rod."

"Womb Glory?"

In the end , the Healing Potion turned out to be the most versatile and none sex potion. That said, it wasn’t the most expensive. The most expensive Potion cost 3000 Points."

Lune Drop, Cumcandy Drop and Sanctum Serum. Max purchased these three items, leaving 300 points for emergency purposes.

Of the three, Max quickly willed to use the Sanctum Serum thinking that the purple pink small tube would appear in his palm.

However-

[Willing to consume the Sanctum Serum?]

[Yes - No]

The system flashed a smaller holographic screen, with manual option. No bottle for him to consume.

Seeing this Max shook his head, with a wry smile.

"Like I thought, it didn’t sound possible.’

The system presenting physical needs? Max didn’t think so.

Tapping the [Yes] option, Max felt his body turn cold for a moment and then returned to normal the next, nothing different or special to note.

Shrugging his shoulders. His eyes fell on the 50 stats points that he was yet to share.

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan High School

Stats: 50

Charm- 16+²

Strength- 20.5

Agility- 16.8

Stamina- 35.]

Glancing at the rest of his stats, he took a deep breath and then willed.

[Strength- 20.5 > 35]

[Agility- 16.8 > 31.8]

"Arrrggh!" Max’s voice broke, his face turned into a pink flush and his eyelids fluttered weakly.

Submerged in an ocean of blissful clouds, his strength grew with each passing millisecond.

Crack! A moment later his bone groaned from the force coursing through him.

Lying helplessly on the bed, Max tried to sit up only for a louder crack to rock the bed, then Bang! It collapsed.

"What the..."

Max grew speechless as he stared at the ceiling of his room in a daze. After a series of clenching and unclenching his fist in order to control his strength Max tried to get up again.

However...

Pooof!

The bed was unable to withstand the force and his fist ended up tearing through the fluffy fabric.

’This is insane.’ Feeling his feet caved the King mattress like his hand did, he resigned to lay still on its

After a few seconds of pondering, he ended up rolling off the bed and was only able to get up with the support of the hard surface under his feet.

"And this is just 30 Stats Points?"

H h h ha h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 172: -SS Ranked Elite Student -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And this is just 30 Stats Points, didn’t sound good as it felt having it anymore.

In order to control his strength, Max gymed for straight three hours, lifting weights and practical sits up until his clothes soaked and was dripping with his own sweat.

Finally, Max picked up the tenth glass cup without shattering it.

Sleep deprived, he had his second bath and slept inside Evelyn’s room.

...

Monday Morning.

Ding Dong!

Ding Dong!

Ding Dong!...

After what felt like eternity, Max couldn’t take it any more.

"Fuck..." he cursed under his breath as he slipped off Evelyn’s bed.

Despite getting no response, the person at the door remained adamant and stubborn enough not to get the clue. Take their leave that is.

Silently grieving in his heart, Max put on a neutral expression as he went to answer the door.

’Who the hell would be ringing a doorbell so early...’

"Hi?"

Interrupting his thoughts, a slender black lady stood by the door.

In fluffy slippers that hugged her feet, a loose robe with one strap off her shoulder. Her pointed nipples could be easily seen poking through her singlet as she lazily held a clip paper board and pen.

Her voice, sweet, held uncertainty then surprise as she took in his appearance. Especially his toned arms and shaped form that could be traced through the singlet he wore.

There was silence for a moment between them before Max responded.

"Hello?" Subtly raising his right brow, he met her eyes.

"Hey, hi." Flaunting her beautiful smile, she craned her neck a bit to the side like she was expecting to see someone by his side before retracting her neck.

"Humm... I don’t know how to say this, but... I was assigned by the company to deliver this package last night..." she pointed at the black Lamborghini parked on the driveway and then revealed the key in her hand.

Scrunching her face, she pointed at the next duplex before resuming.

"... Because I live so close by, I kind of slept off after arriving from work and forgot to deliver." With that being said, she swept her braids to the back and held her up the clipboard properly.

"Oh, no problem." Having never seen the next building occupant, Max stifled his surprise while trying not to look at the two poking nipples.

"Huh?" Taken aback by his words, she gave him a skeptical glance and resumed writing on the clipboard.

’I see, letting her nipples out is her apologetic tactic huh?’ Inwardly acknowledging her perky tits nonetheless, she raised her head with a beautiful smile tainting her lips.

"Would you help me pass this to your dad, or big brother perhaps?" she said, winking at him with her left eye.

Instantly puzzled, Max nodded and politely collected the clipboard from her hands.

She probably expected him to turn back and head inside, however Max raised his brows seeing the name written on the clipboard.

(Owner: Maximus Rider)

(Signature:__________)

’It sure does belong to me, what is she thinking?’

Without a second thought, Max flicked the pen and filled the remaining space with his signature.

On the other hand, the lady appeared taken aback but too late to react and stop him.

In her daze,

"Here." Max placed the pen on the board and handed it to her.

"Huh?" Looking quizled, she raised her head to glance at him.

"Are you Maximus Rider?" she said.

"Yes, but I prefer being called Max."

"Oh-" reacting quite speechlessly, she repeatedly shook her head and threw the black Lamborghini a glance.

"So you own that bad boy?" She said,

"Yes."

"Wow. Sorry to ask, are you kind of like a celebrity? Famous figure or own a company? Or just don’t mind my questions, I’m breaking a work code here." raising both hands playfully to wave her questions away, Max knew from the look in her eyes that she truly wanted to know.

"I’m just a high school student." Max said, and she froze.

"Wow... what a strange world even celebrities would work their but off to afford something like that." Quickly realising she has spoken too loud, she smiled apologetically.

"Sorry, my name is Diane and I just moved into the next building. You might not know this, but the previous owner was found dead all alone for almost a month. I have a husband but he’s kinda rarely home, but you’re free to visit and hopefully I don’t die all alone in that house.

My code is 3113."

By the time she mentioned her house code, she was already far enough to hide her embarrassment with a wave of her hand.

"I guess that’s a bye." Max muttered.

’3113.’

Glancing at the car key, he turned and closed the door behind him.

...

Later that morning. 7:30 am

Zzz! Zzz!

Max was just about to pick up the cup of tea when his phone vibration notified him of an email.

Dropping the cup to pick the phone, he swiped on the screen and tapped the mail.

(Subject: Promotion to SS-Ranked Elite Student – Immediate Action Required

Dear Maximus Rider,

Congratulations!

Following a thorough evaluation of your recent performance, achievements, and exemplary conduct, we are pleased to inform you that you have officially been promoted to SS-Ranked Elite Student status — the second highest distinction within the Academy.

This promotion grants you access to advanced training modules, a private dorm room, elite resource tiers, and certain restricted areas within the school premises. Further details regarding your new privileges and expectations will be provided in your updated dossier.

To complete the formal process, please report to the Principal’s Office at your earliest convenience. Your presence is required for a final briefing and issuance of your Elite insignia.

We recognize the dedication and strength you’ve shown, Maximus — continue to rise.

With honor, Miss Scarlett

Elite Metropolitan High School.)

’Did it, Officially an Elite.’ With a smirk on his face, Max didn’t call anyone to announce his latest achievement but triumphantly drove to school.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 173: - Hero Leaves -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Monday has always been a special day across the globe even though no one celebrated it. And today, it was even more special. Filled with expectation and hope of what was to come. Reunion took place. Handshakes, hugs, kisses, smack, grab, whatever that could be used to express longing between friends and classmates took place. A joyous bustling atmosphere was created.

Driving into the school’s parking lot, Max caused several heads to turn as usual. Not only due to his luxurious ride, but also fame.

Even after a two week holiday the fame didn’t disappear.

"Look, it’s him."

"In glorious form."

"He’s looking all fine, but didn’t..."

"Shhhhh."

Some started to whisper while the majority marveled or turned their heads away.

Familiar with such spotlight over the past month or so, Max, neatly dressed in a new pair of uniform and shoes, strapped his bag over his shoulder and climbed the small stair to the entrance. In the midst of the crowded area there was already a parted empty space for him to walk through.

’Nice. Feels awesome to be respected by your own age group.’

Walking across the spacious hallway, he didn’t take long to spot a few familiar faces.

Kats was leading her clique of girls with an aggrieved look like she dearly wanted to rip someone apart but couldn’t.

Their eyes met for a moment and she appeared taken aback before rolling her eyes and kept walking.

’Well...’ amused, he halted his thoughts and tilted his neck towards Kats departing clique.

’Indeed.’ Sophia wasn’t in sight,and Max had a slight inkling that she might be the reason to Kats expression. That said, there was also his previous class president William who gave him a nod of acknowledgement when their eyes met.

Yes previous, since he would be going to the S Ranked Building after his visit to the Principal office. Returning the silent curt nod, Max continued on his way towards the fatty principal’s office.

To his surprise, apparently he wasn’t the only student to have made it to S Rank this term. On his way he walked past five jubilant male and females in total.

When he finally got to the principal’s office, he met someone he wasn’t supposed to have. Miss Elina, the cold BS Teacher he fucked in the general staff room while the other Teachers were on break.

"Come in."

The principal’s lazy voice could be heard from behind the door upon noticing that someone was at the door.

Miss Elina wore a short office skirt with black stockings. Two upper buttons of her dress shirt were undone, revealing her neckline, however the uneven roughness of her iron white dress around her chest was noticeable, hinting at a very accurate possibility that those two lemons had been squeezed a few moments ago.

’The Lion has left its den for too long and the hyena thinks it can roam freely in it.’ Max’s eyes turned cold, however his words betrayed his thoughts.

"Sorry, excuse me." he then politely moved out of the way for Miss Elina to pass.

Staring at the door post, the Principal raised his brows in wonder as to why the student held up the teacher at the door. However, this thought only took a split second before it was trashed away.

Walking past the door after Miss Elina left, Max greeted the fat man politely despite the irritation and his threat to deal with him later tonight.

"Good Morning principal Norman."

"Hey there student, how may I help you?" Taking off his glasses to wipe the lenses with a handkerchief, the principal threw him a glance and resumed putting his glasses back on.

Without a word, Max silently placed the printed email he received earlier on the table.

Taken aback, the principal threw him another glance and took up the paper.

"Huh?" Suddenly looking and sounding confused, the principal replaced his glasses.

"Which class were you before?" Not taking his eyes off the paper he asked.

"Class 5, Second Year Student." Max said,calmly and composed enough to earn another confused glance from the fatty.

"A double S promotion directly from A?"

Confused as he was, the principal withheld his suspicion, unable to deny the authority behind the mail.

"Okay." Picking up the stamp, he placed it on the paper.

"Your insignia will be delivered to your home address. You can take this and head over to the Elite Building, show it to the security and they will lead you to your next stop." Handing him back the paper, the principal forced out a smile while adjusting his glass.

Unconcerned though, Max collected the paper and politely turned to leave.

Behind him, the principal shook his head and resumed going through some selected documents.

Closing the door behind him, Max walked through the hallway for a while before reaching the bustling entrance with students who were having their laughs about what happened during the past two weeks.

"Why is he heading out?"

"Look, he’s holding a paper."

"True, so far the only people holding such things were all jumpy and happy with proud shoulders as they walked past the entrance."

"Everyone look." the second to the last person’s voice seemed to alert the people around him. Causing them to alert everybody.

"Huh? What’s happening?"

"What’s the ruse for?" Questions flew in the air for the next five seconds before most saw the paper in his hand.

"Are you kidding me?"

"If not a promotion to become an S Ranked Elite, why else would someone exit the entrance barely ten minutes later?" Following these words, realisation dawned on everyone who had no clue of what was happening.

"How come?"

"How is this even possible? We barely had someone who could stand up to those S Elites, yet when we did, he’s taken away from us?"

Filled with misgivings and shock, they all watched Max get into the black Lamborghini and smoothly drove out of the school gate.

After ten minutes of driving down the probate road, Max drove to the front of a tall, sci-fi building that towered five floors.

"Welcome, how can we help you?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 174: -Arrival: Elite gathering-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While noticing that for some unknown reason, the front of the building was clear, and there were no cars, no bustling crowd, just green field grass and a big water fountain, Max got out of the car.

In fact, it didn’t seem like a school building, more like a lab or glass house due to how futuristic the structure was.

"How may I help you?" The security man acted cool and professional, without any belittling look in his eyes.

"Here." Getting out of his car, Max stretched out his arm to reveal the paper in his palms.

"Come with me." Nodding, without further ado the man turned and led them both across the stone-paved path for the next five minutes till they passed the water fountain, then stopped.

Max subtly raised his brow as the man came to a halt seeing there was at least five metres’ distance close to the door.

"You can walk inside the building on your own now after you hand over your car key." There was no threat in the man’s voice saying this.

Though a little suspicious and having noted the lack of cars in sight, Max placed his car key on the man’s outstretched palm.

With a curt nod, the man turned and walked away. Back towards the post.

Observing the Elite Building for a moment, Max resumed to walk forward.

The double doors of the Elite Building hissed open as he approached within two metres.

’This place must be strictly monitored then.’ Max noted, and then a moment later a wave of air-conditioned breeze welcomed him.

The lobby was wide and minimalist, with dark stone floors veined in faint gold and deep blue light tracing the walls. No school banners, no announcements—just quiet with no one in sight.

’Is this even a school?’

Just then, there was a distinct click and a chic lady came out of the door behind the receptionist desk.

’Wow.’ Max drew a mental breath.

A combination of voluptuous femininity with elegant slenderness. Busty chest and subtle curves inside a slender frame. Like a crafted work of art of a lustful sculptor. A body only said to exist in fantasy.

’Such perfect details... probably plastic surgery.’ Dosing his hormones in cold water, Max didn’t stop analysing the detail though.

First — she was wearing a black silk blouse with a deep V-line and collar that granted a promising imagination that one might be able to stuff their face between the ample peaks, cleavage, if they did well enough in their studies.

On the bottom, she wore high-waisted, wide-leg white tailored trousers with pleats that highlighted her waist and the enviable curves granted by her thighs.

Her face card game was top notch. Equal to celebrities...

"Even if you appear to be so subtle with those calm eyes, I can still feel your gaze roaming all over me, you’re not the first today."

Closing the door behind her with a slight shake of her head, the lady elegantly walked towards the desk, adjusting the seat to take a seat.

Silent, Max said nothing in response to what she said and neither did his facial expression change or contract in the slightest.

He watched her sit and then walked towards the desk.

"Good day..." taking a polite pause, he continued. "... I was asked to bring this here."

"Huh?" Elegantly raising her brow with a puzzled glint in her eyes, she looked him up and down and stretched out her hand.

"Paper?"

Max handed it over without speaking.

She scanned it, and threw him a glance.

"Double S?... Very impressive."

"Thank you." Max responded in a curt neutral tone.

Silently observing his appearance for a moment, she added.

"Though you look smart and sharp. Probably performed an incredible feat to make you skyrocket two major Ranks, the competition to go any further is very intense and may lead to life-threatening situations." Saying this, she reached under her desk and handed him a black leather band with a silver sigil shaped like a rising sun.

"You can use this till you get your insignia. A proof of your Rank. Also, you’ve been assigned to Class 2."

Max listened attentively and finally nodded.

Then she pointed at the only other door in sight, different from the one she just exited.

"That’s a one-way elevator. Use it."

Though the direction she gave was as bland as the one a child would give, Max gave her a thankful nod and turned to leave.

"Wait..."

He heard her call and stopped to glance back.

"I can sense you’re different... So I’ll let you grab a feel the next time we meet."

Waving her thumbs at him with a straight face like it was a normal thing, Max’s neutral expression cracked, and he then silently nodded at her.

"Thanks."

Strapping the band around his wrist as he stepped inside the elevator, the door closed behind him.

Ding!

A light doorbell sounded and Max felt the elevator in motion.

However, to his biggest surprise, the elevator didn’t feel like it was heading up but downward instead.

Two minutes later the elevator finally came to a stop.

Already filled with conception of what might be crazy but a correct guess no one that hasn’t been promoted to S Rank would be able to imagine.

’The Elite Building is some kind of underground facility?’

...

Access Wing.

"Quick! Another one is coming."

"Really, fuck,! Head to the Access Wing and place your bets on those likely to use the Access elevator."

Quite the contrast to what those who held them in high esteem would imagine. S Elites were a rogue bunch.

So far there had been 20 people who came down from the elevator. First year, second year, third year seniors.

And anytime the bell was rung for a new arrival they would all run to the Access Wing to gamble on the identity of newcomers.

"50 Grand in Alex from Second Year."

"300 Grand on Rebecca from Third Year..."

The bet went on and on as they all waited in anticipation, ready to cash out big.

However, when the elevator opened, the atmosphere fell dead silent.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 175: - Elite Base: The Bet-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Certainly! Here’s your text with only typos and grammatical errors corrected, and no content changed:

---

"Huh?"

Max blinked, caught off guard by the gathered crowd across the white hallway.

The bustling, noisy atmosphere a split second ago fell dead silent.

The crowd also froze, each with a slip of paper in their hands as their eyes roamed him over and over again.

"What the hell is going on?" Max wondered, instantly discarding the thought that all these people were gathered to welcome him.

Using a moment to reinforce his neutral gaze, he paid no heed to being the centre of the spotlight.

He was about to take a nonchalant step forward when suddenly—

Ding!

An elevator arrival notification went off and the crowd slowly tilted their necks in sync towards the left...

"Yes."

A voice laced with excited jubilation broke the silence, and the crowd and the rest of them tried to locate the source.

Waving the paper slip in his hand up, an ash-haired boy walked to the front as confused eyes followed him.

Upon getting to the front where everyone could now see him, he raised his thumbs at Max who was silently watching, and grinned at the rest of them.

"Check this."

Without much talk, he handed the slip to a youth next to him.

"–Please read it out loud," he added just as the unknown youth’s eyes widened.

Heeding his words, the youth proceeded to read out loud what was written on the paper slip.

"Max from second year... 100 Grand."

To Max’s surprise, after hearing his name called and the amount after, everyone’s gaze changed and the atmosphere went through a vacuum of silence before chaos ensued.

"Fuck!"

A blonde-haired youth with a face twisted in regret instantly tore his slip apart—he was the first to break the silence.

Chaos ensued. Groans, curses, and disbelief.

"This is definitely rigged."

"No way."

"You got to be kidding me."

"Wait—Max? This is that Max?"

Max’s eyes flickered between their expressions, suddenly understanding what the fuss was about.

From the look of things, a bet had been placed on who would exit the elevator depending on guesses.

"Too bad..." Feeling no pity for their loss, his amused gaze settled on the ash-haired youth’s appearance.

Tall, with sharp features. The latter slung his jacket above his shoulder while grinning at their reaction.

"Sucks to be you." Kissing the glinting gold chain around his neck, he met Max’s silent gaze and quickly came forward.

"Hello friend. I’m Ash."

Revealing a friendly countenance as he stood before him, Ash still stretched out his hand for a handshake despite Max’s unfriendly look.

Seeing the crowd quickly disband, Max chose to respond.

"...Max."

Seeing Max receive his handshake, Ash’s smile broadened.

"From what I heard, you aren’t friendly or ever seen communicating with any other student... that’s sure a lot of mis-information," Ash said, smiling as they disengaged their palms.

"I guess." Max replied in the same neutral tone.

"Well, I just wanted to say thank you for the 3 M’s just now." Observing Max’s expression for any fracture or change as he said this, Ash smiled.

"Welcome." Resisting the urge to twitch his lips at the won amount, Max acted neutral.

"Okay then, welcome to Elite Base. I’ll see you later."

"Sure."

Meanwhile, watching all this, Brielle looked lost and confused.

<A few minutes back before she entered the elevator.>

Being a young, very beautiful girl at the start of her prime who had boys swooning over her while growing up and more interested in fame—Brielle was more excited than any other on this day. Because earlier this morning, she woke up and saw she had been promoted to become an S Ranked Elite.

Sure enough, her joy had been immense. First year, third term Elite was also a very big deal.

Although on the downside, she was going to lose her ranking as a Top 3 first-year senior beauty. The thought of the senior Elites swooning over her elicited her thrill.

Her expectation was high. Before she entered the elevator, she made sure to check in the mirror and even added a little lip gloss.

In her amazement that the Elite Building was actually built underground, the elevator arrived at its destination.

When the doors opened, a gathered crowd of boys—Senior Elites, rather—were actually here to welcome her.

"Oh..." ’...you guys didn’t have to bother.’ The reminder of her words drifted back into her thoughts before she could speak out the sentence.

Because in that moment, no one seemed to give a fuck about her but averted their eyes in sync.

Their silence? Attention? It was only directed at one person until a guy in the gathering came forward with a paper slip in hand after shouting "yes."

She watched as chaos ensued, and soon realized that a bet had been placed.

"Max?" she thought, instantly remembering the figure of a youth at the birthday party incident who rode a brand new Lamborghini and also beat up an SS Elite student for his sister, who was also an SS.

The whole school had been shaken by the revelation and his feat.

Brielle recounted every single detail of the event she knew, comforting herself that only such a person would indeed be able to take attention from her.

While, in truth, she arrived at the wrong moment.

Would guys about to lose their money in a bet have emotions to spare at the sight of a single beauty? Besides, every female Elite was a top-quality beauty or either blessed with good assets. There was no such thing as simps within the Elites either.

Without a single bit of attention, Brielle watched the ash-haired Elite walk toward Max.

Though she didn’t hear most of what they exchanged, she heard something clearly.

"Well, I just wanted to say thank you for the 3 M’s just now."

...

Max watched Ash walk away and was about to search for his way around when he caught a figure walking toward him from the corner of his eyes.

To think I didn’t notice her this whole time.

"Please, can I walk with you?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 176: - Meeting with Sis and friends -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Please can I walk with you?"

Amongst all other things, Brielle was smart, smart enough to become an S Elites.

Realizing that her beauty wouldn’t help her that much, given how everyone simply discarded her from their right earlier like she wasn’t worth their attention. Brielle made a quick decision to make the first move.

And by move, make friends with someone of influence.

’Max’

Silently popping her lips, Brielle walked towards Max who was about to walk off.

...

’Huh? Walk with me?’

Light makeup, perfectly tucked shirt in her pleated short skirt enough to blend with the cropped bow cardigan she was wearing instead of the usual uniform leather jacket or cardigan for A Ranked Students and lower.

’From the look of it, she’s very well informed and has a very acute dressing sense.’

Max silently judged as he observed her beautiful face.

’...And to think no one actually swooned over her from the get go.’

"Why?"

Appearing to ponder for a moment, he responded.

...

’What a relief, I wasn’t ignored.’

Brielle put on her best smile before she responded.

"Well... I am new Elite and you’re my senior. I don’t know anything about this place—"
NovelFire

"Okay."

Cutting her short, Max responded and turned to walk away.

Stunned, Brielle took a moment to get herself and then quickened her steps to walk beside him.

The hallway was pristine—lined with smooth, white walls that curved gently, giving the space a sleek, futuristic flow. Everything looked seamless, as if the entire corridor had been molded from a single piece of high-tech material.

’Just what is the S Elites ruckus all about-’ Max thought, only to be interrupted an instant later.

"Over there, there’s a map." Brielle said pointing at a big sign board on the wall.

The hallway, starting from the elevator, spanned more than ten metres to the next intercession which they could see.

Following Brielle’s pointed finger, Max saw the map and they walked towards it.

"Wow."

Brielle subtly gasped.

And Max? He stilled down his surprise and wore a neutral expression.

The Elite Building was constructed in a huge cricket maze.

Starting from the Access wing, the two hallways that branched it actually went on in a circle , circumference,and branched several other hallways.

"Central Atrium... Innovation and Strategy Wing... Luxury Lounge Wing?" Brielle muttered carefully as she read the labelled structures on the map.

’Training Hall? Ranking? Night?’

While he didn’t act like it, Max caught a few intriguing words that made him question if this was really a High School.

"Oh look, there’s actually a Welcome Office." Pointing at a little labelled mark close to the Access Wing label, Brielle smiled with relief.

From the look of it, they hadn’t given her any useful information like they did to him.

With their goal in mind they took the right hallway.

Not up to ten seconds, they arrived at a broader hallway or rather one of the main intersections of the maze structure.

Teamed up with ten or so Elites who happened to be passing-by with a serious expression that was far from their cold arrogant personality.

"It’s really him." One of them said out loud while the rest threw him a glance and kept walking forward, resuming their conversation.

’Wow.’ Brielle glancing at their departing back muttered inwardly.

"The welcome office should be at the next turn right? We’ve been walking since and still no room is labeled as such." Sounding confused, Brielle skeptically glanced at Max’s expression to see his gaze glued in a certain direction.

’Huh ?’ she thought.

"It isn’t an office, it’s just a screen inserted into the wall."

Hearing his words, Brielle noticed a wall they had passed was actually a "welcome"playing ad video labelled as the welcome office.

They both stood there about to watch when a finger lightly tapped Max’s shoulder.
NovelFire

’Huh?’ Raising his brow, he coldly turned around to face whoever it was.

However, his facade quickly melted at the sight of his charming sister.

Smiling, with suppressed excitement tainting her cheeks slightly flush, Evelyn looked more socially active than he had ever known her to.

She was wearing a green baggy sweater that reached her knees.

’Isn’t that mine though, but I have never worn it actually. When did she take it?’ Taking in his sister’s appearance.

"Hi."

She didn’t come alone, there was a snow-white Asian beauty next to her who kept staring at him intensely while he found her to be familiar.

’She’s that girl.’ A split second later, realization dawned on Max as a mental image of striking Korean girl formed in his mind.

’Though she’s no less beautiful in a partial uniform, the difference is striking.’

Sending her a silent curt nod, he noticed three other girls who stood behind her and also part of their group.

"Hi." Staring at him like he was a special specimen, they all acted shyly with a coy smile on their lips.

To think his sister had such friends,Max felt slightly moved.

Spreading his arms, Evelyn leaned closer for a little hug which they then let go.

To think they won’t miss such comfort with just two days apart.

Playing the side character, Brielle held her breath with hidden envy and jealousy directed at Evelyn and Co.

"Is it true?" Excited, Evelyn stared at him in disbelief.

The proof was before her, none Elite would never be permitted to enter the Elite Base.

"Yes."

"Come let me show you around."

It was when Evelyn pulled his arm that she noticed that there was a figure beside him.

The rest of her friends also seemed to notice and all of their attention turned to the younger girl.

"I..."

Brielle lost her composure, sensing all eyes on her.

’Huh?’

Glancing down at her from the corner of his eyes for a moment, Max decided to save her.

"She’s with me."

At his words, the look in Evelyn’s eyes turned secretly suspicious then a smile bloomed on her face.

"Alright you can tag in with us." She said to Evelyn who instantly looked gratified about her earlier choice.

"Thanks." She muttered.

With the help of five top beauties, also SS Elites leading him, heads turned with whispers here and there.

"This is the Central Atrium."

After cutting several hallways, telling about the school, Evelyn smirked as he stared amazed at the big space that was half the size of an airport lobby.

"Check out the Ranking!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 177: - Centre of Attention
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Check out the Ranking!"

Max was so absorbed admiring the architecture of Central Atrium, when a loud shout broke his attention and drew the attention of everyone else.

’As guessed, there’s always a town crier.’

Despite the marginal difference between the way Elites did things, there were things that couldn’t be changed.

Max followed the source of the voice, the girls around him did too.

A brown-haired youth, wearing a big designer sweater and shoes with glowing lights, waved his phone in the air.

There was a brief pause of activities in the lobby for a moment before everyone reacted and brought out their phone.

Beside him, Max noticed the girl with fluffy hairband that had her hair packed in a ponytail also brought out her phone.

The moment after, the atmosphere became pin-drop silent.

"What’s it?"

Those who didn’t bring out their phones or had it on them turned to their companions who froze in disbelief.

Beside him, Evelyn and the other girls gathered around the girl with a pink band. Only to freeze in disbelief a moment later.

Whilst Max could only watch as the atmosphere became heated and about to erupt.

"Max?" Evelyn called out his name, her voice clouded in confusion and disbelief while taking a step back.

"... Rider?"

The rest of the girls silently turned to him like they were about to choke on their breath.

’Huh?’

Now it was Max’s turn to be confused.

Those who had seen him enter the Central Atrium moments earlier also gazed at him like... a monster.

"Holy Bunny!"

"No way."

"Is this even possible?"

The current scene in the Central Atrium was like a slow bubble of words. One by one, people began to regain their senses, asking the same question while their companions were yet to recover.

"What is it?" Max confusedly raised his brow in response to their disbelieving gaze.

Brielle also looked confused since she hadn’t been able to glance at the phone screen but the next moment she did. Because the girl with the pink-haired band stretched out her hand to show Max what was on the screen.
NovelFire

"Is this an error?" Brielle muttered when she saw it, unable to comprehend the reality of what it meant.

"SS Rank? Screw this school, I’m transferring."

"There’s no way this is happening."

"Are they trying to tell us that a fucker we’ve known nothing about for the past two years comes and then surpasses us with barely a month of Fame?"

The whole Atrium turned noisy with curses being hurled at the school authorities.

"You became an SS?" Evelyn finally brought herself to ask.

"Hmmm– yes."

Though it had been a big deal for him too when he advanced, Max didn’t expect that it would be much of a bigger deal.

His casual acceptance of the fact left the four other girls speechless.

To become an S-Ranked Elite was what every Elite Metropolitan Senior Highschool student dreamt of the instant they got accepted into the school.

Many took two years to fulfill this dream. The exceptionally brilliant ones did it in their first Senior, with those higher than that already an Elite on their first day of senior high.

And that’s where the real hurdle begins.

An Elite, though given so much freedom, were expected to perform more than their best.

Tests were incredibly difficult with field ones taking the most of it.

With this criteria in place, ’S Elite’ became the bus stop for about eighty percent of Elites.

Of the remaining twenty percent that managed to advance, fifteen percent give up on advancing. Two percent strive, with three percent advancing.

That was how brutal advancement was.

And now to think Max from nowhere skipped two major Ranks. Not just that. He also became number 10 on the SS Ranking which had twenty Elites in total. Five ranks behind his sister who was in her third year.

"Look, that’s him." A voice cried out loud, pointing at the edge of Atrium, where Max and six other girls stood.

"Ehn? He’s gotten a harem that quick?"

"No, can’t you recognise them? That’s his sister, Evelyn, Alicia fourth on the SS Ranking. Those three are also 11, 12, 13."

"What about the youngest girl?"

"What do I look like to you?"

"Tell us your secret!" Another said out loud.

They all heard the news earlier, about Max surprisingly being one of the newest batch of S Elites. Though a surprise, being an S-Ranked Elite wasn’t much if it would take you nearly a year to advance to the next Rank. Within such time, Max’s steam would cool off and so would the achievement of bearing an SS Elite up.

Like many others, he was famous but would not be taken seriously.

And they all thought that was going to be it until this moment when they saw his Ranking.

An achievement never seen or heard of. Two Elite Rank Up at once.

Max’s gaze turned cold, sensing several jealous, hostile gazes.

"Let’s go."

Temporarily suppressing her own shock and happiness, Evelyn initiated that they should leave.

"Let’s head to the form."

Alicia, who hadn’t spoken all this while, finally spoke up after throwing a split secretive glance at Max.

In their company, the jealous attention Max felt became more clouding.

Some even said he was the Principal’s secret child.

"The Elite base is such fuss because of you. On your first day." Evelyn said as they walked, turning through the randomly branched passage.

"... My bad."

Taking a moment to reply, Max shook his head.

"Oh, I think you’re very cool."

The girl with the second most black luscious hair said, throwing a smile.

"I don’t advise you to flirt with my brother, Jane."

However, she was quickly chewed by Evelyn who hooked arms with Max.

They were getting closer to the female side of the form, so it was mostly girls on their way.

Most curiously drawn to his unknown identity since they hadn’t heard of what happened at the Atrium.

"We are here."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 178: - The Conversation -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"We are here."

A wave of sweet, clear fragrance brushed their noses the moment the door slipped open.

’This is a form room?’

Behold, the room looked like a high-end underground suite from futuristic movies.

Sleek, quiet, and meticulously curated.

1000% noise absorbance from the look of it.

"Wow."

Temporarily losing composure, Brielle’s eyes traced the soft white lighting that ran across the curved walls to create an ambient warmth.

"This is cool," she whispered, excited about her decision to tag along with Max.

"Well... this is Alicia’s humble abode."

Evelyn said, winking at Brielle, who quickly retrained herself after realizing she acted out of character.

Reacting to his sister’s words, Max glanced at the familiar Korean girl who just happened to tilt her neck at the same time as him.

’So she’s Alicia,’ he thought, only to realize the next instant that she was Evelyn’s best friend.

’I should have realized earlier.’

That night, at the party, she had been the one to alert him of Evelyn being assaulted because she had been in disbelief at the sight.

"You can have your seats."

Evelyn hinted with open arms at the two small couches opposite each other, positioned next to the bed.

Taking the couch to the right, Max silently took his seat.

Due to the big difference in status and fame, Brielle reacted later after some difficulty.

"Okay brother and... girls. I shall introduce you guys."

"Max, this is Alicia."

"Emma," she pointed at the girl with a pink fluffy hairband.

"Viv, Vivian." Wrapping her arm around the girl with the second most luscious black hair other than Alicia, she said.

"And Iris."

Iris had the most distinct features, which were her silver eyes groomed with the calm temperament she gave off.

"Alicia, Emma, Viv, Iris... This is my brother, Max."

"Hi." "Hi." "Hi."... Other than Alicia who simply nodded in silence, the rest of them either raised a palm, winked, or silently stared into his eyes.

All met with his silent gaze.

"It’s nice to meet you... all."

Max said, restraining his gaze from checking them out.

"I’m glad that’s settled," Evelyn said after a short pause.

The only person who felt awkward in the room at the moment was Brielle.

"Max, is it okay to share how you advanced so quickly?"

"To be honest, quickly is an understatement."

Unable to contain their curiosity any longer, Emma asked while being supported by Viv.

’I would be dumb to reveal the system.’

"That... I don’t exactly know how.

I got an email this morning and saw that I was promoted two ranks."

Recounting every word with composure, he shrugged his shoulders, causing the girls to be speechless.

"... I see."

"With the way the school is, you should have no other knowledge than what Evelyn already told you..."

Speaking up with a straight, neutral tone, Alicia seemed to analyze the situation for him, releasing the awkward silence.

’Huh?’

Brief silence fell between both siblings until Evelyn flashed a smile.

"Oh... about that. I don’t tell him about what happens in school."

Upon hearing her words, the four girls quickly threw her a suspicious look.

"She and I rarely come back home, so we don’t get to talk apart from a little FaceTime."

Protecting the truth, which was their distant sibling relationship for the past years, Max spoke to ease their suspicion.

Though it didn’t completely vanish, the girls pretended to nod in realization.

"To be fair, I asked her not to disclose our relationship because I wanted to stay under the radar."

With his straight face, neutral lie, the glint of suspicion in their eyes vanished.

"What she said on our way here is just the tip of the iceberg."

Iris said, throwing Evelyn a silent glance.

"Wait, do you two know the true purpose of what it means to be an Elite?" Emma said with a doubtful look on her face.

Whilst the rest of the girls suddenly turned serious.

"A guess." Not to disappoint, Max had done his assignment into such things.

"Right, you’re also a rich folk. But let me break it down clearly," Emma proposed.

"Hmm." Nodding in response, the latter pursed her lips into a smile and continued.

"It is no secret that humanity is exploring Mars. But that’s to the public and common people. So far, among the world’s wealthiest and most influential people, there’s a rumor about colonization of planet Mars.

However, there is a requirement that only young people can live through the early phase.

This is where Elites come in.

As an Elite, you’ll be trained to adapt and survive in most situations and circumstances.

And trust me, since you skipped a whole crucial rank, you’ll be assigned to the strictest lessons," Emma concluded.

Picking up from where she dropped, Viv spoke up.

"To begin, you’ll have to show your path of study."

"Evelyn and I study Biology—Life Study, to be precise."

"Alicia, Tactical Strategy and Simulation."

"Emma, Astro-TerraScience."

"Iris, Engineering and System Integration."

"Combat, Space Law, Geography. The list goes on."

’Crazier than I expected, such advanced studies.’

"You don’t have to worry much about it, you can have a taste of each class before deciding to select. After you select, you can go meet the Provost.

And as for the Provost, she’s like the principal but with the highest authority in the base. She can easily oust S Elites.

So when you do meet her, be careful of the way you treat or talk to her." Viv added with a serious expression.

Emma took over.

"You’ll then be taken to a room where you’ll be tested and injected with an actual serum—"

’Interesting.’

"In case you’ve ever wondered why Elites here are mostly physically stronger than those at the normal school, it’s because the serum strengthens their gene."

"Serum’s effect specializes in different aspects, which you’ll get to know on your own."

"As for Ethan, who you beat up, he studies Biology just like your sister, so his physical quality may be less redeeming," Emma taunted in spite but also hinted at him about stronger people.

The whole room turned awkward for a moment before suddenly, Iris spoke.

"Look, Max, you’ve been challenged."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 179: -Challenged-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Challenged?’

Confused by the word, Max directed his raised brow at Iris, who was already handing over her phone to Emma, who then passed it to Viv.

At the end, Alicia and Evelyn held the phone together to stare at its screen.

"Ethan is so unbelievable," Emma said, her face scrunched in disgust as she imagined the jerk.

"Hmm," Iris agreed with a nod, further leaving Max speechless.

Alicia and Evelyn handed the phone back to Viv with light frowns on their faces.

Seeing this, Max didn’t hold back anymore and spoke up.

"What is it?" he said, maintaining eye contact with the five girls at once.

They seemed a little taken aback by this, then suddenly realized he didn’t know what they were talking about.

An instant later, Viv did the pleasure of speaking first.

"Ethan has challenged you to a duel," she said.

"Previously, because you were an A-Ranked Elite, some regulations didn’t apply to you.

For example, Duel by Combat. When two Elites have a verified grudge against each other—especially within school grounds or caused by related matters to the school—they are given the right to duel through a challenge, with only a one-time refusal and grace of two weeks before the next."

Emma shook her head after saying this.

’What are they talking about?’

Max took a moment to rummage through his memories for who Ethan was. Then it finally dawned on him.

The jerk of a boyfriend his sister once had.

"What stupid fellow."

"But don’t worry, Max. You can choose to refuse his challenge since you aren’t even in the forum yet," Viv said, throwing a side smile.

"I agree with Viv too," Emma supported, being the second most lively one in the group.

Silence.

There was a dumbfounded look on Max’s face as he stared at the two girls...

Evelyn covered her mouth to hide her smile, meanwhile Iris decided to wake up the other two.

"Aren’t you two forgetting something?"

The two girls fell silent and then raised their palms to touch their heads.

Smiling, Evelyn spoke up, not a little bit worried by the outcome.

"You guys don’t need to worry about my brother, he’ll be fine. Besides, Ethan has been using the excuse that he was drunk that night."

Hearing these words, Alicia glanced at Max to see his expression. Sure, only she knew how many glasses he had taken before that fight.

"I’ll be okay. Where does the duel take place?"

Contrary to the girls’ thoughts, Max didn’t look bothered in the slightest but simply asked where the fight would take place with steeze.

"Ehn?"

They appeared taken aback by his composure, attracted by his confidence and curiosity about his personality.

"The Training Hall, the duel takes place there,"

Iris, who now had her phone back, managed to say, pulling Emma by her top.

"Let’s go." Thrilled by what was to come, Viv said.

Evelyn, on the other hand, lightly bit her lips as she stared at Max, only to feel Alicia’s cold hand on her shoulder.

And so they left.

Exiting the luxurious dorm room, the hallway was mostly empty and those they saw were scurrying towards the Training Hall before them.

Not long after, the noise from the 3-path hallway joint hinted that they had arrived.

The Training Hall was just as big as the Central Atrium in capacity, but the height of the ceiling was half that of the former when compared.

All sorts of gymming mechanisms, portable training pods, and training frames were stationed across the place like it was a Martial Academy.

The most eye-catching was the octagon fighting ring and the twenty-meter pool at the northern edge of the Hall.

Sighting Max, the crowd began to make way.

Standing inside the ring with a pair of fighting gloves worn on his hands was a familiar figure.

"He really came?"

"He’s probably feeling high and mighty because of his promotion."

"I also hope he gets taught a proper lesson or he’s going to look down on the rest of us."

"Do you think Ethan can really take him down though?"

"I wouldn’t advise you to say that out loud. He claims he was under the effect of alcohol so the fight wasn’t his best."

"Whatever, it’s going to be a fun fight. I heard of that her earlier..."

He hadn’t noticed this before, but while listening to the discussion around him, Max realized his ears could hear whispers within the crowd with a range of probably eight meters.

"You came!"

Inside the ring, Ethan shouted upon sighting Max within the crowd.

Those who hadn’t noticed him before also craned their necks in a certain direction.

With all attention on him, Max kept on walking forward with six girls around him.

Though Brielle was about to have second thoughts on her decision to follow Max, she bore the attention in silence.

’Five SS Seniors, Brielle, you have nothing to worry about,’ she told herself.

"There’s no rule to fighting, just put on gloves to ease the damage done," Emma said in a low tone as they got closer to the ring.

Soon realizing that the six girls surrounding Max weren’t part of the crowd but influential beauties who he once used to hang out with—that including his ex-girlfriend—Ethan gritted his teeth in fury.

His eyes filled with suppressed anger over the past four weeks.

"Here, these are your gloves."

Just when they reached the ring, a familiar figure with gray hair walked forward.

’Gray?’

Max thought, remembering the youth’s name—not due to how simple it was to pronounce but how deep his impression of the youth was.

Smirking at the girls who simply dismissed him, Gray casually wore the gloves on Max’s hands.

That said, they weren’t boxing gloves but MMS fighter ones.

The conversation lessened within the crowd as Max got into the ring.

With thrill and expectation in their eyes, everyone watched.

"I’ll make you all bloodied up after this."

Without much fanfare like a loser would, Ethan posed in a combat-ready posture.

"Fight!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 180: - The Fight-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Fight!"

Fear? Anxiety?

Max felt none of either as he silently watched Ethan take a trained stance. His feet planted firmly with burning intent in his eyes.

The crowd quietened and watched with thrilled anticipation of what would happen next.

In their eyes, Max’s casual demeanor as he stood before Ethan was heavily berated in their thoughts.

’Arrogant.’

’Foolish.’

’An amateur.’ They thought, but only the expert among them could feel the wave of priceless confidence oozing off Max’s posture—absolute. Making them confused as they couldn’t pinpoint what exactly it was that made it seem so.

From a single glance, Ethan could strike Max down due to the obvious flaws in the way he stood.

Despite the fight having commenced, Ethan looked quite more cautious than the crowd expected.

And then, destroying the doubt in his heart, Ethan struck first with swiftness unexpected of his age.

He lunged, twisting his core as his fist sliced through the air in a textbook straight punch aimed for Max’s jaw. His years of training exposed by the precision of his fist.

’Here we go.’ Max thought.

He had thought to finish the fight in five seconds a moment ago. However, he suddenly remembered what Evelyn and the girls said of the serum. Then suddenly realized he would be exposing himself to something bigger than him if he did.

’A normal youth disposing of someone who had taken the serum so quickly without an alcohol effect would definitely arouse curiosity. From curiosity I may be addicted, my blood samples extracted and probably turned into a living experiment. And hopefully, I somehow escape, swearing vengeance.

Nope, I need none of that.’ Max concluded his thoughts before Ethan struck out his fist.

Such scenarios, after all, were a cliché.

Waiting till the last moment when the crowd had their mouths open, Max simply tilted his neck by an inch.

And then... the punch missed.

Max felt the wind brush past his cheek like a whisper and also caught Evelyn’s shocked face, even more so Alicia’s.

Ethan’s eyes widened, but he didn’t stop. He flowed into a spinning kick, pivoting on his heel, leg slicing toward Max’s ribs.

’Again... too slow.’

Everything appeared in slow-mo to Max, who might as well have reached the agility star of a superhuman.

Not skill but pure ability, Max stepped forward, inside the arc of the kick, his shoulders brushing Ethan’s chest as he invaded the space in between.

’I can barely control my strength so I just need to...’

Stationing his elbow in place, he let Ethan ram into him instead.

Crack!

Ethan stumbled. Caught off guard, he placed his hand on his chest, trying not to lose his balance.

An instant later, gasps rippled through the crowd. The area outside the ring froze in silence.

Like a master, Max exhaled with a relaxed posture, showcasing ease. Unlike the last time when he had been filled with rage, his eyes expressed nothing but silent calm.

Seeing this, Ethan burst with rage and clenched his teeth.

He rushed again, mixing high and low jabs in a flurry of motion.

Sure, he hoped that Max fell for his baits. However, the former saw through it all.

Max didn’t move till Ethan was in range. And when he did move, his hand was like a blade cutting through the air.

"Shit."

Someone in the crowd cursed out loud, and Ethan’s arms, in a flurry motion, froze.

Not by fear or pain, but because Max had stopped it.

Max lightly pressed his fingers against Ethan’s inner elbow joint.

Then with a twist, he pivoted his wrist.

"Argh!" Ethan shouted in pain as he was slammed to the floor, a loud thud silencing the crowd a moment later.

Silence...

The crowd tried to comprehend what had just happened, but they couldn’t. The most vivid images of Max flipping Ethan to the ground lingered in their minds.

As the culprit behind the silence, Max didn’t float or smirk at Ethan’s groaning figure. Instead, his eyes scanned the crowd for a moment and moved to get out of the ring.

However...

"Hold up, that was an easy win."

Attracting the attention of the dazed spectators, a studious-looking youth walked forward from the crowd with slow, deliberate steps.

Max stopped and turned to see the source of the voice just now.

A tall, lean youth, with his red blazer casually being handed to a youth beside him, walked towards the ring while folding the sleeves of his dress shirt.

Upon a closer look, Max found the youth to be Asian, and oddly familiar.

"It’s Kieran." The crowd whispered with a sense of being intimidated in their tone.

’Huh?’

Max kept his gaze on the former.

"Kieran, you’ll be going against the rules if you step in now."

Attracting the attention of the crowd, Gray—who had been watching Max fight—stood to block Kieran’s path, unfazed.

"Gray stepped up?"

A hushed whisper quickly circulated through the crowd as the atmosphere became filled with more anticipation.

"As you all know, any guy I see buzzing around my sister has formed a verified grudge with me," Kieran said coldly.

’Sister?’

At these words, Max promptly tilted his head toward an already embarrassed figure.

’Are they twins?’

Behold, clenching her fist in embarrassment, Alicia’s cheeks flushed with a purple tint.

"Stop it, Kieran. He’s Evelyn’s brother and there’s nothing going on between us."

Alicia said, with a cold killing glare directed at her brother—twin brother.

Beside her, Evelyn and Co’s expressions had already turned solemn too.

"I don’t care, Alicia. That doesn’t give him the right to fly with your little gang." That said, Kieran turned his attention to Max.

"I’m sure you wouldn’t mind either," he said.

Max silently observed the crowd, and nodded.

"True," Max said.

Hearing this, a wide grin instantly spread over Kieran’s face.

Apparently, Max didn’t know much about him.

"You see?" he smirked at Alicia, who hatefully glared at him.

She could have asked Max to reject him, however, after Evelyn whispered something into her ear, she decided to watch.

’My brother looks confident, I don’t think we should worry.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 181: -Free Hugs-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Finished uncuffing his sleeves, Kael proudly got inside the ring.

The spectators bustled with whispers about Max’s defeat.

Clenching his right arm, Ethan stared dazedly at Max’s figure, forgotten by the crowd since he had let down their expectations.

"His reaction speed... he’s a monster," Ethan whispered, unheard by anyone because of the noise. His anger and misgivings towards Max instantly dissipated.

With no choice, he turned and walked away.

Inside the ring—

Bathing in the attention and praise, Kael signaled with his fist for the spectating Elites to quiet down. Then he pointed a finger at Max, a cocky smirk taking place on his face.

"Since you’re so straight and given... I’ll give you a chance."

Surprised exclamations erupted within the crowd. Everyone couldn’t believe it and tried to.

Because there had never been a precedent of Kael giving someone a chance. Instead, he would bloody their lips before doing so—just to show how brutal and skilled he was in martial arts despite his arrogant personality.

"Okay."

In response, Max remained unfazed, his expression neutral and causing the Elites to doubt if he was okay in the head.

Even Kael looked taken aback but managed to recover a split second later.

"If you somehow manage to dodge a punch from me, you win and I won’t pursue this matter any further. And in case I got you, I’ll do the pleasure of beating you up before the crowd... Newbie." He added, flaunting his arms with a smirk as cheers erupted.

’Well... He doesn’t look exactly like a bad guy. More of a jerk who loves attention... Still the same.

Since you’re so generous, embarrassing you here would raise question marks about my strength and skill. I’ll let this one go—for yours and my sister’s sake.’

The spectating Elites fumbled in silence while watching Max, who was lost in thought.

"...Sure."

Holding back a smile, Max replied.

"Hahaha, I see. Get ready."

Switching to a stance the next moment, Kael wiped off his smirk and acted like a predator.

Before the crowd could gasp at his martial arts skills, he struck.

His fist shot forward, fast enough to ripple through the air with the intention to punch Max to his knees while clutching his stomach.

However, the spectating Elites witnessed something amazing.

The punch hit nothing but the empty space where Max once stood.

They all took a cold, deep breath.

Even Kael looked speechlessly stunned, not expecting such.

Strike back with a kick, punch, guard, twist—a list of conventional movements—yet Max merely took a step back.

A prompt step backward that escaped the range of Kael’s fist.

Seeing Kael in surprise, yet to take down his hand—

"That counts?" Max spoke shortly while the corner of Kael’s mouth twitched.

"My bad, why not?"

Kael withdrew his fist and smiled to cover his embarrassment.

"He really did it?!"

"Yes!"

"Wow! That was insane. I don’t think I would have been able to react to that, talk less of retracting to dodge."

"Don’t tell me..."

...

Everyone became surprised, especially Evelyn, who had half-heartedly convinced her friends not to worry.

"Lyn, can you tell us why again we didn’t know you had a brother?"

From her side, Emma asked slowly, unable to take her eyes—like the rest of the girls—off Max getting out of the ring.

In the crowd, there was also a little gathering of six people who were yet to recover.

"We’ll never catch up to him," one of them said.

...

"That was awesome, bro."

Walking towards Evelyn and her friends, the former rushed him into a hug when he felt her two softies pressed against him.

To his surprise, Viv flashed him a smile and pulled him into a quick hug before pulling away.

"You did well," she whispered.

Stunned by the feel of her B cups and her distinct fragrance, Max was left hooked for a split noticeable second and was about to nod a thanks when Emma followed.

"I might not have known you much, but I definitely don’t want to miss out on this."

Hugging him, she rubbed his back and Max had to reciprocate by politely holding onto her waist like a gentle smile would.

Several jealous gazes fell on him but he paid no attention.

Most unexpected...

Iris pushed back her long white hair and side-hugged him just to place a peck on his cheek to annoy the other two.

Sure, people were watching, and they seemed not to mind.

Alicia was the last. Her cold facade had long since melted due to embarrassment and the hypertension of thinking her twin brother would beat Max to a pulp.

However, things turned out like she hoped and now she didn’t know how to feel towards Max.

Seeing her contemplate, Max spoke first.

"It’s okay..." He said nothing more, but Alicia quickly looked relieved.

...

About to leave the Training Hall, Kael—based on intuition—turned back to see Alicia lightly hugging Max.

’You’re a strange one, but I’ll crack you open soon.’ He turned and walked away.

As for the fact that Max was hugging his twin, he didn’t give it much thought since it was her idea for him to scare the boys off and give her space.

...

’She’s got the best air around her.’

With a casual whiff of Alicia’s hair as they hugged, Max completed his assessment.

’I’m pretty sure I can buy them the most fitting bra size.’

Concluding his thoughts while ignoring the jealous gazes, a hot brunette lady in a curve-hugging one-piece dress walked towards them.

Under the desire-filled eyes of the males, she stood before Max despite the hidden hostility from the girls around him.

"Max? The Provost needs to see you."

H h h h hH h h h hH h h h hH h h h hH h h h hH h h h hH h h h hH h h h hH h h h hH h h h hH h h h hH h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 182: - Sloane-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Max? The Provost needs to see you."

The lady said.

Amongst the departing Elites, those close by quickly turned their heads toward the lady.

’Provost?’ Max thought.

To his side, the look on Evelyn’s face became that of respect.

Without any other words, she scanned Max from head to toe, then turned and began to walk away.

"Go." Evelyn whispered, lightly nudging his shoulders.

’Okay.’

Silently following four steps behind her, Max’s eyes briefly fell on the movement of her backside before he took them away.

’Taut and perky.’ he commented. Whilst she kept on walking like she hadn’t noticed it.

They exchanged no words but withstood the curious eyes of the passing Elites before they left the Training Hall.

However, just when Max was about to numb his ears to the clicks of her heels to contemplate on where they were heading to. The lady took a quick turn to face the wall and stopped.

’Huh?’

Max subtly raised his brows but watched why she did next.

The Lady gently placed her hand on the wall as a pinpoint dot lit up one after another to form a circle with her palm at the centre.

That wasn’t all, a split second later.

Click!

There was a quiet click followed by a low hum, then an ai voice came from the wall.

"Identity confirmed."

It said,

To the not surprised eyes of the Elites passing by the wall parted into two sections. Revealing an Elevator door that also split open.

A glint flashed past Max’s pupils as he saw this.

’They’ve delvelled into so many advanced technologies yet to be available to even the wealthiest families.’ he thought.

Remaining silent, the Lady walked into the Elevator and he followed after.

The door smoothly slid close, hiding them from the attention into a vacuum of silence.

Taking half a step forward, the lady pressed the only button in sight.

To Max’s surprise, however, he felt nothing. There was no feel of the elevator moving.

’Her posture does seem like we are on the move. Is this another advance stuff?-’

Max thought. Only to be struck by a sudden idea.

’System.’ he willed and the holographic screen popped mid air.

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan High...] skipping through the long list, Max eyes settled on-

[Nexus Shop]

Willing on the option, the screen changed once more.

Max gave the common section one glance and willed for the Rare screen.

The screen turned green.

Without much thought his eyes skipped various items and until it settled on what he wanted.

[Aphro Perf: In the form of an impressive body scent.

Creates a soft,

subtle arousing air around the user.

Duration: 12 Hours

1 Vial- 50 Nexus Points.]

Suppressing the urge to wince at the price. Max bought it without blinking.

’Use 1 drop of Aphro Perf.’

Max thought, focusing on the vial on the screen with prompt attention.

[Aphro Perf: 9/10 Drops Left.]

The next moment a more active scent that countered the lady’s filled the air.

Almost unnoticeable, the Lady nudged her shoulders slightly.

...

Earlier...

In the quiet, glass-shadowed interior of a futuristic building with soft jazz playing in the background.

"Sloane?"

A sultry woman’s voice filled with authority sounded just a note above the playing music.

A moment later, the gentle clicks from two pairs of heels echoed across the black marble floor.

Arriving before the desk which had a very distinguished beautiful woman that commanded attention sitting behind it as she observed the screen of her Tablet while nodding her head in acknowledgement.

Sloane said no word but silently stood.

"Put on some clothes and go fetch me Maximus Rider."

The woman behind the desk said, not caring to raise her head at the stimulating sight before her.

Showing no expression on her face,Sloane silently nodded and gave a glance at her nude body before turning away.

...

The Training Hall, as one of Elite Base’s major facilities, was made to accumulate double the total number of Elites. In built sport, gym structures included.

Watching the dismissing Elites through several hallways, it barely took two seconds to locate her targets.

A male youth with short mullet cut being hugged by six beauties. Such a sight couldn’t be missed.

’Maximus Rider.’ She thought.

Walking forward, it didn’t take long for the Elites to notice her.

She arrived before the joyous group.

"Max, the Provost needs to see you."

Perhaps it was only sensible words she said through the past six hours.

The youth Max observed her silently, only when the girl next to him signaled it was alright that he nodded.

’What a cautious kid.’ she thought.

That said, she turned and began walking forward ignoring the lustful gazes and attention.

They kept walking. Surprisingly the youth did ask where they were going but kept following behind.

She thought he was going to stick to the movement of her ass but didn’t feel his gaze halfway. And when he did meet her expectations by observing her ass, the feeling vanished like it was never there.

Like many others, she concluded that the youth was probably gay.

Entering the new gen elevator, he followed and they both stood inside in silence, unable to feel the movement.

The Elevator was tranquil but she suddenly inhaled his body scent which rocked her core and made her almost lose her balance.

"Excuse me, you’ve got something stuck in your hair."

"... Please I need help down here."

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 183: -Elevator-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Use 1 Lune Drop’

[Skin contact with target required.]

’Makes sense.’

Observing her brunette hair, Max had an idea.

"Excuse me- you’ve got something struck in your hair."

Stepping to her side, he gently swiped her hair before she could react and made skin contact with her neck.

Taken aback by Max’s abrupt, unexpected action. Sloane was about to give the daring youth a deep glare.

However-

"Ahhh-." The moment she tried to tilt her head, a soft quavering moan escaped her lips.

Her whole body was overridden by the spike of pleasure following Max’s touch that her legs gave in.

Fortunately Max reacted in time and caught her by the waist.

"Are you okay?"

With a voice that lacked pretense, Max got her other arms and placed it across his shoulders.

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

However, instead of calming down she moaned out loud even more.

’Shit.’

Realizing what was happening, Max let go of her arm.

And like he expected she stopped inhaling and exhaled the pent up pleasure.

It had only been an intrusive thought to activate his second ability [Fantasy Hands] at the same time he applied the [Lune Drop] without expecting what would happen next.

"Are you okay?" Max asked once more.

"Huh? Hmmm– I think so."

She blinked a few times, doubt visible in her eyes before being replaced by embarrassment.

’To I think I moaned from a single touch, from a teenage youth?’

Sloane’s cheeks flared with a red tint. Shame in her heart, she couldn’t resist the urge to glance at Max’s eyes.

However, to her surprise his eyes were filled with the same calmness as to when she found him with the girls earlier. As if hinting that he’s got everything under control.

’He looks very handsome.’ Realizing this up close, Max’s sudden movement broke her thoughts.

"Okay." He spoke, acknowledging her words as his arm loosened around her waist.

Watching him take a step back, Sloane realised how awkward she acted and quickly turned her head away by pretending to adjust her dress.

5, 7, 10 seconds passed and the awkward tension in the air rose by an unimaginable margin.

Knowing fully well what he had done, Max merely waited.

Before him, Sloane was going through a silent pleasurable torture.

Not only did she feel more horny each passing second, her thoughts were turning more deranged. And in any fantasy she imagined, she envisioned the youth behind her despite just meeting him.

Unable to bear the silence any longer she spoke up.

"Do you know... In order to get this noiseless sound proofed comfort, the Elevator is three times slower than what it should be?"

Holding the silence, Max took his time and curtly responded.

"... No."

"I see."

The elevator resumed into silence but the air got even more heated.

Whilst, Max gave a silent nod and observed the interior.

It had a pure silver wall and one single chrome button that glowed faint blue. And a strip of light that ran along the ceiling.

"Humm... Do you want to touch me?"

Her voice filled with doubt, the lady said slightly nudging her shoulders.

"... What do you mean?"

Max took his moment, not outright jumping on the offer as to leave a good memory track if all this was over.

Unexpectedly, Sloane exhaled and turned to face him unable to contain the lust in her heart.

"Do you want to touch me? You know, feel my body?"

Though she tried to hide it with a casual tone, Max read her body language which said otherwise.

’It must be very moist down there.’

To think he could easily subdue the cold nonchalant lady he met barely ten minutes ago into asking him to feel her out, Max felt his whole swell with a pompous feeling of power.

’Easy.’

Restraining his emotions, Max realized it would be more convincing if he acted less confident than he usually was.

"I’m not sure..."

There was a vivid change on her face when he halted his sentence.

"Your hands?"

The seething lust in her eyes glinted upon hearing him say this.

"Here."

In order to tame her lust she couldn’t rush things with the youth and agreed with his physical touch while mentally progressing with a plan in her head.

"Hmmmm-" she exhaled with satisfaction the moment he grabbed her hand.

However, knowing he already deactivated his [Fantasy Hands], Max furrowed his brows and questioned her sanity.

"Hmmmm-" she deeply inhaled and opened her eyes to see his raised brows.

"My skin becomes sensitive the hornier I get." Rushing to say these words, her face flushed.

"Okay."

His doubt cleared, Max nodded and kept holding her hand without making any move.

"Thank you." She said, secretly gritting her teeth to ease the feel of moisture trailing down her thighs.

’Damn it.’

"Do you want to feel my boobs?" Her voice sounded like a whisper, hoarse and carnal with a deep breath taken in between.

This time she stared pleadingly at his face.

’In any case, I can’t act like I am eager for this. Drugs walk in mysterious ways. Her sober self might later want to piece the clue.’

So instead of saying yes,

"Do you want me to feel them?"

Max asked her the same question.

Taken aback by Max’s question, she realized he was being cautious and bit her lips.

"Yes, I do ."

With that being said she quickly directed Max’s hand to cup her boobs.

"Ahhhhh." Letting out a moan afterwards.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 184: Elevator -2**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

His hands cupped her boobs, feeling the soft plumpness hindered by the seamless bra she wore underneath.

Fortunately that didn’t stop Sloane from moaning explicitly.

"Mmmmm-" she shuddered in bliss, squirming at the same rhythm he groped her boobs.

"Yessssss." she said with a drawn ecstatic breath.

There was a delightful hiss, followed by an erotic moan.

Sloane couldn’t be more turned on and hornier with every passing seconds.

That said Max just played along with what she wanted him to do.

"Put it here."

First she placed his hand on her chest and squeezed her oranges with it.

She did the same things to both of his hands and closed her eyes in bliss as she felt his slow vibrant massage.

It went on for about thirty seconds before she became unsatisfied with just that.

"Hmmm–" she moaned.

Opening her eyes to see Max lustfully staring at her breasts, she couldn’t take it any longer.

Clearly Max seemed to do what she wanted him to do without going farther than that.

To make the pleasure more pleasurable and satisfying the Taboo sex she desires for she needs to let go.

Biting her lips, she used a second to gain her breath

"Do what you want. Grope, kiss me, grab my ass... As if I’m yours." She hastily spoke, heaving when she completed her statement.

A little taken aback by her sudden outburst. Max observed her closed eyes, her helpless expression as she succumbed to the burning lust within her.

"Okay."

He responded courtly.

"Hmmmmmm!"

The next moment a high pitched moan sounded inside the elevator.

Max no longer held back, the seething rod his pants had been trying to break free for a while now.

"Yesss!"

To begin, Max pressed her to the elevator wall by wrapping his hand around her neck while pressing her throat with his thumb to create a sense of suffocation within her.

She choked on first contact, causing her eyes to widen in shock.

However, the moment she felt Max’s palm between her thighs raising up her dress she understood but didn’t relax.

She tried to struggle but Max didn’t budge.

His breath roamed her neck causing her to squirm while letting out soft moans before buying her earlobe.

"Ahhhhh!"

Her whole body jerked to this act and her resistance lessened.

Max took his time to graze her neck.

Each moment she suffocated but unable to resist the pleasure from it.

Halfway parting her thighs to raise her dress, Max stopped and switched to unbuckle with one hand.

A click, unzip and push.

Max had his palm weighing his fully erect champion the next month.

They were both standing so he pushed his cock between her thighs to gain a temporary rest while his hand kept on working on the dress.

’Huh? What’s this?’

Sloane was deep inside an ocean of ecstasy being fulfilled when she felt something hot and seething with so much vibrant energy that her core shuddered from its presence alone.

Its nine inch robust frame settled between her thighs.

Somehow, she couldn’t resist blurting the dirty nasty thought that sprung up in her mind.

"Fuck! Is that your cock?"

’Surely isn’t worthy of being called a dick.’

Already grabbing a feel of her soft proportioned back asset, Max stopped for a split second before resuming what he was doing.

"Yes." He simply said.

"Ahhhhh!" The next moment she let out a sharp delightful gasp.

Having raised her one piece body hugging dress to her waist, Max found out she surprisingly had no panties on. So he inserted one finger between her dripping folds.

lost in a hazy fog of pleasure, Sloane felt an electric shock the moment Max’s finger slipped in.

."Hmmmmmm" her moan turned hoarse and her body squirmed, trembling in bliss.

There were other sorts of physical displays she tried to exhibit, however, Max managed to restrain her.

’Ain’t done yet.’

He thought silently as he continued fingering.

Sure enough, deprived of the main deal which was so close her inside turned even more moist and dripped.

"Ahhhhhh!" She moaned, unable to take it any longer after repeatedly failing to reach for his cock.

"Please fuck me."

Sounding deep and sincere from the very depth of her soul her voice cracked from pleasure at the end.

"Hmmm–." Max nodded.

He quickly pulled up her dress up to her chest revealing both of her small molds but amazingly thick straight nipples.

"Hmmmm- ahhhh–." She tried to restrain her moan but it failed. Max expertise when it comes to triggering the pleasure within nipples never fails.

He rolled one point between his thumbs while giving the other a great moment.

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

Sloane gasped.

He sucked for a minute, stopping when the skin around her nipples turned slightly red.

There was no delaying it any longer. Slaone looked disheveled to Max’s thirst. Her cold distant temperament vanquished.

Finally he took a step back to admire her body.

Her belly perfectly toned, hairless pussy view and her pointed nipples.

Spreading her thighs, Max lifted her with her back resting on the wall.

She locked eyes with him in a heated passion as he held her up with one hand while slowly directing his pulsating monster towards her pinkish clits

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!"

Despite Sloane’s fear of being able to contain him his member slid in. Dominantly expanding her nether regions.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 185: -Elevator- ³**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With little force, the throbbing head of Max’s cock slowly slipped between both folds. Expanding the hole inch by inch until it was able to fit halfway.

In response, Sloane flung her head backward. Hitting nothing but the elevator steel wall with a full thud.

Yet the pain didn’t diminish the pleasure.

Her lungs screamed and her body short circuited, leaving her momentarily numb.

Just so to describe the feeling of Max’s entrenched cock between her inner walls.

"Argh!"

Max grunted, swallowing a thick groan.

Not was she tight for him to fit, her slippery wetness lubricating him generated a more special feeling.

"Ahhhh–" her moans rang softly. Just as Max pinned both of her thighs to the wall with her legs far from the ground. Slowly thrusting into her halfway, she helplessly placed her hands over his shoulder.

"Ahhh- yessss- Hmmmm-."

Resisting the urge to feel his full cock inside her already. Max listened to her moans and kept up with it.

Fortunately a minute passed and she wanted him to increase the pace faster.

"Please can you go faster-" she pleaded, taking a pause.

Evidently the most crucial effect from the Luna Drop had worn off. Meaning that somewhere inside her eyes she must have gained partial awareness of what’s happening and chose to go on.

"-ahhhh!" She barely completed her sentence when Max’s thrust threw her into a higher pitch.

"Hmmmmmmmm- hmmmm- yessss-."

She moaned like it was a melody.

There were barely strangers so no words were needed between them.

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!

"Ahhhh–! Ahhh-! Ahhh-!"

Very soon the distinct sound of sultry claps could be heard inside the elevator alongside the moans. His balls were slapping hard.

"Ahhhhhhhh!" Sloane moaned one last time, her legs’ visibly trembling.

The next thing Max felt were waves of her fluid drowning his lone member.

"-yessss!"

A few seconds passed and she was done letting off her steam.

With those loads of emotions released her rationality came back.

"Ahh!" She gasped from Max’s nonstop thrust. Holding on to shoulders with gritted teeth trying to lower her moan.

Max also noticed this but simply kept thrusting.

Two minutes passed and Max showed no signs of exploding anytime soon.

That said he never fully inserted his whole cock inside her.

"Ahhh- sorry, ahhhh–, we have to end this quickly, ahhh-, the Provost is waiting." She said between moans.

"-Can I just jerk you so you can quickly spill it- ahhh-."

She further added, clearly expressing that she wanted them to head over to the Provost office as quickly as possible.

Realizing this, Max growled in instant disgust.

He then spoke for the first time since he started thrusting into her.

"Do you want me to stop?" He paused his thrust and met her gaze she wanted to avoid.

"Mmmm." She nodded in response as to which Max began to pull out without any delay.

He slipped the slimy half of his cock that had been inside her, letting go of her legs she failed to control and helplessly fell down.

"Ahhh-." She yelped from the pain. Whilst Max buckled his pants in silence. Clearly her selfish attitude had him provoked. All because he probably looked nice.

Sure an instant blackmail of what they did could restrain her and let him continue but Max didn’t feel the need to.

He stood there while watching her struggle to stand.

Also understanding what she had done, the lady could only hiss from the pain.

Two minutes passed until she finally stood, albeit an awkward stance.

If anything, the elevator had inbuilt AC. There was no visible patch of sweat on their clothes.

"Follow me."

Finally done adjusting her dress to look less disheveled, she tried to compose herself forming the same temperament from earlier.

’Quite the thick skin.’

She pressed the only button in sight and the elevator doors let out a soft puff as they slid open.

Beyond the threshold lay a polished, quiet reception area—clean. Spacious, and corporate.

White panels, soft-gray carpeting, and a circular desk centered beneath a subtle skylight with an empty seat behind the desk.

’So she’s the receptionist?’

Reading the room, Max thought.

At the far end of the office stood a large, matte-black door.

"The Provost is waiting,"

Without pausing, the lady tried to strode forward only to lean on her right leg the next instant.

A soft pained hiss escaped her lips. Her face turned red green in embarrassment but she dared not turn to glance back at Max who was the culprit.

Seeing this, Max showed no reaction. Just silently watching as she walked, hanging on one foot.

He had his one problem which was to let his bulge become less outlined through his pants.

Eventually they arrived before the door.

The lady took a step to the side, avoiding eye contact,-

"The Provost is inside."

Click!

Max pushed the door open and was welcomed by a wave of jasmine fragrance. Only to be left speechless by the stunning grace of the office.

Or was it?

What was supposed to be an office,was vast—high-ceilinged and minimal in clutter, yet layered in elegance and indulgence.

On one side sat a sweeping bed large enough for ten, veiled in a sheer satin canopy that shimmered faintly under soft lighting. The sheets were ivory, with intricate red stitching at the edges.

And that wasn’t the major of them all.

’So this is where she does it?’ Max couldn’t believe it.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 186: - The Provost Proposal -*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

An office coupled with a grandiose bedroom. From the way it seemed, she lived here.

Halfway taking the details, Max’s eyes switched to the bewitching lady seated behind the only desk in the room.

A curvy, busty figure poured into a white tailored corporate dress that clung to her like a second skin. The neckline dipped just enough to make one imagine how soft those milkers were.

The centre beneath the desk was customized to be open- ,so the slit along her thighs was daringly visible.

’Such thick thighs.’

If Max was somehow the nervous shy type then he would definitely swallow his saliva and quickly try to look away.

’A woman who dresses such wants to be seen as such. And she also reminds me of Aunt Raven, prominent milf but less intimidating and much bewitching.

Aunt Raven is bold and uncaring of what others think, but this is a scheming Queen.’

Summing up the difference between his Aunt and the woman before him, Max watched her type your into the desktop.

’The bastard definitely never slept with her.’

Trying to imagine the fatty principal handling such a woman didn’t feel okay, even if considering that they were couples.

Just as Max’s thoughts wondered, the Provost finally raised her head, pushing the screen away. Her eyes seized every physical detail it could about Max’s appearance.

Ranging from his posture, demeanour, height, handsomeness and... the irregular bulge in his pants.

For a split second, her eyes flashed with a disgusted glint.

But quickly hiding her displeasure though, she composed a casual formal smile.

"Maximus Rider, sit."

She extended her hand to the seat.

"Mmmm" giving a low response, Max took his seat, feigning ignorance to her subtle expression.

"Okay." She took a quick breath and picked up a prepared paper on her desk. Giving it a scan before holding it towards him.

"Take this." She said,

"It’s a list for you to choose what to study from now hence forth. As per regulation, due to becoming an Elite you’re exempted from College Education." letting him digest the influx of information as she stood up.

Realizing the paper was a list of courses already listed by Emma, Max skipped everything. Then raised his head to see the provost’s glorious back view.

She had her back slightly lowered, turning on a coffee machine on the inbuilt one side counter he hadn’t noticed.

Not only was her ass round and a mass of shaky flesh pressed within her dress, her body shape was also perfectly proportioned like that of a celebrity model.

But sadly...

’She’s a Lesbian.’ Max no longer held back this thought. The sight before was too provocating to not covet a feel.

Just then, the Provost turned to him with two coffee cups in her hands, displaying a smile to feign she hadn’t felt his hovering gaze. Even more so hiding her disgust. Which she thought she hid perfectly.

’A coffee for me? Something must be up.’

Seeing his raised brows, the Provost didn’t seem to want to hide the reason behind her gesture.

Holding one cup to him, she sipped the other gracefully while standing.

"Although there are many courses listed there, I guess you’ve already chosen to take on Combat." Saying this, she gently placed down her coffee and sat down.

Whilst Max muttered no audible response but nodded. Following her her gaze which was pinned on him.

Obviously she wanted to discuss something serious.

"Although I am curious as to why you stayed under rader for the past year. I’ll skip.

I want to propose a deal to you."

Directing the conversation, she slowed down the pace as it wanting him to catch up on what she meant.

"Mmmm, what’s the deal?" Max asked, his neutral expression somehow making the Provost doubt if he was still a boy.

To think he didn’t try to subconsciously dissolve her gaze or appeared quite pumped by her revealing cleavage. The Provost entered deep thought.

’Is he the true Heir of the Riders?’

Composing herself a split second later with a subtle smile, she continued.

"You have a superb reaction speed and calm when analysing critical situations. I watched your fight with Kael and it was more than impressive. In short, you’re a genuis and I want to recruit you into the Elite Space Force when you’re done with your third year..."

Finished, she revealed a vague smile as if to be hinting at something.

"Huh? What’s in for me?"

Suspiciously, raising his brows, Max wondered what she was trying to do.

However, the Provost smiled even more.

"Sloane."

She called. Turning the screen of her desktop to face him.

To zero surprise, Max saw the video recording of him with a lady’s thighs in his arms as he pounded her to the elevator walls.

A moment later.

Click!

There was a soft click in the air and the door slowly opened to reveal the lady from earlier.

Her face flushed in embarrassment as she walked in nude. From head to toe.

Click click click!

Standing on six inch heels, Sloane went to stand beside the Provost

Shocked, Max’s pupils contracted slightly in surprise and the receding bulge in his pants quickly rose to fow a tent in his pants.

Smirking at his expression, the Provost smiled at her coffee.

"She didn’t satisfy you? You can fuck her all you want now as long as you sign this contract. An agreement to join the Elite Space Force."

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 187: - Provost Office -(1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"She didn’t satisfy you? You can fuck her all you want now as long as you sign this contract. An agreement to join the Elite Space Force."

The Provost’s look turned to that of interest, observing Max’s expression.

’Huh?’

There was a sudden pause in the atmosphere after that.

Having heard this, Max could only raise his stunned brows, glancing between the paper before him and the nude lady behind the Provost. Suddenly, his gaze settled on the Provost, turning cold upon contact.

To say he was speechless was an understatement.

"...Is that it?"

The look in his eyes turned skeptical as he spoke.

Not surprised, the Provost rested her back, her red lips curling into a distinct smile.

"Okay, I see I was wrong on my first guess. But it doesn’t matter what I say to begin with.

What does your family request, the Riders?"

’Family?’

Max’s outburst was quickly tamed upon hearing the last word.

From the way she said it, he guessed what was going on.

’That explains all the attention she got from the Matriarch.’

Thinking about how the Matriarch kept Evelyn close to her side, a clearer picture formed in his mind.

’There’s a hidden competition between the Elite families across the globe to produce SSS Ranked Students. Though the ranking system differs in every school, the goal probably remains the same—to reach the top of what a student can, thereby gaining a seat in a space force that would be heading to Mars based on speciality.’

’In my case, I’ll definitely become an SSS Elite soon, so the Provost wants to secure me before then. And my family, on the other hand, has no clue about my sudden skip in rank, thereby unable to prepare me for this moment.’

Watching Max’s thoughtful eyes, the Provost became curious about Max’s personality.

In the time she sent Sloane to call Max, she pulled up information regarding Max ever since he got into the school.

Having sharp wits, she deduced a lot of information from what no one else could.

Starting from the first time he went to the cafeteria. Apparently, his quick rise to fame had begun from that moment. And everything after seemed like a calculated move.

Judging from other incidents such as the Gridiron match she planned—the player no one knew about who stood against S Elites who had taken the Serum.

The dots connected perfectly.

To think a youth could display such intellectual capability.

’So Evelyn has been nothing but a decoy for him. Absorbing the attention while he grew.

Though a lot of things don’t fit as to his sudden rank skip, I have no power regarding that.’

These had been her thoughts in those moments while she watched the scene inside the elevator.

"Forward Evelyn Rider’s progression, make her an SSS Elite, and you can discuss what my family wants with her." Max said, and the Provost froze upon hearing this.

Silence...

Behind the Provost, nude Sloane appeared to be the most surprised, temporarily losing her shame.

"Such impudence."

After taking a moment to find her words, the Provost’s curious eyes appeared to be filled with disdain and unconcealed disgust.

’To think I had such a high opinion of him.’

"Perhaps you’re mistaking your value for something else."

With a smooth voice, the Provost spoke, turning the desktop to face her while moving the mouse.

Apparently, she was dismissing Max, thinking he was senselessly arrogant about his worth.

However, having expected her reaction to be worse than that, Max stood up.

"Come, aren’t you here for me to fuck you?"

His eyes skipped the Provost, settling on the lady behind who stood naked in heels.

’???’

About to open a new tab, the Provost stopped hearing Max’s words.

Behind her, Sloane couldn’t be more ashamed, and her face flushed with anger.

"You little bastar–"

"Shhh!"

Before she could complete her statement, Max placed his finger on his lips, making a hush gesture that intimidated her.

"Little?"

After a brief silence, under the Provost’s sudden look of interest, Max smirked.

’Was it? When I thrusted into your hole and you only helplessly moaned in my hands?’

Her face instantly flushed with a green-purple hue to express her shame.

Clearly, his bulge had created a tent in his pants, and so both ladies could see how big of a monster it was.

Sensing the Provost’s disgust once more, Max resumed to focus his gaze on her.

"Right, sorry for bursting all out of the blue. I have a better offer."

Seeing him smirk, the Provost went from disgust to seriously curious.

"I know you like girls..."

Halfway through his statement, a vacuum of silence filled the air.

Curiosity vanished from the Provost’s face, and Sloane froze through her gritted teeth.

"And I know you’ve disvirgined a lot of young girls that attend this school, Mrs. Mia."

Max’s tone dripped with villainous erk, amused by the look on the Provost’s face.

However, being an experienced woman with power, the Provost composed herself the next moment.

"Unexpectedly, you’re not only impudent, but presumptuous."

The Provost’s voice sounded amused, but the threat underneath it was unconcealed.

Max smiled coldly, his expression a far contrast to his usual neutral look that withheld no emotion.

"Your little fun hobby."

Undaunted by the Provost’s tone, he added:

"And what proof do you have, Mr. Rider?"

Directly addressing him by his surname, the Provost dangerously squinted her eyes.

"I can’t exactly say, but it’s enough to set the internet ablaze and put you in lower-class jail. I don’t think I need to say more, right?"

"Okay, we have a deal?"

The Provost asked in defeat.

"No, I changed my mind."

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 188: -Provost Office -(2)*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In response to Max’s words, the Provost slightly raised one of her brows and drew her shoulders back to take in Max’s physical details from a farther angle.

’Has he gone insane?’

Finding no abnormalities, she kept quiet for about three seconds.

"...Changed your mind?"

Seemingly confused by this, she urged him to go on.

At which Max’s smile became more villainous.

"Yes." Max responded and further continued.

"...Let’s start all over. Instead of her, I want you."

He pointed at the nude lady, then glanced back at the Provost’s flushed cheeks—not of shyness but humiliation and suppressed fury.

"Surely you jest, Mr. Rider?"

Barely restraining her emotions at this point, the Provost took deep breaths several times, the glint in her eyes dangerously focused on him.

"No, I don’t."

Max smiled, simply dismissing the threatening glints in her eyes.

Seeing this, the Provost appeared stumped and too lost for words to reply.

Behind the Provost, Sloane’s heart shook slightly as fear of Max crept into her heart.

Never had she seen someone of the opposite gender make the Provost look this way.

And if he threatened, the Provost could fire her, then silence her in secret because she knew too much.

The reality that Max could have such influence over her life in barely thirty minutes shook her to the core, and she almost stumbled back in fear.

"What’s your choice?"

Holding the coffee to his lips as he took a sip, Max revealed his impatience.

"I refuse—"

"Don’t worry, I’ll give you time to think of your circumstances and embrace the thought."

Halfway through her statement, Max quickly cut her off as he realized something.

’I’ve pushed her too much in such a short time. And it’s said even dogs bite back when pushed with no other option.’

Adding to the fact that the Provost was a powerful woman who could have possibly killed—or hired someone to do the job for her.

Even if she was scheming, she could lose that rational part of her and choose the easier method to end the whole issue—killing him, that is.

Of course, she wouldn’t be able to hide it even if she wanted to, but no matter how long she’d be imprisoned, she would be alive, and he would be dead.

’All this under the hypothesis that she may have a Glock in her drawer or even so, close enough to get me before I reach the door.’ Excluding the thought of using his superhuman agility in such circumstances, Max decided to play it safe.

Though he knew little about psychological warfare, he realized that the resolve she was grinding in silence would be shattered if he offered her a way out.

And just like Max speculated, the resolute look in the Provost’s eyes vanished, replaced by surprise.

"Why the sudden change of mind?"

Quickly reforming her thoughts, the Provost maintained eye contact as she spoke.

"Well... You’re far more pretty being rational. Your lipstick was almost ruined too."

A contrasting tone from his villainous arrogance a few moments ago, Max smiled in earnest like he was complimenting his beautiful neighbor.

Stunned. There was a little crack in the Provost’s expression as she continued to observe him.

"Impudent," she said, with a cold frown.

"I know."

’Now she’s probably concluded that I’m a psycho.’

Returning a smirk, Max’s face turned cold as he spoke again.

"Think of it as our little secret for the time being while also noting that I am not stupid in any way."

The Provost listened and didn’t respond, knowing what he meant by the last part.

’Such a dangerous boy.’

"That said, I think I’ll act upon your first offer."

"Huh?"

Just when she thought that was the end of their discussion, Max’s hinting tone made her trace the direction of his eyes to her nude PA.

Realizing what Max meant, Sloane bit her lips to ease her embarrassment.

"You can have her." The Provost’s tone was cold as she said this, clearly having no qualms.

"Hmm." Max nodded and stood up.

"Come over here."

With a commanding tone and eyes that lacked pity, Max gestured for the nude lady to walk toward him while he unhurriedly pushed away the seat.

Click click click.

Her chest slightly moved as she walked toward him. On heels, she was a head above him up close. However, Max showed no inferiority, raising his eyes to observe her flushed face.

’What a bitch. She doesn’t look unwilling in the slightest.’

"What’s your name?"

Max demanded with authority, causing the lady’s neck to flush with a deep pink hue.

"S... Sloane."

Shaken by his cold tone, she almost stuttered but managed to save herself from the memory of it.

"Hmm." A cold nod.

"Unbutton my shirt and belt."

Gazing up at her eyes, he commanded.

Sitting at a desk, the Provost appeared momentarily captivated and watched with cold interest, showing no sign that she would leave her office for the two of them.

Softly biting her lips, Sloane raised her hands to quietly unbutton Max’s shirt.

For the next minute, the office was filled with the silent shuffling of fabric until there was a distinct click.

Max was now topless, his refined muscles exposed while a hand continued to unbuckle his belt.

Seconds ticked, and he took his belt from her hands, coiling it as he placed it on the desk while the tension rose.

"Pull it out and suck it."

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 189: -Provost Office -(3)***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Pull it out and suck it."

Max’s voice sounded detached and cold. Gazing into her eyes, Sloane seemed to hesitate, but only for a split second before going down on her knees.

Perhaps she hoped that the Provost would object in order to protect her esteem.

But the reality was clear, the Provost watched with cold interest, her eyes bland of emotions.

Slowly raising her hands to express her resistance to the act, Sloane lightly bit her lips then slipped her fingers under the band of Max’s inner wear and pulled it down.

"Ah"

A light yelp of fright escaped her lips the next moment, barely escaping the monstrosity that was set free from smacking her chin as it soared.

Sloane felt a wave of heat flashed her face as Max’s mighty rod impaled itself in the air, right before her eyes.

A breathtaking silence befell the atmosphere.

Unseen, the inner pupils of the Provost eyes constricted slightly at this sight. Whilst her expression remained unmoved.

To see his dick bounce out, Max coldly gazed down at the lady who once stood a head above him dazzled by the size of his cock up close while on her knees.

Recovering herself a moment later, Sloane wrapped her palm around the shaft of his cock.

Feeling its sizzling warmth despite being unable to contain it.

"Both hands."

Seeing this, Max coldly commanded.

The lady with no choice followed his order.

"Hmmm–."

Max groaned lightly, comforted by the cold feel of her hands wrapped around his cock as she began to stroke him.

Seconds passed and she moved her head closer, placing the plump tip of his member between her lips while using her tongue to tickle the hole.

"Argh."

Feeling deeply pleasured, Max placed his hand on her head, and slowly pushed his tip past her lips into the warmth of her mouth till he could feel her slippery tongue slithering across his shaft.

And thus it begun.

Slurp slurp slurp...

Sloane slowly bopped her head, a forward backward pace as she sucked the precum from his cock.

"Hmmm–. Hmmm– Hmmm–"

Struggling to breath, she began to quicken her sloppy pace.

"Argh."

Grabbing a handful of her hair,Max groaned in pleasure.

Minutes passed, unable to control his urge any more. Max grabbed a handful of her hair in both palms and began to thrust into her mouth.

Stuffing it down till her eyes were bulging and her face completely flushed every three thrusts.

"+#-! =$#! +°€^#!"

Muffling incomprehensible sounds, Sloane held onto Max thighs for support. Her unwilling thoughts long thrashed by the pleasure of his domination.

Watching all these , the Provost still managed to compose herself on the surface.

"^$=$^... Ahhhhh!"

Finally being able to gasp clearly, Sloane realized it was because Max had pulled out his cock from her mouth.

Yet before before she could Wallow in missing empty of what had been in her mouth. Max slapped her cheeks with his meat before shooting out the first wave of precum. Landing on her roughed hair to her brows.

The second shot drew a milky line around her cheeks.

Then third, fourth, fifth.

When Max was done cumming, her face and some area around her neck had been blessed.

Watching this, the Provost appeared cold and visibly disgusted.

"Argh-"

Max groaned in satisfaction, watching his cock decrease.

"Hmm- Hmmmm- Hmmm–"

Her eyes closed due to the facial shot she received, Sloane heaved tiredly.

"Done?... Let’s move on to your Serum tes–"

A chilling silence befell the air as the Provost froze, unable to complete her sentence.

Turns out she was about to deck the papers, and stand up when she saw Max flick his decreasing meat back to life. Captured by the moment.

Sloane, thinking Max was done, tried to get up only to feel a pair of strong arms sneak under her thighs and back. Lifting her up before she knew it.

Hastily pairing her eyes through the hazy line of semen over her lashes, she saw Max’s cold face and felt his toned muscles violating her skin.

Before she could zone out from the feeling, she felt her back pressed against a hard, slick surface.

The Provost watched with surprise, her cold aloofness shattered by what Max did next.

A style he hadn’t tried before. Max laid Sloane on her back atop the Provost’s desk since there was enough space.

Not all, he raised both of her legs, holding them together and held them straight, next to his left shoulders.

Leaving both ladies in the room stunned, Max held his hardened cock.

"Ahhhhh!" A gasp of pleasure rang out loud.

Having positioned her perfectly, Max inserted his cock inside. Thrusting into the familiar moist embrace of Sloane’s pussy.

Though the lady’s attitude was bad, the moisture she had been both folds made him reconsider his choice. Deciding he would cum inside.

"Argh."

Following her sharp gasp, Max groaned out loud as he slowly slid in.

Pulling out to thrust back, he could see his dick all covered in the slimy moisture of her hole.

Inwardly grinning, resumed with quicker and deeper thrust.

"Ahh! Ahhh! Ahhh!"

Sloane’s soft trembling moans filled the office following every of Max thrusts.

With her legs over his shoulder, she could only clench her palms into fists in order to slow down the coursing pleasure.

The moans and claps kept on until about twenty minutes.

With one final thrust, Max came inside her without asking and let go of her legs.

’Is he on drugs?’ The Provost thought.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 190: - Taking the Serum -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

Sloane moaned out loud one more time before letting loose.

Enveloped in her depth, felt her warm nectar wrap around his decreasing member as he pulled it out.

"Mmmmm!"

With an exhausted breath of ecstasy, Sloane spread both of her arms wide across the desk while inwardly realizing her legs had turned cold from Max’s rapid hard thrusts.

Without a word, Max placed down her legs then observed his limp member for a moment before pulling his underwear over it. Followed by a quick buckle of his belt.

Being the only spectator of course, the Provost watched with cold interest . Her thoughts and emotions completely hidden behind those eyes.

In the next embarrassing moment of silence for Sloane who was yet to recover the feel of her lower limbs and get up- Max was done, back to his normal student uniform.

"Done."

Picking up his bag, Max gaze found the Provost’s eyes, skipping the nude body between them with a composed expression.

"Good. Follow me."

Hinting disgust, the Provost smiled and picked up the stack of papers she had prepared.

Left to stare at her back view as she turned 160°, Max raised his brow in a puzzled manner.

Facing the wall behind her desk, the Provost placed her palm flat against it. And the next moment, a faint beep followed. Then a white circle rippled into existence beneath her hand, glowing brighter as it seem to scan her palm in a single vertical sweep.

Without a sound, the section of wall receded inwardly, revealing a seamless elevator door. That slid open with a gentle hiss.

’Looks much advanced than the the secret door from earlier. The mechanism and technology behind is slightly more advanced it seems.’ Max analysed.

Without turning to glance back, the Provost stepped in first and Max followed after with the door behind them automatically closing.

Before Max could react, the wall they were facing paired open the next instant. A clean slit ran at the centre, followed by a puff sound.

Speechless, Max was greeted by a narrow, pristine space with white lights that traced along the walls and ceiling in smooth, unbroken design that casted the room in a soft glow.

Just as his eyes darted between the details, Max noticed that the air carried a faint sterile scent.

Just then, he noticed two dressed scientists in slim white coats who looked like they were about to perform a highly advanced surgery, standing right before them with tablets in hand.

The whole room was lit, accompanied with silent big monitors that made it seem like a scene from a movie in his previous world.

Not leaving Max to marvel much at the highly sophisticated room that hid a secret that 90% of the world population didn’t know, the two scientist they gestured for him to follow while the Provost took a step to the side and coldly watched.

"Sit."

Guided to a sleek reclining chair, one of the scientists spoke with a thick voice.

Revealing their gender identity to be males, probably men in their early forties. As nothing could be visualised from the full overall they had on.

While the man who spoke went through his tab, Max watched the other pick up a thin-needled device and took a quick blood sample from him.

When he was done, the man going through the tablet raised upon his head with a quick nudge at his googles.

The next moment , Max saw a vertical frame descend from the ceiling, scanning him head to toe in a silent X-ray sweep.

After it was done,the other scientist opened a silver box that looked highly classified after typing in what appeared to be codes.

Inside, a single glass syringe filled with faintly shimmering liquid was picked up.

Without thinking, Max knew it was the supposed serum.

"He’s in a very good condition, you can commence."

Having gone through the scan result on the tablet, the first scientist nodded with a strangely good air around him. Probably satisfied by the e scan result.

"This will hurt."

That said, the man plunge the needle through his skin.

’What is this feeling?’

As the serum slid into his vein, Max felt a subtle burn spreading warmth through his arm.

The warmth seeped up his arm, but instead of surging power or sharpened senses, it faded just as quickly as it came—leaving nothing behind but a faint itch at the injection site.

’Huh?’

Confused, Max glanced at his hand, flexing his fingers. No strength boost. No clarity. Not even a hint of dizziness. Just... nothing.

However, ignorant of what he experienced, the scientists nodded, thinking the gestures he made were from the foreign sensation coursing through him.

The first scientist checked the tablet, his satisfied expression slipping for a fraction of a second before he masked it again.

"Vitals stable. All within expected range."

The second one offered a clinical nod, already putting away the syringe. "Procedure complete. It will take one week for the serum to assimilate with your body system so come back then for a quick check up."

Inwardly surprised, Max’s brow arched.

’That’s it?’

Just then, the Provost stepped forward, her heels clicking softly against the pristine floor.

"You’re done here. Follow me."

Tpanel in the far wall slid open, revealing the short white corridor. Beyond it, the elevator waited again—silent, polished, and just as unwelcoming as before.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 191: - Meeting Loli Again-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

They exited the door and were back in the Provost office once more.

Shifting his eyes, Max found the desk empty and was barely able to hold back a cold smirk.

’She managed to walk away?’ he thought, imagining the scene of a limping figure in his head.

However, just then—the Provost handed him a card. Her eyes unveiling a bit of villainous glint.

Glancing down at her outstretched hand, Max nodded as he took the card from her.

"Your dorm room key-card. It has nothing in it, submit a sample of your preferred structure design to have it refurbished." The Provost said in a dismissive tone as she walked towards her desk to sit.

Appreciating her back view for a moment, Max took his cue to leave her office.

And as for his proposed deal, he left it so, deciding to pay a visit later.

Click!

The door closed behind him.

Catching sight of the empty PA Desk with no one around, Max let out a low breath and his face revealed slight fatigue.

’That was tough.’

He thought, feeling relieved and was about to take a step forward when the Chims in his head halted him in his tracks.

[Ding Ding Ding!]

Following the distinct bells, a holographic screen popped up.

[Congratulations! Host has committed an egregious Taboo.]

[Granting Rewards...]

[Ding!]

[Host has triggered an Accomplishment Rate Evaluation...]

[Evaluating...]

[Target: Sloane.

<Position: Provost Personal Assistant. x8]

[Location: Provost Office. x18]

[Evaluation Complete: S+]

[x26 Rewards... of Points and Stats.]

[1 Wish Grant Card]

...

[100 Promotion Points... x36 Rewards.]

[3600 Promotion Points]

[SS Ranked Taboo Student

Promotion Points: 50650/ 100,000.]

[0.1 Stat Point... x36 Rewards.]

[3.6 Stats Points.]

[SS Ranked Taboo Student]

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan High School

Stats: 23.6

Charm - 16+²

Strength - 35

Agility - 31.8]

Stamina - 35.

S Ranked Taboo Student

Promotion Points: 5650 - 100,000 to SSS Rank]

’New feature?’

After reading all the details on the holographic screen, the first thought that popped was the feature the System didn’t specifically state.

Which was being able to preserve prompts.

Earlier right when he pulled out of Sloane he’d willed for the screen to disappear before it could appear due to the Provost who was waiting for him to be done.

However, he never expected it to prompt again.

’Without a quest, thirty-six times reward isn’t as bountiful as it sounds.’

Max’s eyes lingered on the stats points for a while before willing for the screen to disappear.

With no one to lead him, Max walked towards the elevator.

Enjoying the tranquil silence in the compact space while being aware of the hidden camera.

A few minutes passed and the doors slid open. Presenting the futuristic white hallways with few Elites walking by.

The moment he stepped out, Max felt several gazes land on him.

"It’s Max."

"What a dude."

For a moment there were quiet whispers across the joint hallways. Staring at Max nonchalant back as he walked away, a few sighed.

In contrast to his new fame, Max struggled on which hallway he was to take to get to his sister’s dorm. Alicia’s rather.

Just as he pondered on which hallway to take, nonchalant to the glances he received every ten seconds or so.

"Hey."

A clear innocent, somewhat unsure voice suddenly called out to him from behind.

Drawing not just his attention, but that of the passersby Elites. Max turned to see who it was.

’Short frame, almost flat chest. Petite, She’s even wearing ribbons?’

Max subconsciously repeated these same details in his head as he took in the appearance of the girl before him.

Just like he last saw her—her size, height... and chest remained the same.

’Zero growth?’

Apart from the small lump on her chest, there was nothing more distinct about her than her cuteness.

Unlike what the loli thought, Max vividly remembered their conversation.

"Do.. Do you remember me?"

Blushing, she asked, shyly looking up at him due to their height difference.

’The peeking loli from my bathroom escapade with the female instructor.’

"Yes." Max nodded, causing the petite girl to look stunned and bloom a vibrant smile the next instant.

"I knew it, I knew it was you."

As if to mock her other assumptions, she repeated the same words.

However, turning to see inquisitive eyes on her, she quickly flicked her only rails and lowered her voice.

"I saw your fight earlier and doubted if you were the one or you had a twin brother. Plus with so many senior Elites surrounding you I didn’t think it was good to come over." highlighting the term senior Elites with a wink she smiled.

’Huh? Another form of Olivia?’

Staring down at her petite frame, Max briefly wondered about his troublesome cousins.

’Short girls are so stubborn.’ Max thought.

"Are you free?"

Causing the loli to blush profusely, Max asked in a calm tone.

"Y.. yes."

Shyly avoiding his eyes, she replied.

"Can you show me how to get out of here? I’m done for the day—" He said, stopping halfway as he suddenly realised something.

"I don’t know your name." Max said.

"Oh, you can call me Lily if it’s that."

Apparently a little dismayed by the question since it wasn’t what she expected, Lily swiped both of her ponytails.

"Cool."

That said, Max brought out his phone and sent Evelyn a text.

According to the Provost, he had no lesson today, the real deal would commence the next day.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 192: - Making it Up to Loli-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

About eight minutes since their encounter, Lily accompanied him towards the exit.

After making several turns through the maze of a hallway, a dead end finally appeared in view.

"This is so fun. I remember when I first came here, I had to always exercise my brain, memorising each hallway or find a mark point at each intersection. It’s said that some students chose staying in the dorm because they couldn’t find their way to the exit."

With their destination in sight, Lily quickly created a conversation between them after being awkwardly silent for the past minutes.

Finding sense in her word though, Max realized why the base was a maze.

’A constant brain exercise? Such a genius way to teach.’

Nodding, Max noticed Lily had come to a sudden halt.

Since they were so close to the exit, there were no passersby in this hallway. Those in sight were more than twenty metres away.

"Hum..." she began with a hesitant, shy look.

"About the video..." avoiding his eyes with a fierce blush staining her cheeks, she bit her lips and continued.

"I showed it to my friends and they didn’t believe me. I tried reaching you since then but got no response."

Appearing confused at first as to what she meant, Max suddenly remembered the details of what he had done on that day.

He left the recording of his back while slamming into the sports instructor, deleting other recordings and pictures she had taken of them. He handed her his stargram ID after but never replied to the unknown text he received.

"... I was busy."

In an attempt to brush his guilty thoughts, Max gave a random excuse.

"Hmmm–. You aren’t even going to appear apologetic?"

Pursing her lips to a saddened smile, she cutely stared at him.

Raising his brows at this act, Max felt that her expression was too mischievous.

In order to dismiss the awkwardness, he gave a quick solution that he almost regretted.

"I’ll make it up to you–"

By the time he realised that he had spoken out of character, the words already flew out of his mouth.

"Yes."

Lily smiled, the edge of her lips stretched to the limit like she won a jackpot.

Seeing her expression, Max felt that there was much to it than she let on.

’Have I been tricked?’ Realizing how cute she looked, Max felt a little bit cold.

"Good."

Finished relishing in the joy of his response, she took an excited step backward, her cheeks flushed to the brim that it looked like a fresh tomato.

Clearly, there was something to say that she seemed deeply shy to speak.

However, her smile popped.

"In order for my friends to believe, please let’s re-create the video."

Like a gun that had to unload all of its bullets, leaving nothing but an empty barrel, she froze, staring at him with widened eyes.

’Ehn?’

Stunned, Max inwardly revised her sentence in his head.

’In order for my friends to believe, please let’s re-create the video.’

’Let’s?’

’Is she inferring that I should fuck her like I did then?’

’Crazy.’

Max’s eyes roamed the loli before him, settling on her flat chest then measuring her petite figure.

’Right, she said she’s sixteen.’

Seeing Max cast his doubtful eyes over her, her cheeks flushed once more.

"What are you thinking? I wouldn’t be in high school if I wasn’t of age." Clenching her fist, she said defiantly, which made Max nod.

"Okay." After giving it a few seconds’ thought, Max nodded.

"Really?"

Surprised, she appeared taken aback that he agreed. After all, no one could bear having sexual thoughts towards her due to her frame and flat chest.

"Uh? Should I reconsider?"

Sensing her doubtful feelings towards him, Max raised his brows.

"Ah, no."

Fluttered, she quickly responded and blushed deeply after that.

"Let’s- let’s do it in my dorm room at night," she said, avoiding his eyes.

"Okay, sure. But I haven’t settled in, I’ll let you know when I decide to take sleep here," Max said in a reassuring tone.

"Okay." Breathing a sigh of relief, Lily smiled.

Staring at her loli frame, Max couldn’t help but visualise the obscene of having her pinned to the wall while moaning with her little frail voice.

"That’s the exit, it takes you up, inside the building above, the security guards will come and hand over your car keys."

"Oh, cool then." With a silent nod, Max turned and walked towards the dead end.

In this span of seconds, he felt her gaze focused on his back.

Reaching the end, Max studied the wall and spotted a silver button. Pressing it, he heard a faint hiss as a thin slit appeared. The white panels began to slide open, revealing the interior as a massive elevator—wide enough to hold thirty people without feeling cramped.

Resembling more of a shaft, with built-in seats lining all sides, Max couldn’t help but feel exaggerated that he was the only one using it.

Stepping in–

"Bye!" Lily called out, waving her hands at him.

Nodding at her gesture, the doors closed.

Following that, a loud hissing sound could be heard and the elevator hummed silently as it rose.

’Well, not everything has been solved by advanced technology it seems.’

In response to discomfort, which unlike the elevator he used today, Max sat down and relished the vibration.

Two minutes or so passed until the elevator came to a stop. The doors parted open, presenting an empty spacious space that seemed like a hall.

Illuminating the space were sunrays that seeped through the glass.

At this sight, Max couldn’t help but feel a slight sense of déjà vu.

’Feels like I have been out of reach from the sun for a month. Is it because I went so deep underground?’ Max thought, confirming what the emotions he felt were.

His eyes scanned the hall and found the doors towards the opposite end.

’A good camouflage.’

Walking out of the decoy building, speculated to be where the Elites studied, he found his car just right outside with the same security officer as when he arrived on standby next to it.

"Thanks."

Max muttered as he collected his key, driving off a few minutes later.

’12pm? I still have time.’

Glancing at his watch, Max took off his shirt preparing to go for another round of intense deadlifting for a normal human until his phone rang.

"Zzz! Zzz!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 193: -Mrs Dalia Call-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

His drive back home so early from school filled Max’s thoughts with future prospects regarding the last threshold to fulfilling the System’s main quest: SSS Ranked Taboo Student.

With less than fifty thousand points and a passive 10x Reward, the minimum he could earn from every sex would be 1000 Promotion Points.

In deep thought as he pulled into the driveway, Max figured he needed high-tier targets.

’The Provost is the only one on my list.’

’Huh? Come to think of it, I didn’t get in contact with any teacher?’

Raising his brows, Max placed his legs halfway before getting out of his Lambo.

"I need information." he muttered.

’Purchasing aphrodisiac through the Nexus Shop should be a last resort.’

Pushing the door open, the familiar interior came into view. Though it had only been a few hours, Max still deeply inhaled the empty warmth.

Throwing one glance at his wrist, Max headed to his room and quickly changed into a short and singlet, ready to work out in order to extend familiarity toward his newfound strength.

Starting with a set of 100 push-ups, Max got engrossed measuring the limit of his strength.

Hours passed, taking a break to glance at his wristwatch, Max saw it was just after 12pm.

’12pm? I still have time.’

He muttered, preparing to go for another round when suddenly his phone vibrated and its screen lit up.

Zzz! Zzz!

With two muffled rings that vibrated, Max picked up his phone thinking it was probably Evelyn. However, seeing the unsaved digits, Max raised his brows in suspicion. Accepting the call after a silent pause, he was momentarily stunned by the voice from the other end of the phone.

"Hello...?" Miss Dalia’s clear, alluring voice sounded from the other end.

"Hello." Bringing himself to a composed state, Max responded calmly.

However...

"Thank goodness, Max, it’s really you. I was doubtful it was your father’s." Miss Dalia inhaled sharply in relief, the pitch of her voice happy and higher than her hello.

Even more stunned, Max felt intrigued by the cause of her delight.

"Oh..." Before he could speak, Mrs. Dalia cut him off.

"I got the number from the neighbor’s complaint line." She said quickly, as if to clear his doubt.

"Right." Max said in a realizing tone.

"Okay... I’m sorry I may have been bugging you lately. But my situation here is more chaotic than I thought after leaving my company into some uncivilized people. I don’t have the chance to pick up Talia from school. Please can you do that for me on your way back home?"

By the end of her apologetic pleading statement, Max could imagine her pouting over the phone as she awaited his response.

"Okay... I’ll." Sounding hesitant, Max replied.

"Thank you. She closes by 2pm. I’ll text you the address and the pick-up pass right now." In joyous relief, Mrs. Dalia said and quickly ended the call.

Withdrawing the phone from his ears, Max muttered, "There’s a pick-up pass?" in bewilderment.

Zzz! Zzz!

Just as he was about to drop it, his phone vibrated and the message notification icon appeared on the screen. Max tapped on it and read the address.

(St. Aurelia’s Academy for Girls

Address: 1128 Rosewood Crescent, Valemont Heights...)

’I almost forgot she attends an all-girls school, no wonder a pick-up pass is required.’

Max shook his head and resumed to pull up 100kg dumbbells in both hands while appearing barely stressed.

He did that for the next thirty minutes and then went to clean up.

In order to compensate for his lack of sleep the previous night, he turned on his alarm, setting a one-hour limit to nap.

An hour later...

Beeeeep!

Forcing Max to pry his eyes open, the alarm blared like an angry wife who couldn’t stand her husband lazing in bed.

Staring dumbly at his closet, Max realized he didn’t pick out what to wear before taking his nap.

His eyes wandered through the set of casual clothing rather than formal, until he had an idea.

’Dressing too hot would seem like I am there to impress them. Not a good idea.’

’Other than picking a new set of uniforms, the only option here is to go casual.’

’Dressing casual makes you look nonchalant to their attention and also attracts more attention in a certain sense. Someone who doesn’t care about others’ opinions. Or like they say, only the poor or common people are judged for what they wear, not me pulling up in a brand new Lamborghini.’

Grinning, Max chose beach shorts, an Aloha shirt with floral patterns printed on it, and a clean singlet.

’It’s sunny outside, I’ll take these sunglasses.’

Leaving his shirt completely unbuttoned to make his stark white singlet create a distinct effect under the sunlight, Max strutted out of the house and entered his jet-black, sleek Aventador S Roadster.

Vrooom! Vrooom!

Revving it, Max drove out of the driveway in reverse and swiftly switched to accelerate it forward.

...

St. Aurelia’s Academy for Girls—

The gates of St. Aurelia’s opened to a stream of sleek black SUVs, polished Benzes, ash Lexus, and other sorts of exotic cars. Their engines hummed softly as chauffeurs or parents waited patiently.

Bustling with elegance, the atmosphere was strangely not chaotic, and girls in crisp white blouses tucked into deep navy skirts could be seen walking about in groups of three or more while the rest waved goodbyes to each other.

Tall, slender, short, slightly curvy—it was a heaven of beauties for sophomore students. Each sporting fancy headbands, pens, or bags that created a vibe of their own.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 194: -Really?-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Awwww, he’s just so cute and hot at the same time."

"I’m so jealous, my boyfriend can’t even compare to him."

"Oh please, you don’t need to flatter me. I’ll make sure to keep him from your eyesight."

In the bustling but orderly movement of sophomore girls as they made their way to their awaiting rides — a much more classic and pretty group of girls could be seen, walking unhurriedly while they conversed and giggled between themselves.

Amongst them, a certain Mexican girl with promising charm that would surpass her mother remained quiet, only flashing a smile and little giggle as the other girls conversed. Either talking about their hot, cute boyfriends or cool older brothers that attend the most elite school in the country.

Being unable to relate, she could only play along.

Though the other girls had long since seen through this facade, they purposely brought up such conversations to make her feel off.

Her only purpose in this circle of girls was to give value to the purpose of it as the prettiest girl in the school.

Otherwise, Jenny wouldn’t act like the leader because of her boyfriend, who she didn’t seem to get enough of.

’Always flaunting.’

Smiling at the group, Talia thought in irritation, but there was nothing she could do.

In a school meant for girls alone, boys were like a prized treasure. Those with handsome boyfriends flaunted images.

With today being the first day of resumption, Talia felt more irritated than she usually would because it was all talk of how they spent their holidays going on trips with their boyfriends or flaunting pictures.

"You guys look so good together."

"I know, I know."

A series of giggles followed after.

However, while Talia was lost in thought about how horrible her holiday had been compared to her peers, the group of girls exchanged skeptic, knowing glances before Jenny chose to chip in.

"Talia, you haven’t told us anything about your holiday since you arrived. Or didn’t you have fun?" Jenny said before another of the girls chipped in.

"Oh Jenny, you didn’t need to say it out loud. We all know of Talia’s high requirements in guys. There’s no way someone would have caught her attention, talk less of getting into a relationship with him. Or... isn’t that right, Talia?"

Pulled out of her thoughts by Jessica’s hidden jest, Talia appeared momentarily stunned and was about to reply when...

VROOM!!!!!!! VROOOOM!!! VROOOOOMMM!!!!!!

...The loud sound of a revving engine silenced the whole atmosphere to a freeze.

Shocked, eyes drifted towards the entrance/exit, landing on a sleek black, brand-new-looking Lamborghini as it slowly pulled past the gates, then to a stop, joining the straight line of waiting cars.

"Wow." The school security officer that had just confirmed Max’s pick-up password appeared dazed upon realizing the model of Lamborghini.

Just as breaths of anticipation filled the air, Max casually popped out his feet from the vehicle and stepped outside.

Barely a few metres away, within the group of girls, Talia, upon realizing how oddly familiar the car was, had begun to draw a short gasp along every girl present.

Even the usually dismissive, cold, feminist teachers were no exception.

But were women that into cars to draw such a reaction?

Of course not.

Perfectly toned arms, chiseled jaws, and striking facial features to hold his short mullet haircut. Max’s aura momentarily left the girls’ and ladies’ legs weak.

Within the crowd, Talia felt a sudden sense of horror grip her heart as Max’s eyes, unaffected by the commotion he caused, searched through the crowd of beauties.

"Who is he?"

"He’s... so hot."

"My goodness."

Listening to the girls’ compliments around her, with an urge to cover her face.

"Talia!"

Max called out as their eyes met, even raising one of his hands that had been tucked into his pockets to signal at her.

"Huh?"

The girls around Talia revealed a stunned look, unable to process the name they all heard.

As a heavy blush crept upward from her neck till it completely made her face flushed like a tomato, Talia didn’t dare stay any longer and quickly nodded at the girls who couldn’t react.

"Bye guys."

Waving her hand as quick as she could, Talia turned and ran in the fastest way she could towards the black limbo while everyone else watched.

Seeing Talia run towards and the silence of the crowd, Max could almost not hold back the threatening wide grin that fought to reveal itself on his face.

Clicking the button for the second door to open, Max coolly glanced at the surroundings before stepping into the car.

"Please, go go go go."

Upon reaching his Limbo, Talia quickly took off her backpack, popping inside and burying her face between her laps before the door could completely close.

Hearing her plead, Max ignited the engine, stepped on the accelerator while screeching a 160° turn towards the exit.

VROOOOO!!.

As the car accelerated past the gates, everyone seemed to have been released from the strange jujutsu.

"Talia, that bitch." Jenny cursed from the bottom of her heart, gritting her teeth as the scene played again in her head.

...

Having driven far enough, Max lowered his speed and Talia slowly raised up her head — only to cover her face once more with her palms.

Not saying a word, Max kept quiet while he drove in silence until—

"... Really?" Talia said.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 195: -Want to come in?-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Beep!

Just outside of a fancy two-storey duplex, a mother and daughter closed the door behind them as it gave a beep that notified that it was successfully locked.

Letting her gaze drift towards the water fountain, the mother who Max knew to be his MILF neighbour, Mrs Dalia, turned to glance at her daughter who stood by her side, confused by her mother’s silence. Naturally this was Talia.

"If I can’t come to pick you by any chance, I’ll ask him to come pick you up." Mrs Dalia said, making her daughter blush.

...Presen...

"Really?"

Blushing, Talia briefly glanced at him then quickly turned her head away.

His eyes set on the road, Max swallowed his grin and didn’t glance at her.

A few moments passed in silence until finally Talia was able to wave away her heavy blush.

"You shouldn’t have done that." Halfway through smiling and blushing, Talia said and turned to stare past the tinted windows.

"Done what?"

Unfortunately Max wasn’t going to let her off easily, glancing at her he steadied his hands on the steering and silently awaited her response.

Freezing upon his voice, Talia gritted her teeth, refusing to blush but unable to make the flush disappear.

After

"For bringing this... and calling out to me... like you’re my boyfriend or something."

After some hesitation, Talia said through gritted teeth while staring past the tinted glass.

"Oh?"

"Am I not though?"

Visualising a grin, Max asked, his voice curious and casual.

And sure enough Talia’s shoulders froze, same with her breath, followed by silence as she was unable to reply.

Having expected her reaction, Max composed his tone before asking further.

"I mean... I am a boy and your friend. Isn’t that it?"

Hearing his words, Talia’s shoulders visibly relaxed and her voice came after.

"We are not friends though." She said softly, defiantly biting her lips.

Glancing at her with a skeptical look, Max shook his head and resumed to focus on the road.

"Okay." He said.

Feeling awkward and reasoning Max’s words just now, Talia quickly spoke up.

"You don’t understand what you’ve done. They’ll... they’ll think I have a boyfriend--"

"Uh?"

Cutting her short, Max raised his brows pretending to be a little surprised by her words.

"You don’t have a boyfriend?" He said.

"Uhm-" about to reply, Talia’s cheeks instantly flushed in embarrassment realizing that it would probably downgrade Max’s view of her.

"... I do, but we broke up." Fumbling with words for a moment, she managed to say.

"Oh, I see, what possibly made you two break up?"

Feigning he hadn’t seen through her lie, Max played along and asked.

However, his question seemed to have an impact on Talia causing her to stutter.

’I have never lied this much before.’ Put into a spot, Talia’s thoughts operated quickly to form a quick response while her eyes avoided glancing at Max.

"He... he cheated on me." She quickly said in a hushed whisper audible enough for Max to hear clearly.

"Oh. Such a fool."

Appearing stunned, he saw Talia blush from the corner of his eyes before she swiftly hid her face.

’Hehe.’

"... He’s probably regretting his decision right now, don’t take him back."

"Hmmm."

Talia shook her head in response.

Just like that, the car resumed into silence.

As his drifting thoughts wandered about Mrs Dalia and what Talia’s father would look like, he heard Talia’s hesitant voice next to him.

"What about you?

Do you have a- girlfriend?" she said with a quietish tone.

"Huh? Yes."

Stunned at first, Max casually replied showing no hesitation.

"Oh."

In reaction, Talia’s expression visibly changed, losing much of its earlier glow.

Though she tried to hide it, Max inwardly smirked at her reaction.

"Her name is Linda. A shy loving lady."

Max added, causing Talia’s expression to change even more.

Revealing a subtle smile-

"She doesn’t think it’s fair to have me all to herself though."

"Hmm? What do you mean?"

Raising her beautiful brows in confusion, Talia glanced at him.

’Successfully baited.’ Max thought.

"It means I can have more than one girlfriend if I want to without her getting upset."

Though his tone turned smug at the end, Talia didn’t mind but appeared drawn by curiosity.

"Is that even possible?"

Seeing a faint blush reignite on her cheeks, Max swallowed his urge to smile.

Nodding, he appeared casual about it which further drew Talia’s curiosity.

"Uhm-, how many girlfriends do you have then?"

Blushing, Talia asked.

"Officially? One."

In a dismissing tone, Max answered causing Talia to withdraw from asking any further question.

"Okay." Turning to face the tinted glass, Talia nodded and kept quiet.

Just then, the estate entrance came in view, stationed with sophisticated securities.

Without stopping, they drove through the opened gate unhindered by the securities.

’Huh?’

Turning to glance at Max, Talia appeared confused by the strange incident since it had always been compulsory to stop at the gate.

However, seeing Max’s silent expression she decided not to press further.

Driving through the clear asphalt road and aligned European trees, rows of fancy mansion like duplex soon came into view.

Stepping on the brakes, Max pulled the car to a stop in front of the duplex.

In between the silence, the door slowly slid down and Talia got out.

"Thanks." She muttered about to walk away when she suddenly stopped and turned back before the door could close.

"Do you want to come in?"

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 196: -Home Alone with Talia- ¹
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Do you want to come in?"

Raising his head slightly with a stunned expression, Max, about to press the ignition button, quickly studied Talia’s expression to confirm what he heard.

’Huh?’

Feeling doubt, he skeptically observed her expression.

A little hesitant and shy, Talia held her breath as she awaited his response.

’Well. I have nothing to do at the moment.’

’Look at her though. Did she fail to realize that she has to bathe and change before anything else? Having me in the house alone with her? Her opinion of me must have skyrocketed.’

Reminiscing about what happened the last time as he was forced to press the doorbell for twenty minutes while waiting outside because Talia refused to answer the door after seeing it was him, Max resisted the urge to curl up his lips and then nodded.

"Sure, if you want me to?"

Hearing his response, Talia tried to compose her expression but failed miserably.

Just as the flush around her neck reached her cheeks, she quickly turned away and began walking towards the door.

Watching her departing back, Max stepped out of the car and followed behind.

When they got to the door, Talia quickly typed in the code and a beep followed.

For a moment there was an awkward silence in the air as she opened the doors wide for him to come in.

Stepping into the luxurious interior, Max swept his eyes across the purple-painted walls. Stopping on the velvet couches as he felt the familiarity to them, his gaze shifted to the crystal chandelier before settling on Talia, who seemed contented by his reaction.

"Humm... You can sit over here. And if you would like a glass of water." She avoided eye contact and pointed at the crafted coffee table at the center of the living suite.

"It has an inner compartment with refreshments stored in it."

She quickly said, and Max nodded.

Swiftly turning away, Talia had just taken a step when she suddenly froze. A wave of pink flush traced up to her cheeks, unseen by Max, who silently walked to the couch opposite the big hundred-inch screen.

"I might take a while..."

Prompting Max to turn towards her, Talia said.

"Why?"

Sensing the reluctance in her voice, Max asked in pretense that he had no clue of what it was.

Faced with this question and Max’s gaze, Talia quickly covered half of her face before responding.

"I need to bathe and change into a new set of clothes. That is the remote, and there’s some little snack in the kitchen fridge." She spoke without waiting for his response and quickly ascended the small staircase, her footsteps fading softly behind her.

’Hehehe. Feeling embarrassed that I would imagine her bathing?’

Just as a little smirk found its way to his lips, Max picked up the remote and turned on the television.

His hand soon found the small knob beneath the table and twitched it.

Puff

There was a silent hiss in the air, which made Max a little stunned at the sight.

’Of course, what was I even expecting.’

Having pried open the small door underneath the coffee table, Max felt a wave of cool air envelope his palm.

Inside what he expected to be a normal hidden compartment, white light glowed within along a chilling atmosphere.

’A little fridge.’

Nestled inside were neatly arranged cans of soft drink, five in total, with two red apples, their surfaces glistening softly under the light.

’Why didn’t I ever think of it? I definitely need one in my room.’ Recalling every time he had trudged to the kitchen fridge just to grab a bottle of water, Max mentally face-palmed.

Grabbing one can and an apple, Max closed the compartment and stood up.

Glancing around the room once more, his eyes happened to land on a portrait he had never noticed before.

’Huh?’

Around just two years, the portrait depicted a little girl with striking black hair and a face of Mexican nationality, precise in beauty.

’It’s definitely her.’

Realizing it was Talia, Max observed the portrait for a few extra seconds before losing interest.

Since the houses in the estate were most likely the same blueprint other than a few, Max walked into the kitchen.

Seeing it was neat and tidy, he nodded and walked towards the fridge, which was two times bigger than the one he had at home.

However, just as he opened it, he instantly realized why it was so.

Fresh fruits, vegetables, dairy, snacks, condiments... Every shelf in the fridge was fully stocked to the extent that Max was left gobsmacked.

Observing carefully, a half loaf of bread was the only thing that could be described as leftover inside.

’Mothers...’

Smiling wistfully, Max brought out the half-loaf of bread, preparing to slice out a piece when an idea suddenly blossomed in his mind.

"I bet she’ll be surprised as fuck."

That said, he brought out a few other items from the fridge and began...

Meanwhile, up in her room, ignorant of what Max was up to, Talia picked up a hair dryer and began drying her hair while admiring her reflection in the mirror, which had just a towel covering her ample tits down to half her thighs.

Suddenly glancing at the door, which she had purposely left unlocked with a few inches-wide gap enough to peep through, she released a dejected sigh and turned to face the mirror.

"Even if he isn’t a pervert. We are both alone in this house. Isn’t this the best time to chase after me... when I’ll be most likely to succumb to temptation?"

Whispering these words like her last hope had been shattered, Talia picked up her phone.

(How guys think and make their moves...) the screen read.

Dropping her phone, she let down her towel and admired her body before jumping into a baggy polo and bum-shorts.

’He’ll probably likes this.’

She thought, giving one last look at the mirror, then exited the room and strode down the stairs.

Halfway through, she spotted Max and suddenly froze.

’Is this the smell of...?’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 197: -Home Alone with Talia-²
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’He knows how to cook?’

Max held a small plate of scrambled eggs and toast as he walked out of the kitchen.

Just then noticing the pair of surprised eyes focused on him, he momentarily stopped to glance at Talia who was in a pink baggy shirt that reached her knees.

There was a brief silence, and Max realizing how he seemed from Talia’s perspective decided to clear things up, while also raising the plate in his hand slightly.

"...Your Mom said I should treat here like my second home." he said.

"Oh..." feeling awkward, Talia almost stuttered but managed to compose herself, nodding in response as she watched him sit.

"-I left yours on the countertop."

Max’s voice lingered in the air, causing her to freeze with a stunned expression and doubt that she had misheard.

One, two, three... five seconds passed.

Realizing Max wasn’t going to repeat himself.

"--Thanks."

Talia whispered meekly, her cheeks a little bit flushed as she headed towards the kitchen.

Just like Max said, a plate of scrambled eggs and toast was patiently waiting for her with appetising aroma.

Calming her rush to have a quick taste of it, Talia carefully placed it in her mouth and suddenly released a "Hmmm–." sound.

Relishing the taste, she tiptoed to take a look at Max in the living room.

Seeing him focused on the TV, she excitedly walked back to the countertop to down the dish.

Minutes passed...

Other than the playing TV, the whole house was engulfed in silence.

Glancing down at the empty plate that once had scrambled eggs on it, Max crushed the empty can in his palm and stood up.

Just then, Talia walked out of the kitchen visibly flushed but stubbornly holding it together.

"Thanks." she whispered, walking past him.

Bewildered, Max raised his brows and silently began to clean up the plate, dumping the crushed can in the trash nearby.

When he was done, he found Talia occupying one of the couches while pretending to be invested in the movie.

With no word said, Max took his previous seat and watched.

About thirty minutes, the movie finally came to an end with the main character killing the King to build a new Kingdom.

’Although the production budget is insufficient, the narrative and characters’ display of emotion are very raw.’

Max inwardly commented, doubting Talia felt the same way since it wasn’t anything romantic.

However, to Max’s surprise—

"What a great movie." Talia said under her breath, appearing very moved by the ending.

’Ehn?’

Hearing her say this, Max skeptically took a glance at her and happened to catch her gaze at the same moment.

"...Do you play games?"

Quickly breaking eye contact, Talia said.

Taken aback, Max appeared thoughtful before responding.

"Yes. The Rebels."

Hearing Max’s response, Talia’s expression froze and then lit with a happy glow.

"Good, I have two controllers and PlayStation X8 in my room..."

Cutting herself short, Talia held her breath.

"-I’ll disconnect and bring it down here for us to play." she said with an apologetic flush tainting her cheeks.

"Huh?"

However, Max raised his brows.

"Won’t that take a lot of time?" Max asked, causing Talia to bear a realizing look.

"Let’s play it in my room then."

Quickly turning the other way, Talia stood up and walked to the stairs with Max tagging behind.

Seconds later, under Talia’s guide the door of her room opened with a click, presenting the girlish interior before Max.

Pink walls, white ceiling. Bed, two separate sheets of white and pink colours. Reading desk and chair, pink and white. Wardrobe, pink and white.

’Does she think she’s Barbie?’

Just as his eyes roamed through the details of her room with amused comments, Max’s thoughts suddenly halted.

Because there, placed carefully and strategically, was a complete set of gaming setup similar to the one he had in his room but strictly pink and white, decorated with cat stickers.

"What a surprise." Uttering these words, Max nodded with an impressed expression.

"It has a split screen so we can both share at the same time."

Seeing Max’s neutral expression become impressed, Talia felt smug and handed him a controller.

"Okay."

Loosening his introverted restraint, Max didn’t shy from communicating as he checked out the buttons.

"Not casual, I’ll link my account through the QR scan. Let’s ranked."

Seeing Talia expertly fiddle with the pad as she shuffled through the menu option on screen for the casual mode, Max realized the game would be too easy and decided to link his account.

"Oh..."

Switching it back to rank mode, Talia sat down.

"UID?"

Successfully logging in, Max nudged his neck to draw her attention.

"01592..."

Swiftly stating the series of numbers, which was a surprise, Talia quickly picked a pillow and stuffed her face into it.

Just then, the series of numbers had been processed and generated a lobby profile.

(Baby...)

"Baby Pink?" Max muttered, his expression stunned as he read the name again confirming he wasn’t mistaken.

Not by the fact of how childish it sounded but how familiar the name was.

Having already sent a friend request, Talia’s pad vibrated slightly and the latter promptly dropped the pillow, freezing after in surprise as she read out the requester name.

"SOLITUDE001?"

Her breath hung as she promptly tilted her head towards Max who was silently looking at her.

"You’re Solitude?"

’You’re Baby Pink?’

Surprised, they both turned to the screen.

Who could have guessed that the top 15 and 16 Rebel players on the global ranking who never revealed their identity or let their voices be known were neighbours.

With both having realised who the other was, Max glanced at Talia thinking—

’She’s the bastard who’s always trying to snatch my spot?’

’It has been you all along.’ Talia thought.

Silence reigned in the air until they both gradually accepted the reality and stood together in the same lobby just as they were in the room.

...

"Help me up."

"Over there, he’s shooting from the tower."

"Not again. Help me up."

As reality would have it, Talia had never played squad before and Max, having to deal with stupid and idiotic teammates over the years, had learnt to carry the team.

Talia often cursed while he remained silent helping her up each time. Eventually, due to her voice, the room eventually got cozy.

From sometimes hitting his shoulder for not helping her up, sitting on her bed, their shoulders soon felt each other.

"There’s a sniper camping around ther—"

Just as Max threw a smoke bomb to cover his tracks, starting from the bulb, the appliances in the room switched off, blanketing them in darkness.

’A blackout?’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 198: -Home Alone with Talia-³*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’A blackout?’

Deep silence filled the room as it was blanketed in complete darkness. Too sudden and unexpected, Max’s grip on the controller tightened in alert, his futile attempt to see through the darkness leading to a tiny ray of light through the curtain.

’She has a bind placed before the curtains?’

Realizing why there was no source of light despite it being daytime outside, Max was about to stand up when he felt two soft palms carefully slither around his arm.

Before he could react, two squishy soft but firm feelings pressed against his arm.

"I’m scared of the dark."

Talia’s coy voice sounded next, leaving Max a little stunned.

Sensing his will to stand collapse before he could muster it, Max savored the softness of her bosom before responding. Not with words but a comforting hand that patted her other shoulder. Holding her still like he was trying to protect her from a monster in the dark.

The dice had been thrown.

Talia, albeit a little startled by the sudden arm that wrapped around her other shoulder, after realizing it was Max’s, her cheeks flushed in the darkness. With no resistance she melted into his embrace.

Feeling more of her chest this time, restless lust hovered in the room, turning their silence into tension.

"Hmmm."

Suddenly Talia moaned softly, more like a cat’s purr.

The cause: Max slowly stroked her arm in a tender manner while closing the last inch between them.

With her body within his protective embrace, Talia felt the need to reciprocate and also began to rub his chest, feeling the shaped muscles underneath his shirt.

With no words said, like two romantic couples they kept going on with it for fifteen seconds till their breath intensified. No longer satisfied with the warmth, the crave for skin-to-skin contact was ignited.

Not in the slightest tranced like Talia was, Max proceeded with a clear head, controlling his lust as he slowly pressed her down to the bed.

"Hmmmm-"

A quick shudder ran down Talia’s spine, feeling his hands roam her legs, thighs, then slipping under her baggy shirt to hold her waist.

At this moment, in the darkness, Talia felt Max’s presence directly over her.

Already stretching up her hand and ready to arch her back, thinking he was going to take off her shirt first, she felt Max let go of one hand and slowly trace her hair, lowering to her ear. His fingers lingered for a second then traced down to her chin.

Before she could comprehend what he was about to do, she felt his thumb slowly part her lips, then his breath came down. Hot, it spread warmth across her face, leaving her vulnerable to what came next.

His lips, like the cork of a bottle, latched onto hers, sliding out his thumb to replace it with his tongue which voraciously dove and began a swift competitive battle.

"Hmmmm-" Talia’s stifled moan rang out, but like a prey as Max dominantly sucked her lips, intertwining tongue in lust.

His body was above her, his two knees strapped to both sides, with her body in between.

"Hmmmmmm– "

Sucking his tongue, Talia held his face to lock their lips.

"Hmmmm-" "Mwah" "Schlup" "Smoooch!"

There was no sound that wasn’t made.

Finding Talia’s lips to be exceptionally tender, Max hungrily savored the taste of it.

They went on for another five minutes, now completely heated and filled with lust. Max broke the kiss.

"Hmmmm- Hmmm– Hmmmm– !"

They both heaved.

To proceed with the second phase, Max’s hand quickly found her waist.

Talia, in understanding, already arched her waist.

Grabbing the fold of her baggy shirt, Max found no hindrance taking it off.

"Hmmm– "

Hearing Talia’s breath, Max knew she was ready for what came next.

Because the room was enveloped in darkness, Max was denied the wondrous view of her breasts, making him slightly reluctant.

His hand grabbed her slender waist, repositioning his knees. Max lowered his head and let his breath caress her belly button till his hand notified of the soft plumpness ahead.

"Hmmmm-" Talia shuddered.

Just then, grabbing both handfuls of her breasts, Max released a bestial growl and hungrily latched onto the right mold.

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

Talia let out a sharp gasp, jerking upward from the sudden pleasure that made her pupils constrict.

"Ahhh." She gasped again, much lower than the previous.

"Hmmm– Hmmmm- Hmmmm..."

Then came a rhythm of trembling low moans. Like a series of electrical sparks surfing beneath her skin, she jolted as he bit her nipples, nimbling them with tender care as he squeezed both breasts like ripened lemons.

Despite the torturous pleasure, Talia pressed his head to her chest, unwilling to let go.

"Ahhhh–." she moaned.

"Argh." Groaning in pleasure as he rubbed his hard brother against her thighs, Max freed one of his hands and lowered it to trail down Talia’s waist. Roaming the band of her cheeky shorts, he fumbled with it till he was able to unclasp the single button that secured the treasure within.

Also sensing his hand, Talia arched her waist and let him slide it down.

"Hmmm–"

"Mmmmm- "

Under their heated breath, the shorts were taken off.

Max acted swiftly, flipping everything he wore in mere seconds. He grabbed his shaft, and lowered his knees.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 199: -Home Alone with Talia-⁴***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahhhh–" Talia gasped, the edge of her lips quaking with lust and pleasure.

Although she couldn’t see it, the feel of Max tip sliding between her petals before withdrawing was a torturous and exciting experience.

’A real dick.’ she thought, but then...

’thissssssss... Why is he so big?’

Not only was Max cock in its hardest form, the seething heat from it sent a blissful chill through her.

Biting her lips to soften her moan, Talia’s eyelids trembled. This time she felt Max insert the whole of the tip and...

"Ahhhh" she gasped, gripping the sheets with closed shut eyes.

’Huh?’ Finding her hole to be exceptionally tight, widening as it struggled to absorb his size, Max realized that there was no hymen.

’Isn’t she a virgin?’ Max thought, a dark frown settling in his face.

"Done this before?" He said coldly, withdrawing his thrust as he waited for her reply.

Filled with a sudden sense of loss upon hearing Max’s words, Talia subconsciously covered her face in the dark. Shaking her head negatively...

"No..." Talia said, unconcealed embarrassment in he tone as she further revealed.

"My m... I did it with a dildo."

’Is she kidding?’

Dumbfounded, an image of of Talia stripping off her shorts as she sat on her game chair to insert a rubber dick formed in his head.

Adding to the fact that she stayed indoors for as long as he knew, Max didn’t doubt her words.

’Very plausible, typical introverted self release.’

"Ahhhh-!"

Before Talia could bring herself to think about what Max thought of her. She felt the gentle teasing of his tip once more.

"Mmmmm!" She squirmed breathless, squeezing the sheets as his hand pressed her neck.

"Please... put it inside." Shuddering in bliss unable to take it any longer, Talia bit her lips as she pleaded.

In response, Max moved his hand from her neck and softly fondled her breasts. Lightly caressing her skin down to her waist he held her waist and slowly guided his cock between both folds.

"Ahhhhh!" Talia gasped sharply both from pleasure and the size of Max’s monstrosity inside her.

"Argh." Max also let out of a bliss groan, inhaling a deep breath to ease the pleasure of her tightness.

Slowly pulling out, he thrusted back in, burying about four inches inside her.

"Ahhhh... ahhh... ahhh..." Talia cried softly from the pleasure as Max created a steady pace, making sure he wasn’t deep enough to make pain course through her.

’A minimum of two inches and maximum of four.’ Max calculated, thinking to himself that even Mrs Dalia could barely take him during their first conscious intercourse.

Following Talia’s ceaseless whimper under his body as he spread her legs,carefully thrusting into her–

"Ahhhhhhhh!" She moaned, shuddering as a wave of fragrance juice flowed out of her clit.

Sensing her freez, Max silently pulled out his cock and began to beat her clitoris once more.

Much more clear-headed than she had been, Talia felt Max’s big member and nervously bit her lips before...

"Mmmm- Can I touch it?" Following a soft whimper, Talia asked, her voice filled with lustful curiosity which Max wasn’t going to refuse.

"Yes." Max replied, already caressing her breasts , tracing her skin till he found her arm which he then held her palm and directed it towards the base of his monstrousity.

"Argghh!" Max let out a sudden satisfied growl feeling the coolness of her fingers wrapped around his seething cock.

However, the next instant, Talia suddenly let go of it with a startled yelp.

"It got harder and bigger." She whispered which in turn made Max speechless.

Even in the darkness he imagined her current expression and suddenly felt amused

Smirking, "Because it got excited by your hand. Touch it again."

Directing her palm to his dick once more, this time Talia held it still. Feeling it throb and nod within her hand with a probably speechless expression.

"It like... it has a life and thoughts of its own." She whispered.

For the first time resting the urge not to burst out laughing Max wondered how how their shared sexual passion turned into a discovery in dark session.

"Stroke it and see." Max suggested deriving a new sense of pleasure from her naivety.

"Okay."

The sheet ruffled as she sat up properly.

"Arrrggh!"

Just like he said, Talia curiously stroked him, her palm delicate and cold, felt the pumped veins that traced his dick like worms.

While he clenched his fist, inhaling deeply from the sensation of her soft strokes. Talia was filled with more amazement.

Compared to the rubber dicks which her mom bought for me, the feel of real dick was on a whole other level. That said that Max’s size was as incredible as those pornstars.

"Mmmmm, good, very good"

Hearing Max’s words, Talia’s cheeks flushed and she felt motivated to please him more.

Thinking she remembered all she’d read about the male organs, and grabbed Max’s balls.

"Arrrggh... Mmmmm." Max growled and almost wanted to cum but resisted the urge.

Talia continued stroking and rubbing his balls while listening to his groans with flushed cheeks until she suddenly realised something...

Amidst his blissful groans,

"Can I suck it?" Talia asked.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200: -Home Alone with Talia-⁵***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Cold, foreign, slick and wet. This was what Max felt as her tongue rubbed the cap of his shaft, licking away the juice and precum.

Resisting the urge to growl in bliss Max took a relatively long breath to ease his thrill.

However, Talia’s curiosity didn’t die there.

She placed her nose on his dick and took a deep whiff of it like it was her favourite blunt.

With tender care, she softly stroked it down to the base as if to measure it before wrapping her other hand around the cap.

Closing his eyes shut in deep pleasure, Max felt it.

Her saliva cooling him off and her teeth pressed his gritty meat.

"Hmmmm-" having her mouth filled to the brim, Talia’s breath pace began to intensify.

"Hmmmmmmmm-" she moaned, propping herself to a better position and then slowly began moving her head back and forth.

"Argh!" Max groaned deeply, feeling her teeth brush his veins over and over again and causing him to feel numb.

To contain the pleasure, he clenched his fist and silently gritted his teeth.

Sensing Max’s reaction, a smug, jubilant feeling bloomed in Talia’s heart as she imagined his current expression.

’Eyes closed. Face scrunched with perverted satisfaction?’ Talia thought struggling to contain half of his size in her mouth without daring to let it slide down her throat.

"Hmmm- hmmm– hmmmm- " she repeatedly huffed, hastening her pace with her fingers wrapped right around the base of Max’s cock.

Ushering more saliva to smoothen her pace, it soon mixed with Max’s precum and began to drool down her chin.

About ten minutes in, with no sign of what she held reducing in size while her hands increasingly weighed from the burden. Sucking every drop of precum and licking every girth—

"Stop, you can’t make me release that way." Max suddenly said, taking Talia’s hands from his shaft as he withdrew his cock from her mouth.

Hearing this, Talia felt dismayed by her inability to make him cum and couldn’t mutter any word feeling a little shamed.

However–

"Cow girl... let’s do cowgirl." she blurted, biting her lips in defiance.

Silence brewed for a second, and then Max replied,

"...okay."

Following his abrupt reply, the ruffling of sheets sounded in the darkness.

Like two blind couples with sharp perspectives, Max guided Talia’s palm to wrap around his rigid rod while he laid down.

"Mmmmm-" The subtle sound of her laboured breath lingered in the air.

Easily navigating from Max’s thighs up to the upper part of his body, Talia sat over him.

With knowledge and her artificial practice with a toy, she raised her body and directed the tip of his rod to her enclosure.

Lowering it slowly as she guided it in.

"Ahhhhhhhh" Talia moaned. Having just taken in half of Max, she was at her limit, suffering from both pain and pleasure at the same time.

"Hmmmm-" she shuddered and slowly began humping him.

Just like that a rhythm was established.

Deprived of the sight of her jingling boobs, Max grabbed both of her tits and roughly fondled them.

"Ahhhhhhhh, yessssss!" Talia moaned, grabbing his hands to squeeze them tighter.

"Yesss! Yesss! Yesss!"

Squeezing her boobs like she wanted, Talia increased the depth at which she was able to take him in.

No longer satisfied with just his hands, Talia lowered her chest to his face and guided her nipple into his mouth.

"Hmmmmmmmm-" she shook as he bit her nipples, orgasming the next moment.

Wrapping his hand around Talia while she released her juice upon his cock, Max raised her ass a little and began to thrust upward.

...

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh —-!!!!"

Feeling Max’s repeated intrusion in the midst of her climax Talia breathlessly inhaled and her moans became whimpers of pleasure.

Yet that wasn’t all. Wanting to thrust faster and harder.

Max turned her over in a swoop, spread her legs and dove his face between her chest. Sucking both nipples as he kept thrusting.

In the room only Talia’s soft whimpers could be heard, her mouth unable to close and her hands softly rubbing his ball sack.

"Harder! Harder! Harder!" She whimpered, jolted by every thrust from Max that sent bliss through her.

Her moans and the claps of Max’s thrust played on for fifteen minutes. Having climaxed three times so far, Talia felt a little numb from the bliss, whilst Max felt himself reaching the peak of pleasure.

"...do you know what doggy is?" Max asked, after deciding it was best they spoke more to increase the thrill.

"Yes." Talia responded, feeling excited.

"Okay let’s do it."

Raising to her knees, Talia bent on all fours with shaky arms.

Grabbing hold of her waist Max guided himself to her inner walls and resumed from where he stopped even spanking her ass in between.

"Yessss-!"

"Hmmmmmmmm-!"

"Ahhhhh!"

Unable to bear the force of his thrusts, Talia’s arms tiredly gave up and her face crashed into the pillows, stifling her moans thereof.

However, when she felt Max’s thrusts slamming harder and faster, she struggled and managed to raise her face from the pillow.

"Ahhhh! Please... ahhh-! I want to... Hmmm–. Taste it... Hmmm–, your sperm." Despite the interruption, she managed to complete her sentence. However, it was almost too late. Already pulling out to not get his neighbour’s daughter pregnant, Max heard her words and quickly yanked her up to face him just before the first wave shot out.

"Ahh–"

Following her light yelp from her arm being yanked, Talia froze upon feeling something hot and sticky spill on her face.

Not once, twice or thrice. About five shots in total.

’It tastes like candy?’

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 201: - New Quest -*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hmmm-" "Smooch!" "Smooch!"

Talia moaned, squirming in bliss as Max kissed her boobs, his hands grabbing her soft butt while his fiery breath traced her neck, drilling warmth through her skin.

"Ahhhh–, Mmmm- yessss-!"

Then she gasped for the final time, feeling his fingers slide inside her, triggering her fifth climax.

"Hmmm– Mmmm"

Heaving roughly, they both laid in silence, staring into the darkness with their palms locked.

Beep!

Suddenly, the whole room lit up with brightness, banishing the darkness.

"Ahh."

Max’s eyes shut open at the same time, hearing Talia’s soft yelp.

His neck tilted to the side and his eyes caught her tainted cheeks.

Appearing awkward, she slowly withdrew her hand from his dick like a thief caught in the act due to the sudden illumination by the light, shrinking her neck to avoid his eyes.

However, Max, feeling a spike of thrill from this gesture of hers, decided he wasn’t going to let her go.

Therefore, before Talia could react, he caught her hand and wrapped it around his limp member, triggering its erection process.

"Ahhh," Talia yelped, her hand freezing but soon relaxing a few seconds later, carefully wrapping her fingers around it.

"Hmmm–" Max groaned, sensing her curious touch, checking him out.

A minute passed; now fully erect but without firm rigidity, Max held Talia’s chin and softly kissed her before saying—

"Stroke it." He whispered into her mouth, the humming vibration causing Talia to jerk from pleasure as she obeyed his command.

Following that, Talia took it upon herself to straddle him.

However, due to their burning desires already half spent, it lacked intensity but presented a whole new experience: casual sex. Not only was the experience surreal, Max also managed to cum quite earlier than he would.

After two more rounds, trying two other positions, both were drained. Max had his hand wrapped around Talia’s waist while she snuggled close to his chest, listening to the steady throb of his heartbeat.

’Could he have thought it was ever possible?’ Max, upon realizing how his predecessor idolized Talia, felt a faint tug of wistfulness.

’It would have been surreal, innit?’

His palm leisurely rubbed her waist, tracing down to her thighs as he willed for the system’s muted prompts to appear.

[Ding! Ding!]

[Congratulations! Host has completed a twisted Taboo.]

[Granting Rewards...]

[Ding!]

[Host has triggered an Accomplishment Rate Evaluation...]

[Ding!]

[Hidden Reward triggered]

[Evaluating...]

[Target: Talia.

<Position: Neighbour’s Daughter x10>

[Location: Neighbours Home Bedroom x10]

[Evaluation Complete: SS]

[x20 Rewards... of Points and Stats.]

[100 Promotion Points: x30 Rewards]

[3000 Promotion Points]

[SS Ranked Taboo Student

Promotion Points: 53,650 / 100,000.]

[0.1 Stat Point... x30 Rewards.]

[3 Stat Points.]

[Hidden Reward: S Taboo Quest]

[Ding!]

[S Taboo Quest: Daddy to my Neighbour and Her Daughter.

Rewards: ? ? ?]

Max’s breath hitched, and Talia, who was listening to his heartbeats, also noticed the minute increase in its pace.

Curious, she raised her head slightly and tilted to see Max’s dazed eyes, as if he was lost in deep thought.

’Just what kind of stuff is he imagining that thrills him,’ she thought, and quietly resumed her previous position.

Not far from what she thought, Max was currently filled with thrill. However, his perspective of his surroundings was clear; his dazed eyes were just an illusion cast by the holographic screen.

’A threesome Quest involving Mrs. Dalia and Talia-?’ Max thought in wonder, doubtful as he read the words again.

Not that it never crossed his mind, but the prospect of his charm winning over Mrs. Dalia’s love for Talia didn’t seem possible.

The former’s obsessive care for her daughter was never hidden to begin with. Letting her daughter receive the same dick she sucked was probably against her every boundary.

’Such a hard Quest... We’ll see.’

Deciding not to dwell further, Max briefly swept his pupils across stats and zoned back in.

Silence reigned in the room as they basked in the warmth of shared skin contact.

Eventually, they both got up and had a shower together.

Talia holding onto the wall while being thrusted from behind as the water drizzled down on their bodies, followed by moans and claps of flesh.

You could very well imagine the scene.

When they were done, Talia offered Max one of her boyish shirts, which he refused. Grabbing one of her unused towels instead, he put on his clothes and offered to prepare something, which she then offered to help with.

So there they were, making something to eat.

The sizzling cries of potatoes being deep-fried filled the kitchen under Max’s control while Talia brought out the dishes and hot sauce.

Under their silent understanding of each other, everything was quickly made, eaten, and cleaned up.

That said, it had been five fun, erotic hours since he was away from his own home.

Soon, Mrs. Dalia would return, according to Talia, who seemed so happy about something but chose not to say much.

Just then, Max’s phone buzzed, signaling he either had a call or text.

Glancing at the display of the caller’s identity, Max raised his brows slightly when he saw it was the Estate security line.

Under Talia’s curious eyes, he placed the phone close to his ears.

"Good day, Mister Max, you’ve got a package and the sender wants to give it in person. Elite Metropolitan," said a deep professional voice from the other end of the phone.

"Yes, let them in," Max replied promptly.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 202: - The Thoughtful Provost -*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sun had gone dim, inclined to the west as it shined warmly upon the water fountain. Its fading light spread across the lawn when he arrived.

Just across the driveway of his house, a lady with a briefcase in her hand stood with professional composure, appearing piqued as she cast her gaze upon the many features of the estate.

Slender, auburn hair and a promising tea body shape.

’She does have good taste.’

Complimenting the Provost’s taste in women, Max silently approached the lady, to which she soon tilted towards him upon hearing his footsteps.

She spoke first, their eyes meeting.

"Good evening, sir. Are you Mister Max by any chance?"

"Yes," Max responded as he came to a halt.

"Very well. I would like you to place your thumb on this box in order to confirm your identity and also unlock its content."

She spoke frankly, raising up the briefcase to show him the inbuilt fingerprint scanner it had.

Lifting his thumb, Max placed it on the scanner and quietly waited for a brief second.

Click!

A soft click of mechanism being released rang in the air, at which Max withdrew his thumb and the lady nodded before parting open the box.

Gleaming sharply under the fading evening sun, the contents of the briefcase were revealed: a star insignia centred by a tiny glimmering diamond and a plain dark gold card next to it.

’What a sight.’

Looking more closely, Max realised that platinum star was far worth than the tiny diamond which would cost about two hundred dollars.

"The insignia is equipped with a built-in GPS tracker and an integrated camera. Access to the recorded data is restricted solely to you and can be retrieved by removing its secure chip, allowing you to provide evidence when necessary."

The lady suddenly said, her voice carrying strict professionalism as her cold eyes seemed to observe his expression before nodding.

"Never take it off during field lessons," she further added, making Max realize the gravity of the training Elites go through.

"Okay." He responded nonchalantly, confident in his ability to survive.

Seemingly disappointed by his reaction, the lady appeared piteous for a slight moment and resumed her formal look.

"The card can be used to check your S points and also access your practical lesson class, extending to other uses... Always have it close by."

Click!

She closed the briefcase and handed it over to him.

"Thanks."

Max proceeded to take it from her.

"I was asked to send you my room design outline. However, I don’t have it with me at the moment.

Anything ash/gray with a mix of black should be okay. The structure is up to you," Max explained, earning an understood nod from the lady.

Apparently, they were done and Max was about to turn and walk away when the lady spoke up once more with strict professionalism.

"I was ordered to serve your other needs if you wanted anything extra."

’Huh?’

Max halted, his expression intrigued, showing he was caught off guard.

’How thoughtful of her.’

"The Provost?" he turned to say after a brief silent pause.

To his words, the lady said no word but stood there, her silence confirming his assumption.

Even after his sex-athon with Talia, Max was slightly turned on by the prospect, despite his sexual desires being almost a hundred percent satisfied at the moment.

His eyes lingered on the lady’s waist to her chest, her suit hiding everything except her neckline. For a moment Max was about to decline but then had an epiphany on what to do.

And at this thought, his little big brother was beginning to transform.

His eyes briefly scanned the estate asphalt road and the two buildings at each side. With no sign of any incoming vehicle, he concluded that Talia would be in her room at the moment. When he glanced at the other duplex, he saw that most of the windows were open but with no one in sight.

’Extra service uh?’

"Unbutton your jacket."

Max said to the lady, his cold nonchalant eyes glinting with thrill as he stepped forward.

In reaction, the lady jerked slightly in surprise upon seeing Max’s unsettling eyes before biting her lips to hide her shame.

This was the Provost’s order. Although she had no idea why her boss wanted to curry favour from such a young boy, she didn’t dare disobey.

Acting with professionalism, the shame of having to open her jacket and unveil her portable twins before a sophomore was quietly discarded.

Feeling his lust being reignited, Max watched as she unbuttoned her jacket, then her dress shirt, revealing two moderate boobs that were hidden by a black lace bra.

’Quite the taste for someone who adheres so much to corporate rules.’ Max thought, but his legs had begun to move. A second later there was barely five inches between them as he gazed into her eyes. Half a head taller, his lips curled into a smirk as he dropped the briefcase and placed his arm around her waist, while moving his other hand to slip her bra down.

She appeared to shiver when his thumb brushed past her pointed tips, but gritted her teeth and maintained eye contact.

This was just the beginning though.

In the broad sunset of the estate, Max began to massage her breasts and ass.

"Hmmm–" It only took the second brush of his thumb to break her defences. Tightly grabbing her ass, she further moaned.

"Hmmmm- Hmmmm- Hmmmmmmmm-" subtle sultry breaths that could pull the heartstrings of lust within any man. Max enjoyed the sultry lullaby for a while and then suddenly let go.

Before the lady could grasp the feeling of loss from the absence of his palm, she felt herself being lifted upward and subconsciously wrapped her legs around him. Her boobs pressed against his face and he gladly nibbled one of her pointed tips.

"Ahhh!" A sharp gasping moan echoed through the surrounding space, signalling the start of a poetic gesture.

It was until Max felt satisfied that he dropped her down and pulled out his thumping big member.

"A little extra needed here."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 203: - Evelyn’s promotion-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"A little extra needed here," he said, making the Lady freeze in shock at the sight of the nine inches thick meat held in his palm.

Silence drifted through the air for a second before being broken by Max with an act of waving his dick to break the lady’s eyes.

"Hmmm–."

Inhaling a short gasp after being thrown out of her dazed state, the Lady’s cheeks flushed in embarrassment. However, acting with professionalism, she managed to recover and went down on her knees.

Her soft palm wrapped around his hefty seething cock and then softly stroked it with quite the experience before slurping it inside her mouth.

"Argh!" Max let out a groan of pleasure feeling the warmth of her mouth envelope his dick and her tongue lick his cap like a pop stick.

Smooch! Smooch! Smooch! She began sucking with unexpected precision that made Max want to take over and drill down her throat. And as to which, he did.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

Grabbing her hair, Max thrusted inside her mouth, refilling her lungs with seething warm air that caused a slurping, suffocated, gag sound.

"Ahhh! Kpa! Ahhh! Kpa!..."

The sound reverberated continuously until he eventually felt the slight tingle of his balls, slowing down as he spilled every drop on her face and breast.

Slapping her chin with his limp thick meat a few times, he tucked up his pants and gave the deserted estate a sweeping glance.

"I’m done," he said to the Lady as he glanced down at her, taking note of her slutty eyes that pleaded for him to turn her over and treat her like his little bitch. However, Max felt dismissive and ignored it.

Struggling to get on her feet, the Lady bowed slightly.

"I’m glad you’re satisfied then."

To her words, Max resumed his previous posture as he responded with a nod.

Taking the clue that Max wasn’t going to fuck her, the Lady embarrassedly walked towards her car, and Max watched her drive off. Turning to the driveway...

"Wait, where is my Lambo?"

...

"Well, you should have seen it. I am not kidding."

"As if. You say that all the time."

"Oh really? When?"

"Help me out on this one, Viv. Didn’t she say the same thing last time Sedric proposed his feelings for her?"

"Yup, she definitely did."

"Gosh, you guys are annoying."

Hearing the faint laughter from the other girls, all lounging in toon PJ’s with their nipples boldly outlined through the fabric, Brielle crushed the can in her hand and threw it inside the bin at the other edge of the dystopian room.

"3 points." She smiled in triumph, pairing open another can.

In contrast to the merry atmosphere, unnoticed, Evelyn, who sat on the bed with a similar can in her hand as she dazedly stared at her phone screen, the chatter in the room momentarily turning distant and fading in the background. Suddenly, she leaped high.

"Oh my! Oh my goodness," she screamed at the top of her lungs, dropping her phone in excitement.

Caught by the unexpected scream, the other girls quickly launched to grab the phone.

Being so close, Alicia managed to grab it first, dropping it in surprise a second later as Viv picked it up. The cycle went on repetitively until the whole room was dipped in absolute silence. All eyes on Evelyn, whose breath hung and couldn’t voice out any sound.

"Yesss!" They all burst into an abrupt shout, wrapping their arms around each other with Evelyn at the center.

Abandoned, the cracked screen of the phone lit with a congratulating email.

(Congratulations on your Promotion... Dear Evelyn Rider...)

All throughout the Elite base, approximately seven o’clock, gasps and chatter broke out as words spread of the sudden change in ranking. The disappearance of the fifth-ranked SS Elite gave a spark to the atmosphere.

...

"How come? How did you do it?"

"You’ve met the requirement before, Livia baby. I didn’t expect."

In the midst of joy, each of the girls expressed their desire not to be left behind and couldn’t quite grasp why Evelyn was promoted, skipping the four people before her.

"I honestly don’t know. I just don’t." Seeming overwhelmed, Evelyn squeezed Emma into a hug, their boobs shaking slightly from the aftermath.

Ding! Ding!

Just the doorbell rang, causing the room to fall quiet. With slight frowns on their faces, Vivian walked towards the door to check the video intercom.

"Shit, it’s the lady from earlier," she cursed, quickly signaling that Evelyn come forward.

When the door opened, they were greeted by the sight of the stunning Lady in a corporate outfit patiently waiting.

"Hi—" Evelyn greeted, trying not to express her joy.

"Hi, the Provost wants to see you. Change into something else and follow me," she said, as Evelyn nodded in response.

"Okay."

In the next three minutes, Evelyn withstood the amazed attention of several Elites before arriving before the Provost. Taking on a refined, confident composure as she laid out the family’s prepared proposal, Evelyn was later left surprised by the Provost’s lack of refusal to any of it.

Stifling her surprise nonetheless, they discussed her progression, where she would be assigned, and other matters.

...

"I’ve got to tell him."

"Hey guys, I have to lodge at home tonight," Evelyn said to her group of friends as she entered the room, breaking the news that she would be spending her last night at home.

After a few heartfelt shared moments, Alicia offered to drive her home.

...

"Hey, bro."

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 204: -Unexpected guest-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was all shade of black outside when Mrs. Dalia finally decided to end her thank you call after suggesting she came over but was quickly rejected by Max who thought she would pick her daughter’s scent off him using the so-called woman’s intuition.

Shaking his head in silence as he recalled the system Quest, Max imagined how it would be to fuck both mother and daughter.

’Truly...’

Unscrewing the bottle cap as he sat on the couch tirelessly, Max was just glancing at the functional wall clock when he heard the door beep, signaling it was open.

Tilting his head, he saw Evelyn in a purple jacket over her pajamas walk inside.

"Hey bro." She beamed, motioning her hand towards him as she made way to reveal another figure walk in.

"Huh?"

Just as he was baffled by her unannounced arrival, he was stunned by the tall Asian beauty next to her, looking slightly nervous for an unknown reason as she met his eyes.

’Alicia?’

That said, this was the first time Evelyn ever brought anyone inside their home.

A little skeptical, Max silently composed himself.

"Mmm"

Acting warm, he greeted the other with a nod and shared his sister a silent glance while standing up.

"Welco-" he was halfway through when Evelyn rushed towards him with her arms wide open, leaping onto him.

Fortunately he reacted on time and caught her between his arms.

She wrapped arms around his neck, her legs clinging onto him like she wanted to squeeze the life out of him.

Though speechless by how she outwardly expressed their familial bond before her friend, Max nevertheless reciprocated and wrapped his arms around her, even pressing up her ass to hold her still.

"Hmmm."

After five minutes of squeezing the warmth out of him, Evelyn finally detached herself from him.

Holding his hands, she excitedly revealed the source of her joy.

"I’ve become an SSS Elite." she said, leaving Max stunned.

’She agreed?’ Max thought pretending to be surprised, whilst his thoughts wandered to the Provost’s unexpected actions.

"How though?" He asked his gaze flickering between her and her Asian friend who already sat on the couch while pretending to check out the house.

Following his gaze to the cold, nonchalant Alicia, Evelyn raised both shoulders and stretched her hands to both sides.

"That’s what I also don’t know. I skipped ranking and got promoted." she said expressing how clueless she was to the reason behind.

Listening to her, the corners of Max’s mouth twitched.

"So how are things now?" He voiced in concern, a little curious as to how things had set out for her.

"Well..." letting go of his hands, Evelyn turned and walked into the kitchen.

"Let me get something for Alicia, I’ll be back." she said.

"Okay."

Left alone with the cold Korean girl, Max felt unusually awkward considering they’ve both shared a drink and were about dancing together before he abandoned her.

"I have been meaning to apologize..." Max paused, letting his words quell the awkwardness before continuing.

"...for ditching the dance that night."

Followed by a pin drop silence as his eyes lingered on her. Alicia speechlessly tore her gaze from the TV and turned to him.

"Oh, I understand. Anyone would react like that in such a situation. It’s nothing really." She beamed a cool smile.

"Okay, thanks." Max responded swiftly after little consideration.

Although she hid it, he felt she was somehow relieved of something but couldn’t exactly tell what it was.

From the kitchen the rhythmic sound of knife chopping echoed through the air.

Grabbing his phone, Max was just about to turn it on when Alicia spoke up again.

"I also want to apologize for my brother’s inappropriate actions earlier." She turned to him, her eyes drifting to his as they both maintained eye contact.

"Oh, it’s nothing, there’s no need to." Max responded, not resisting the force of attraction between them.

"Okay then. So you still owe me a dance?" she smiled in a sultry way that hinted otherwise.

Picking up the hint, Max didn’t disappoint.

"Sure, when do you want it?" He flirted, letting his gaze wander.

However, just then Evelyn arrived with a small tray of sliced apples in hand causing the both of them to turn towards her.

"It would be better to have these while I narrate."

Picking a slice as she sat beside Alicia, she began to tell them about her future for the next six months.

"It’s mostly about field experience. I’ll be working at the most advanced science labs across the world from now henceforth..."

From stating that she would be leaving tomorrow, to how she would miss her friends and brother, the room fell into still silence as they all explored their thoughts.

"Max, can I talk to you privately, up in my room?" Evelyn suddenly said, throwing an apologetic look at Alicia who nodded that she was cool with it.

Seeing this, Max stood up after muttering an okay and followed behind her as she strided up the stairs, unsuspecting of anything until they got to her room.

Turning on the light as he stepped inside, Evelyn turned and winked, seductively moving close till her chest pressed against him.

"You know brother, I’ll be gone for a long time and I can’t help but feel my heart ache at the thought of being stripped of this—" letting out a sultry breath, she grabbed his dormant member through his pants causing it to reinvigorate.

"How about a goodbye fuck?" She whispered.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 205: - Good bye-¹***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"How about a good bye fuck?"

Max’s breath grew heavy as his lust became ignited by these words.

However, still retaining his sense of self he quickly realized something.

Evelyn’s palm tightened around his crotch when he suddenly held it still, forcing her to look into his eyes.

"But you brought home a visitor who is currently on the couch." He growled, his eyes questioning if she was stupid.

"Alicia? Her hearing’s a little bad. She won’t hear a single word, I’ll be as low as I can be." She whispered back, freeing her hand from his grip the next moment.

"For now, please let’s do- hmmmm"

She quickly slid one hand inside his pants, grabbing the fresh seething cucumber and pulled it out.

It bounced, settling in the soft cool embrace of her palm as she roughly stroked it.

Devouring her lips as he consumed her moaning breath down his throat to hush her down, Max willed on the system screen to appear. The corners of his eyes shuffling through as he willed to purchase a new item despite the pang he felt about it.

[Willing to purchase Adamantine Rod?]

’Yes.’ Max answered with thoughts, his mouth entangled in a heated battle of tongues with his sister who behaved like a bitch in heat, completely all over him like he was her source of oxygen.

[New active skill: Adamantine Rod purchased.]

’It’s a skill?’

Surprised, Max’s breath hitched as he heard the voice inside his head, easing the passionate kiss to read the holographic screen.

[Adamantine Rod: Boost performance rate by 1000% till the user is completely spent.]

[Effect: Stamina and hardness overdrive.]

[Side Effect: Once used user stats drops by 75% for the next 12 hours, then recovers by 5% once every 1 hour.

Hormones would be temporarily shut down for a whole day...]

’Fuck that. Activate.’

Unable to read through the long lines of side effect, Max threw all measure to the wind eager to fuck Evelyn senseless like she wanted.

’If I hadn’t slept with Talia, I would still have more than the required energy-’

"Argh!" A ripple of shock suddenly shot through Max’s body, releasing a wave of adrenaline.

His perspective sharpened, not by sight or hearing but by the feel of his skin. Every strand of hair as he gripped Evelyn’s hair could be incredibly felt.

"Ahhhhhhhh." Suddenly Evelyn let out a sharp gasping moan, jolting as she heaved in pleasure and her grip over his mighty shaft tightened with more ferocity.

Seemingly overwhelmed by hunger, Evelyn forced her lips from his captivity. Going down on her knees, she hungrily stroked his cock and pushed her lips past the plum robust cap.

"Ahhhhh!" Overwhelmed by the great pleasure due to enhanced feel of skin, Max groaned, thrown into ecstasy by the warm, slippery squish of her tongue and lips pressing hard on his dick.

Wanting to stop her, he grabbed two handfuls of her hair pulling it but Evelyn refused to let go.

"Hmmmmmmmm-" she let out a sultry breath, drawing back her head to reveal his half-lubricated being that glistened under the light.

Saliva and thick precum.

Taking a deep breath, he watched as his sister took it like a big pop stick, licking it right from the base to the head before shoving it back inside her mouth. Stroking his shaft as she puffed out cum saliva from the edge of her lips, seemingly struggling to breathe.

"Hmmmm=€€$¥..mmb" she let out gagged breath, breathing heavily as she stroked, kissed and sucked both balls.

"Argh!" Max groaned in pleasure, closing his eyes shut as he bore the amplified pleasure.

At this moment, the thought and recognition that there was a guest in the house was long buried in the sea of bliss.

Groaning in bliss as his sister sucked his cock like a slutty bitch, he could no longer endure it and pulled her hair.

"Ahhhh– " Evelyn yelped in pain mixed with pleasure. Like a submissive daddy’s girl, she awaited his blessings.

One, two.

Splurt!

For the first time Max heard it...

A web of cum shot and dropped down on his sister’s face.

Then came the second and third wave.

When he was done, Max given time to breathe.

Opening his eyes, Evelyn’s cum filled face welcomed him.

Cum trailing down her chin, her jacket was already off so it trailed between her cleavage. Her pajamas still on.

"Argh"

"Mmmmm mm"

Max groaned and his sister responded with a ravaged breath of her own.

"My treat little brother."

Smiling as she licked off the cum on her cheeks, straining out her tongue to reach her chin even. Her eyes glowed at his erection.

Momentarily stunned due to the amplified sensation he felt through his skin. Max heaved.

Revealing a slutty smile, Evelyn extended her hand to reveal a wrist band which she then used to tie her hair into a bun before standing.

"Let me handle you this time."

The moment her words reached his ears, she pushed him on the bed, not resisting Max fell in one swoop. Appearing dazed by something.

’How is this possible?’

The thoughts echoed but his eyes remained glued on his sister.

Evelyn’s smile turned naughtier noticing this.

Sticking her finger between her peaks, she scooped off a small portion of cum and sucked it, licking her lips afterwards.

Massaging her boobs through the fabric of her pajamas for him to see. She pressed them hard, highlighting her cleavage as she began to rip it.

From the neckline, more of her cleavage was slowly revealed. Revealing a trail of cum that extended further to her navel.

Watching his cum accumulate there, Max’s rigid hard cock throbbing eager to launch. But restraining himself he endured the sweet torture.

When the top was finally torn apart, Evelyn revealed her hard straight pointed nipples eager to be sucked.

Gritting his teeth at this sight, Max heaved.

"Here." Noticing his tempted glint in his eyes, Evelyn held out her boobs towards him.

Smirking as she slid off the remainder of her pajamas, she was left in a green embroidered thong underwear. Her exquisite features perfectly exhibited.

She wanted to take off the thong but was stopped by a growl from Max.

Smiling at this, she seductively went on all fours as she climbed up the bed. Straddling him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 206: -Good bye-²***(a guest)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Under Evelyn’s guidance, his seething rod was carefully directed to her entrance. Shifting her panties, his tip was just a hair away from being pushed inside her cunt.

Both stilled in pleasure, their eyes filled with heated passion, biting her lips seductively—

"Hmmmmmmmm-!" Evelyn suddenly let out a long, exhausted breath of primal pleasure.

Sliding down, every inch drew her lungs empty of air, a wave of sporadic bliss shooting through her body system.

Halting halfway descent, Evelyn shook and quivered, hitting her climax as a wave of white nectar trailed down his balls.

"Ahhhhhhhh" she gasped, moaning as she steadied her hands on his chest.

"This... I’ve never felt like this before Max." She managed to mutter through her uneven rhythm.

Watching his sister’s flushed face and lustful eyes, Max gritted his teeth trying to ease the enhanced sensation of her tight walls squirming against his flesh.

"Argghhhh!"

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

Unfortunately, Evelyn took his silence for not doing a good job and hoisted her body up before slamming her ass down.

With more ferocity than before she held his chest firm and began to slam down on him. Moaning out loud as the smack of their flesh reverberated through the house.

"Yessss-! Max! Max! Max! Yesss!"

"Hmmmm- ahhhhhh- hmmmm- yess!"

She shouted out his name several times, bringing up his hands that held steady to her waist up to her breasts.

Knowing what to do, Max cupped both bouncing tits in his palms and began to fondle them roughly.

Spiked by the euphoria, Evelyn’s moan got louder.

Shouting out "yes" repeatedly as she rode him hard and tight. Making sure she reached the base most times despite the pain that accompanied taking his full spear.

Not long after, her hands gave way and her boobs fell straight to his face.

After latching one nipple into his mouth, she expectedly started to quiver, spasming heavily as she laid atop his body. Her pussy walls unclenching and tightening to the rhythm of her breath.

Lost in the euphoria and bliss brought by Max’s cock embedded into her honeypot, fulfilling her every fantasy, Evelyn’s eyes lost focus.

Meanwhile unable to bear the torture of his amplified feel, Max freed the suppressed fervor and impatience in his heart.

Fwoop!

Totally unaware and oblivious, Evelyn felt herself being hoisted up into the air, a brief feeling of weightless overwhelming her. Forcing her eyes open, she saw herself being slammed down on her bed.

And the perpetrator? Max.

Drawing his sister close to the bed’s edge, he spread her legs wide and positioned his cock right at her entrance.

Barely grasping sight of direction and just being relieved of the seething rod inside her, she felt Max’s savage thrust, pushing deep inside, and directly hitting her womb.

"Ahhhhh!" Evelyn’s eyes shot open, jerking from the electrical shock that ran down her spine in that moment, her whole body temporarily felt numb. Her insides quaking from the strength of Max’s thrust.

Short of breath, Evelyn felt Max press her throat, halfway suffocating her as he held up her other leg and began thrusting with might.

Completely dominated, Evelyn’s pupils rolled to the back, revealing whitish eyes.

"Ahhhhhhhh!" Moaning sharply, her fingers dug deep into his skin.

"Who am I to you?"

Consumed by lust Max’s eyes glinted sharply as he pressed his sister down, thrusting hard and dominantly that the bed shook from the force.

"... Max." Struggling to breathe, Evelyn whimpered, her face completely flushed pink and purple from the suffocation and pleasure.

"Bad girl."

Temporarily easing his thrust, Max slowed down with strict gaze locking in her eyes.

Consumed by fear, Evelyn trembled and realized that she fucked up.

"...Da- Ahhhhhhhh!" However, before she could correct herself, Max thrusted hard and deep. From the dilation of her pupils, there was no doubt he struck her g-spot, almost cleaving her womb.

"Who am I?" Max asked again, his breath like a predator’s ready to deal with his prey.

"...D..D.. Daaa.. Daddy..."

Like a cat’s whimper, Evelyn managed to muster out the word.

To her brother’s dominating temperament, she felt strangely loved by the nonchalant cold Max and inwardly happy to be his in this way.

Seeing him nod that she called him Daddy, she felt happy.

Slapping Evelyn’s slippery cunt as her orgasm drooled out, Max withdrew.

"Turn on all fours." He said authoritatively.

"Yesss Daddy." Whimpering in joy, Evelyn tried to turn but failed. Her limbs gave out to the force of her body, numb from the pleasure.

Seeing this, Max said no words and turned her over. Making her prostrate on both knees as he slipped two fingers into her slippery honeypot.

"Hmmmm-" Evelyn whimpered with every thrust of it, too numb to moan out loud yet.

A minute passed.

Bringing out his fingers to see them covered in sticky fluid, Max positioned his cock, staring at her butthole for a brief moment before plunging the cap between both petals.

"Hmmm– hmmmm- Hmmm– "

Inciting, low soft whimpers.

Max began slow as he thrusted deep into his older sister.

Wanting to feel the warmth of her skin, he bent and enveloped her in his arms.

"Hmmm– yes Daddy. Yes Daddy! Daddy I’m cumming again thrust harder"

Thrusting harder and harder, Evelyn had an eighth climax. Pulling out, Max shot his seeds over her back and ass.

When he was done his gaze became cold as it flickered between his thoroughly exhausted sister and his seething erection.

"Daddy..."

Just then, Evelyn’s whisper drew his attention.

Furrowing his brows, he followed the direction of her pointed finger and froze.

"...we have a guest."

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 207: -Goodbye-³*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"We have a guest."

It was dark outside, the sky a shade of black was supported by a half-moon.

Upon exiting the Elite building with its surroundings well illuminated, Evelyn and Alicia walked towards the waiting security guard who had brought out the latter’s car, handing over the keys.

Nodding appreciatively, they slipped into the Maserati Grancabrio Folgore.

Stepping on the acceleration, Alicia casually tossed her hair back, letting it whip in the wind as they drove past the gate.

Beside her, Evelyn leaned with closed eyes, inhaling the fresh wind with a pure look of satisfaction.

"I love this so much." She said, causing Alicia to glance over.

"What?" Alicia asked, her voice slightly pitched due to the drifting wind.

"I don’t know. The wind, the air, how it feels rushing towards my face and all." Evelyn responded, a gentle smile on her face as she glanced at her best friend’s impassive expression.

"...I guess." After a thoughtful pause, Alicia shrugged her shoulders.

"...What’s with you and your always nonchalant attitude Livia... I mean... it’s our third senior year of high school and you’re yet to have a boyfriend talkless of first kiss."

"You know what they say right? One of the best moments in life to fulfil your fantasies is either college or highschool. And neither of us will be going to college before being thrust into space."

"How does that sound?" A soft amused smile lingered on Evelyn’s face as she saw Alicia’s flustered reaction. But only for a moment before the latter masked it.

However, to Evelyn she knew much more and that her bestie was just a teen girl after all, no matter how cold and nonchalant she acted.

"... I’ll think about it." Alicia responded, refusing to glance at Evelyn knowing the kind of smile she had on her face.

"Okay."

Following that, silence ensued for about five minutes before Alicia spoke up again.

"Is there something important you want to take that you’re using your brother as an excuse to go home?" Seemingly unwrapping her innermost curiosity, Alicia turned to glance at Evelyn with a look that said "I know you’re hiding something" in her eyes.

Hearing this, Evelyn momentarily choked on air and swiftly glanced at Alicia.

However the latter refused to look away and raised one brow in a questioning manner.

"Okay, you’ve caught me."

Just as silence ensued, Evelyn gave up and turned away.

"Nothing exactly, but there’s something important I have to take..." her gaze flickering between the passersby and the beautiful night scenery, Evelyn paused.

"Riddles?" Throwing Evelyn a quick confused glance, Alicia shook her head and decided to not to chase further.

However, just then

"Can I tell you a secret?" Evelyn promptly said turning to Alicia who brushed her Asian hair to the side before before meeting her eyes.

"Secret? Sure. I thought we’ve gotten past that." A little offended, Alicia asked, frowning slightly as she steered the steering to a stop by the roadside, ignoring the glances.

"I know, I know. But this is way too serious." Evelyn said, causing Alicia to reveal a solemn look.

"... okay?" She said,

"I need one last good fuck from my brother before I leave."

Suddenly, the air froze and so did Alicia entirely.

Shocked eyes, still breathing and parted lips. The Asian completely zoned out as she tried to set the piece together in her mind.

Seeing this, Evelyn became a little nervous and quickly nudged Alicia by the shoulder, afraid that her friend was gone.

’They’ve had sex?’

Whilst, in Alicia’s own world, she tried to read Evelyn for any form of lies or maybe comedic tone in what she heard. But knowing her best friend so well, Evelyn was as honest as she could be.

So envisioning her crush and bestie coupled together as they did so many things to each other slammed into her than what Evelyn herself would expect.

Under Evelyn’s constant nudge, Alicia finally managed to recover. First by blinking rapidly then a sharp gasp, before breathing rapidly.

"What? Would you even react like this if your dad passed away?"

Stunned by Alicia’s reaction, Evelyn leaned back in slight disbelief while patting Alicia’s shoulder.

Calming down, the tension soon eased.

"You... you’ve been sleeping with your brother?"

Alicia bit her lips and said, apparently shy at the thought.

In contrast, seeing the former was back to normal, Evelyn responded with a little shy but then proud nod of her own.

"Yes... we did it." she said, her words causing Alicia to have a realization of her own.

"Wait... Do you mean, it’s him that did it first and not Ethan?"

To her friend’s realization, Evelyn frowned slightly, a little disgusted when she heard the latter’s name and promptly corrected.

"No, only him. Why do you think I would do something like that with that pig." Evelyn asked, feeling a bit wronged.

"I’m sorry, it’s a slip." Alicia agreed and promptly spoke again.

"So? I thought we all did the test last year?" She asked, expressing her confusion of where things had gone wrong.

"I know. But I’ll tell you how it began." With that said, Evelyn pressed the drop top switch drawing curtain of privacy over them away from the ears of the wind.

"First, like most aristocrats, me and my brother never really associated with each other... That night I never even knew he was at the party... We fucked, no he fucked my brains out too... His cum tastes like candy yoo... Let me tell you a deeper secret..."

From their detached past to Max’s sudden change, being competed for by their cousins. Evelyn told Alicia everything.

At some point, the scent of their arousal started to linger in the air.

"So what do you think? Should I hitch you up with him before I leave?"

In the silent interior of the Maserati Grancabrio Folgore which earned glances from passersby, two girls with eyes shimmering with lust stared at each other.

"...Yes."

"Okay. This is the plan. I’ll go in first, then enter the kitchen to get something while the two of you talk.

Knowing my brother, he probably won’t talk to you first. Sis make the move... We’ll go upstairs after that. Trust me, my moans aren’t going to be fake. Pick your cue when you think is fun and join the party."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 208: -Good-bye- ⁴**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hmmm! Ahhhh–! Ahhhhhhhh! Yesss! Yes! Yes! Yes!..."

It had barely been five minutes since Evelyn and her brother went up for a secret chat when moans and whimpers began to circulate through the house.

Staring numbly at the TV absent eyes, Alicia’s finger dug into the nearby pillow.

"It’s real... they are really doing..." she whispered, listening to Evelyn moans.

Soon her cheeks completely flushed at the imagination of what Max was doing to his sister.

Another five minutes passed, the intensity of Evelyn’s moan didn’t stop or lessen for a moment. But instead became more dirty and profane.

"Yes Daddy!"

"Ahhh! Yesss, fuck me daddy like you’re little whore!"

"Ahhh! Ahhh! Daddy! Harder!"

Followed by the sound of strong claps.

Hearing her best friend scream and beg repeatedly, Alicia’s face was completely flushed.

Unable to bear it any longer, she shakily stood up, her panties wet and her eyes shimmering with lust walked towards the steps. While maintaining every ounce of silence she could, she soon saw the wide open door of Evelyn’s room.

Walking closer, step by step she peeked her head through and her breath suddenly hitched from the sight, Alicia froze.

Evelyn knelt on the bed with her arms sprawled wide, seemingly unable to support herself to take on all fours.

Her eyes were also whitish, pupils nowhere in sight and her mouth letting out illicit moans.

Standing behind her was Max toned physique and a big rigid cock that extended for as long as nine inches.

’It is so big.’ Alicia ’thought mindlessly’ after admiring his body.

"Mmmmm-" Evelyn whimpered in pleasure, causing Alicia’s eyes to settle on Max exploring fingers soaked in Evelyn’s fluid.

He thrust in and out, dominating his sister’s cunt with his fingers alone.

’How does it even fit?’

Studying Max big cock, Alicia felt a bit terrified by the thought.

However, just then...

"Ahhhhhhhh!!! Daddy!" Evelyn came from Max fingering her.

Thinking Evelyn would be satisfied and that Max would be gentle, Alicia swallowed her saliva after realizing what Max was about to do.

He rubbed Evelyn’s fluid around his cock and positioned the tip to her entrance, sliding in with a powerful thrust that pushed Evelyn forward.

"Daddy!"

There was doubt that Max’s thrust reached her womb but Evelyn seemed to be enjoying it.

And so it began, Max began thrusting with Evelyn’s vulgar screams reverberating through the house.

Being a spectator Alicia soon started feeling jealous.

About six minutes passed, Evelyn came again with her brother’s cock inside. But this time she seemed to be at her limit.

’It’s now or never.’ taking a deep breath, Alicia stepped into the room, her hands held together with a nervous look on her face which prompted Evelyn who had long since noticed her bestie to smirk.

"... We have a guest."

Upon turning in the direction of Evelyn’s gaze, Max was stunned by the sight before him...

Alicia, slowly taking off her pajamas, revealed her snowy skin color.

Soon, when the shirt was completely off, her cupped snowy peaks in a pink bra was exposed. Followed by a wave of feminine fragrance as she slid down the pants.

’Tall, slender, and captivating.’ Max’s eyes lingered on the Asian teen, scanning her tantalizing figure as he realised what was going on.

’Was this her plan from the beginning?... Hooking me up?’ Max thought, glancing down to see Evelyn with a smirk on her face.

’I see.’

Now that she was just in her underwear, Alicia seemed lost on what to do next.

Raising her head to meet Max’s gaze, her body instinctively shuddered.

"Come." Like a beast trying to be polite with its prey while revealing its fangs and claws, Max with his outstanding erect cock dripping with his sister’s fluid, appeared polite as he motioned for Alicia to take his hand.

Weakly sprawled on the bed, Evelyn drew the wet sheet towards her, making a neat space for Alicia to sit on.

"Thank you." Alicia muttered awkwardly as she sat next to Evelyn sprawled figure.

’She’s still a virgin’ from this, Max confirmed his suspicion which led him to act cautious in the first place. If anything, what he wanted was never to leave a bad first time experience.

Despite being in a over drive state, he quickly leashed his wanton desires and appeared polite.

For a while, after endless screams and shouts, there was silence in the Rider’s duplex once more.

Max kept his eyes transfixed on Alicia’s appearance, taking in details as he prepared to act.

’She’s most likely been watching for a while now.’

’No wonder she appeared skeptical at first.’

’I was too rough and she must want to be treated as such or probably just curious about the pleasure, deciding on Evelyn’s expression.’

Sensing Max’s transfixed gaze, Alicia nervously swallowed her saliva while staring at his pointed rod. Trying to count the number of veins that pulsed through the surface.

However, just then Max lowered himself.

His fingers drove into her silky hair, tracing it down till she felt his palm gently pressed against the back of her neck.

Thereby deriving a sense of shock as their eyes met, turning the atmosphere cinematic.

Pushing forward, their lips met and the two stilled in place.

Breaking the stalemate, Max began pressing charge.

Nibbling on her tender soft lips, as he dove his tongue to entangle.

"Hmmm– " unwilling to lose, Alicia reciprocated by instinctively wrapping her arms around his neck, deepening their kisses.

"Hmmm" "Hmmm" "Hmmm–"

Their ragged breathing soon filled the room.

Unable to properly withstand Max’s charge, Alicia soon fell on the bed with Max directly above her.

’Stage one accomplished.’

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 209: -Bye-***⁵
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Stage one accomplished.’

Max pressed her against the bed.

Directly straddling her on his knees, he caught her hands in his and firmly held them to the bed.

Now that her hands were far apart, locked in Max’s grip, Alicia struggled to set free, reluctant to let his dominant charge win over her.

Squirming but to no avail, she could only reinforce the strength of her tongue. Wrapping her legs around him in the meantime.

"Hmmm– Smooch! Smooch!"

The sound of their erotic blaze repeatedly hummed through the room.

Kissing while being lost in the fierce allure of it, Max let his hand explore.

Trailing down from her neck, he romantically rubbed her side, grabbing her waist just after before moving to her thighs. His fingers traced her snowy thighs, rubbing a feel as he measured down to her toes.

"Hmmmm-" their shared breath resonated through the room.

Especially Alicia’s.

Now that her hands were freed, she acted a bit starved.

Digging her fingers into his hair, her other hand clung around his neck unwilling to let off his voracious tongue that ravaged her mouth.

"Ahhh." Releasing a light gasp, she felt Max’s exploring fingers, slid her panty to the side and briefly stroked her tight virgin folds.

Just as the bliss struck her core, her whole body froze.

Alicia’s eyes closed tight shut. Shuddering for a split moment before squirming into his embrace. Letting her tongue crossword with ease but with less intensity than before.

Though subtle, Max noticed all too well and stopped his advancement.

Breaking their kiss, his eyes darted between Alicia’s slightly trembling lashes and her scrunched face.

Inhaling a deep breath to rein his burning desire, Max let his fingers slide out from where they had just intruded.

A moment later, Alicia’s eyes parted open, as if sensing the danger had passed. But only to meet Max’s fiery eyes, obscured by a facade of calmness as he took in her beauty. His arm cradling her head in his possessive embrace, struck a sense of submission through her, especially the seething monstrosity that pressed against her belly.

"Are you afraid?" Max suddenly asked.

His tone low and thick, left no room for her to deny. For she nodded her head speechlessly, dazzled by his masculinity.

"Hmmm."

Clenching his teeth to suppress his lust, Max slowly rose up. Freeing his arm that cradled her, his eyes never left hers as he massaged her shoulders.

Tracing her straps, he soon cupped her chest through the bra she wore. Slowly massaging both babies with a rhythmic movement.

"Hmmmm- Hmmmm– Hmmm– "

In response, Alicia whimpered and squirmed, digging her fingers into the two pillows she found with an ecstasied look on her face.

Yet, just when she seemed to be at the peak of it, Max suddenly let go and traced his hands down to her waist.

Detaching his hands, he got up straight. Above her, his nine inch brother cast its own silhouette over her belly.

Alicia’s eyes widened at this sight. Shaken, her fear was exposed.

Just as she bit her lips, wondering what he was going to do next, Max maneuvered towards the other end and went on his knees. This time between her thighs.

Puzzled, she suddenly let out a yelp as he grabbed her snowy legs and pulled her closer to him.

’What is he trying to do?’ Alicia thought, but then it was too late when she realized.

"No.. no.. not ther-" she suddenly squealed, a soft whimper at the end as air vanished from her lungs, automatically silencing her.

Alicia’s eyes widened, her body jerked, even more so her legs. Toes curled as she took a deep trembling breath in.

"... Ahhhhhhhh!"

...Then after a few seconds, she let out a sharp ecstasied cry. Eyes closed shut, her fingers dug into the pillow. This time tearing through the fabric with her enhanced genes.

Firmly grabbing her thighs as she trembled from the overwhelming bliss, Max, after inhaling the appetizing whiff of her pussy, was already munching on the sweet pie.

At first a bit hesitant, he soon found the murky fluid from her labia to be a bit sweet and salty, both.

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

Alicia squirmed, jerking upward as Max’s tongue, like a little tendril, explored the walls of her inner sanctum. Sending shivers of pleasure through her.

Unable to bear but desiring for him to dive deeper, she dug her fingers into his hair.

"Hmmmm- st.. stop.. stop." She whimpered, but her actions defiled her own words, encouraging him to explore down there.

"Ahhhh!" She moaned with trembling voice, unable to bear it any longer-

"It’s.. it’s coming!" She suddenly yelled, letting go of Max’s hair as her legs started spasming.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"

Catching her reaction, Max withdrew and watched the milky white nectar slowly flow out from her supposedly virgin pussy.

Shaved to the skin, its pinkish sanctum was within view.

Slowly, a smirk crept up his face.

’It’s time.’ Max thought.

Like a wolf who had just fattened up a starved lamb with grass just to eat it, he moved on his knees, closer to position his cock right before her dripping cunt.

Still having her orgasm, her fears invalid and her whole body insensitive due to the bliss, Max decided it was the best time to strike.

He held Alicia by the waist, and guided the mushroom-like cap of his cock to push past both petals.

"Hmmm– " moaning from the extra sweet sensation due to the help of her orgasm, Alicia’s eyes shot open.

Meeting Max’s consenting eyes, she neither resisted nor showed fear but appeared thankful instead.

Just then, Max pushed his dick just enough to encounter the barrier and stopped.

"...do it." Alicia whimpered, biting her lips seductively as she raised her waist and arched it forward.

"Hmmm–."

Folding her palms in his, Max no longer hesitated.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 210: Bye-⁶(First time)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

Max broke through the last threshold which was her hymen and Alicia gasped out loud. The edge of her voice tinged with pain and pleasure.

Max stilled just after, Alicia’s hold of his hands tightened yet to recover. Her expression froze, seemingly trying to comprehend the newfound feeling of containing Max’s rod inside her.

Her cheeks flushed with pinkish glow to it.

"Hmmmm-..." Alicia whimpered, lashes trembling as Max observed while above her.

"It feels... so big inside me." After what seemed to be a little trouble, Alicia finally managed to utter, expressing her innermost thoughts with her eyes closed.

However, hearing her say this, Max’s lust burned with even more furiosity inside him that he struggled to remain rational.

Just then, Alicia’s eyes opened. Her pupils glinting in adoration at Max’s care, she nodded at him.

"... I can take it- Ahhhh!" She whimpered, only to moan out loud at the end because Max withdrew his rod.

Feeling her pussy wall, clenched tightly around his pulsating cock, as it was an invader, Max briefly closed his eyes and savored the sensation.

Pulling out slowly with raised hip, he stopped and pushed it in back, slowly.

"Hmmmmmmmm-" at the extension of her walls, receiving Max’s importation, Alicia whimpered erotically and bit her lips.

"Yesss!" she exhaled, encouraging Max to dive deeper.

Soon with six and a half inches nestling between the moist warmth of her pussy walls, Alicia’s mouth hung open, her lashes shuddering.

"...ahhhh–." suddenly she whimpered, and started squirming.

"It’s coming."

"Fuck!" Caught by surprise, Max cursed under his breath due to overwhelming sensation from his cock.

Alicia’s pussy pulsated like a living thing. And at the same time squeezed tight around his dick before showering it in her orgasm.

"I’m cumming." Max whispered, almost like a growl.

However, just as he let go of her palm, about to pull out from her pleasuring depth, Alicia quickly gripped his hand.

"I’m on pills." She hurriedly said.

With no time to ponder her words, Max placed a firm grip on her neck and thrusted deeper, wanting his every seed to fill the very depth.

"Ahhhhhhhh!" Alicia’s moan got sharp, jerking upward from the bliss.

Whilst..

"Argh!" Max groaned, his lungs strained to constrain his bliss while the second wave of cum was deposited inside Alicia’s womb.

A brief silence descended upon the room as they both froze, lost in the wave of ecstasy that surged through them.

After what seemed to be five seconds, Max was the first to recover, his breath heavy as his hips unbuckled from his thrust.

"Hmmmm-" exhaling quite loudly, Alicia collapsed on the bed, her chest and tummy a rhythmic surge of up and down movement.

Eyes filled with lustful passion, they both stared at each other.

Wet strands stuck on skin due to the sweat.

No words were said before they both launched at each other’s lips.

"Hmmm–, hmmmmm, hmmmm" at the sound of passive air being exchanged, Alicia dug her fingers into Max’s back. Wherever she placed them on, red marks were left in wake. Soon Max’s arms, back, chest were marked.

Using the heated moment to position properly without his cock ever leaving her pussy, and now squirming in their mixed fluid, Max raised, adjusted Alicia’s legs.

"Hmmm–." In response Alicia hummed, resting on her arms in a backward manner while their lips still locked in a kiss.

"Ahhhh"

Suddenly, they both let go.

Jolting his hip with a forward thrust that screwed what was left inside her, Max’s hand found Alicia’s breasts.

"Hmmmmmmmm-" moaning, she flung her hair backward and bit her lips under his dominant eyes.

"Yess, there, there." She repeatedly uttered under her strained breath, syncing with Max’s hip movement.

’Slowly and steady.’ Muttering in his conscious not to ruin her first virgin experience, Max appreciated every corner of her vagina.

"That’s it. That’s it."

Eyes closed, Alicia encouraged him to increase his pace just as his fingers pinched her nipples, rubbing them in between to ignite a spark between them.

"Hmmmm- yess. I can feel it in my womb."

"Ahhhh–, I’m cumming."

Just then, Alicia came for the fourth time but not Max. Retaining his girth and formidability, he pistoled without stopping amidst her orgasm, loosening the tight friction a bit.

All new to this sweet, blissful sensation she couldn’t get enough of, Alicia soon found herself moaning out loud, her lungs arching from the screams of pleasure while Max gave her nonstop backshots.

"Yess... yesss!"

Listening to the sound of her brother pounding her best friend in a doggy position while seemingly ignorant to her existence made Evelyn a bit jealous and also smug. Considering she offered her best friend such a great first-time experience.

With her aching body from receiving Max’s thrusts, which sometimes felt like a sledgehammer. Quaking her bones and breasts from the aftershock. Evelyn felt her arousal dripping down on the sheets that covered her.

Unfortunately, the moans from Alicia as Max smacked or choked her didn’t help, but worsened things instead.

Also, it was a surprise Max hadn’t gone on a rampage either. Seemingly treating Alicia with manly care that made her wish she was the one.

The erotic banging continued, twenty minutes later Max came for the third time with Alicia having lost count of hers.

Finding strength in her limbs once more, Evelyn could no longer bear.

"Why haven’t you given him a blow job yet."

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 211: -Bye-⁷***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

---

"Why haven’t you given him a blow job yet?"

Max had just pulled out his dick from Alicia’s dripping cunt, admiring the beauty of her snowy skin contrasting with the pinkish sanctum between the clits, when suddenly, his sister’s pouting voice caused them to pause.

A brief silence filled the room and Alicia’s cheeks quickly heated up sensing Evelyn’s gaze wander to her dripping pussy, which was mostly filled with Max, her brother’s cum.

Seeing Evelyn form a smirk, Alicia quickly facepalmed trying to hide her blush.

"Seems like someone’s first time was pretty good and can’t get enough." Evelyn jeered in a teasing tone as she crawled closer on fours.

"You..." Alicia wanted to retort, but was too speechless after Evelyn pressed her lips against hers.

"Hmmm– " they both hummed, briefly sharing a kiss before breaking apart.

"This is a threesome, we are allowed to." Whispering these words, Evelyn pulled Alicia to sit up then placed her head over the latter’s shoulder. With a naughty expression, she whispered once more while pointing at Max’s erect cock soiled with cum and tiny spots of blood that were yet to be rubbed on the sheet.

"Look, you’ve made a mess of it."

At Evelyn’s words, Alicia embarrassedly gasped, her lips parted in surprise at the beckoning rod that glistened from slimy fluid.

"It actually tastes good."

Watching his sister scoop off the slimy surface of his throbbing erection and lick it, enticing her best friend to try it, Max’s cock throbbed even more.

Silent, his expression was calm but his thoughts were slightly irritated.

’I ate you down there, sucked your tits and fucked you. A great first time experience if I may say... Fuck! I have never been this disadvantageous.’

"-Okay." Contrary to what Max expected, Alicia readily agreed. Her eyes gleaming with curiosity and expectation.

Climbing off the bed after tossing away the sheet in her way, Alicia avoided eye contact and went on her knees before him.

Taking in a nervous breath, she held the base of his monstrous member. Her palm barely containing him, she stared deeply at it as if in a silent contest then suddenly parted her lips and wrapped it firm around the mushroom-like cap of his cock.

’..This-’

Freezing as she did, Alicia’s thoughts aborted with shock.

’...Candy?’

Behold, just as Evelyn told her, it tasted like candy.

"Arrghh." Seizing his breath to let out a growl with clenched teeth at the overwhelming sensation, Max’s eyes closed shut.

Moist, succulent and slick–

—the squeezing space of her mouth unable to contain his size, tongue sneaking around with saliva, her soft lips and teeth around his girth almost drove Max insane. Wanting to grab her hair and feel how tighter her throat would be if he thrusted deeper, Max restrained himself.

"Hmm, what a slutty appearance you have now. Who could ever imagine that you would have a cock stuffed in your mouth."

Amazed by the contrasting temperament of her best friend at the moment, Evelyn smirked, crawling to the edge of the bed as she naughtily fondled with her plump peaks before getting down.

To her words, Alicia could not respond. Her mouth was too small, barely taking in Max’s cock with bulging cheeks. There was little chance to breathe while she bobbed her head back and forth within five inches. Thick murky precum slipping down to her chin.

Unable to watch her best friend suffer much longer, Evelyn joined the fray.

"There you go, be good to Daddy and suck it down your throat."

Slipping back the strands of hair that obstructed Alicia’s eyes, Evelyn leaned closely and whispered to her. Pressing her pointed nipples against the former while groping both of her tits.

"Ahh#*###rrrr-ghhh!"

’Shit!’

To Max’s surprise, Alicia suddenly took him deep, his tip diving down her throat and expression suffocated but submissive.

’Are you kidding me?’

Realizing that Evelyn’s little dirty talk had triggered Alicia, he felt like smacking his head.

’Fuck me. I was only trying to be a gentleman.’ Thinking to himself that all girls wanted to be treated dirty while being fucked, Max sneered and tore off his fake personnel.

"Arg##**+-!"

Grabbing a handful of Alicia’s silky hair, he yanked it slightly and pulled out his dick with a trail of cum behind it.

"Ahhhh– " Sensing his grip, Alicia gasped, less of pain but a struggle to fill her lungs with oxygen.

"You want this?" Max growled, grabbing his rod and slapping her cheeks with it.

"Ahhh, yesss!"

As expected, Alicia shook her head, spitting out the precum mixed saliva.

"This?"

Max growled, slapping her face much harder this time.

"Ahhhh! Yesss Daaadɗ-"

Before she could complete her words, Max pushed past her lips, filling her mouth with his cock till she was visibly stuffed full.

Diving deeper, a physical bulge appeared outlined through her neck.

"Ahhh₦#&₦₦#!"

Being on the receiving end, Alicia’s eyes had long since constricted to the limit from the shock.

Fortunately, Max pulled out in time. Pulling her hair, he shot out webs of cum.

"Me too Daddy." Sluttily, shoving Alicia a bit, Evelyn brought her face closer so it would spill on her.

’Fuck!’

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 212: -Bye-**(Final)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Fuck!’

Watching his sister and her best friend greedily contend to have their face sprayed with his seeds caused him to shoot out more cum-webs.

When he was done, Evelyn was the first to grab his rod and pop it like it was her favourite sweet.

Lost on what to do seeing Evelyn take her place, Alicia chose to suck his balls instead.

"Arrrggh!" Inhaling a feverish breath, Max grabbed Evelyn by the hair and thrusted his cock deeper inside her throat.

Evelyn choked, face flushed until Max pulled out, causing her to cough out cum and saliva.

What unfolded after was a chaotic threesome session with both girls on the loose, squirming, cumming over the sheets with their shouts and moans all over the house.

Around midnight, the three of them clocked into the bathroom for a rigorous bath, the two girls in shock over Max’s infinite stamina due to his unbending erection.

"Drill me with your monster cock, Daddy!"

After being embraced in the warmth of their soapy skin, Max came for the last time, feeling his energy draining at a rapid pace.

When they were done, Evelyn’s room was already in a disastrous state, so both girls held onto Max, limping on one leg till they got to his room.

Cuddling with his arms wrapped around his sister and Alicia’s waist, their nude skin and boobs just for him alone to feel, Max smirked in satisfaction before passing out.

...

Hours passed, morning came.

The sun was bright outside, its rays slipping past the curtains.

Sensing the focused warmth, Max’s eyes flickered open, his pupils constricting slightly before turning dazed.

’What happened? Where am I?’

His thoughts echoed.

Lost and confused, his mind felt like an empty void, feeling not his body or limbs, totally numb.

Slowly, seconds ticked by, then minutes—

"Argh!" Max suddenly winced in pain.

Like a knife was thrust into his brain, memories of last night flooded in.

The room remained silent till he successfully recounted every event, realization dawning on him.

’That was so rash of me.’ By now he had recovered control of his limbs but was weak to a very low extent.

Choosing not to delay any further but check the source of his current predicament, he willed on the system’s screen, highlighting the details of his latest skill.

[Adamantine Rod: Boost performance rate by 1000%]

[Effect: Stamina and hardness overdrive]

[Side Effect: Once used, user stats drop by 75% for the next 12 hours, then recover 5% every 1 hour.

Hormones would temporarily shut down for the whole day.

Warning: Excessive nutrients needed after activation. Replenish-]

Just as Max read this, his stomach suddenly growled. But he wasn’t done reading the details just yet.

[-Can drive the user into a critical state.]

[Hidden Effect: Enhances the hormones of the opposite gender through skin while activated.]

’I’ll be damned.’

Raising his frail arm, Max saw how sullen it was and realized how much danger he gave way to due to lust.

’1000 percent performance my foot. I could have become a hollow husk that died during sex if I went on further.’

Following this thought, Max felt a dread towards the system, realizing never had he considered it could put him in such danger.

’Wait, the system isn’t too bland here. It clearly stated the repercussion but I skipped it.’

Once more placing the blame on himself, Max willed on the held-back notifications.

[Ding! Ding!]

[Congratulations! Host has completed a Forbidden Taboo]

[Target: Evelyn.

<Position: Older Sister x20>

Location: Older Sister Room x10]

[Rewards: x50 Reward... of Points and Stats]

[100 Promotion Points: x50 Rewards...]

[5000 Promotion Points]

[SS Ranked Taboo Student

Promotion Points: 58,650/100,000]

[0.1 Stat Points: x50 Rewards...]

[5 Stat Points.]

[Ding! Ding!]

[Congratulations! Host has committed an egregious Taboo]

[Granting Rewards...]

[Ding!]

[Host has triggered an Accomplishment Rate Evaluation]

[Evaluating...]

[Target: Alicia.

<Position: Sister’s Bestie & Upperclassman x13>

[Location: Sister’s Room x14]

[Detected that it was target’s first time x15]

[Evaluation Complete: SS]

[x42 Rewards... Of Points and Stats.]

[4000 Nexus Points]

...

[100 Promotion Points x52 Rewards...]

[5200 Promotion Points]

[SS Ranked Taboo Student

Promotion Points: 63,850/100,000]

[0.1 Stat Points x42 Rewards]

[4.2 Stat Points]

[SS Ranked Taboo Student]

[Host: Max Rider...]

Skipping the long stats info, Max squinted his eyes.

"4000 Nexus Points?" he muttered—

"Zzzzzz! Zzzzzz!"

Just then, the vibration of his phone drew his attention.

Pulling away the sheets as he reached for it on the nightstand, he froze upon reading the context on the screen.

"Fuck!"

Max cursed under his breath the next moment, controlling his weak body to stand then swiped the phone screen to order emergency breakfast.

’Family size.’

’I’m gonna be late.’

Seeing how bright it was outside, he didn’t dare dally and headed straight to the bathroom.

...

"I heard we got a new mate joining, where is he?"

"Oh, you guys weren’t here yesterday."

"Apparently, he’s a second-year SS Elite with an unprecedented record for someone like him."

"Pfft, funny. Since when did joining the Combat Department become so easy?"

A burly youth with folded arms as he sat on his desk scoffed, drawing the attention of the other youths who weren’t listening.

"Raphael, huh?"

However, another youth who just entered the class called out to him with a daunting sneer.

"Haven’t you heard that he beat up Ethan and simply dodged a blow from Kieran, yet to take the Serum?" Revealing disdain, the youth who had just entered casually hung his blazer over his shoulder.

Speechless, the burly youth’s pupils dilated.

"Alright, are all of you here?" Causing everyone to take an upright posture, a slender Asian lady in corporate outfit, her hair tied with a hairpin and heels clicking, walked out of the teacher’s-only elevator. Her eyes stuck to the tablet in her grip.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 213: -Coming Late-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Following the woman’s arrival, the whole class fell silent in recognition of her presence. None daring to act wild but composed.

Such an attitude, rare amongst Elites, exposed the woman’s prestige as their instructor.

Raising her head from the tablet after checking their schedule for the day, the woman silently scanned them with a piercing gaze.

Nodding at the end as a glint of contentment flickered in her eyes, she closed the strap of the tab, and held it to her side before speaking up.

"Okay, you know the drill. Let’s get-"

However, she was suddenly cut halfway by a soft hiss as a figure stepped through the door.

...

’It definitely doesn’t feel good going late to school, especially on your first lesson.’

Glancing down at his wrist as his expression turned cold, Max walked out of the Elevator and strided through the maze-like hallways. Paying little attention to the curious gaze that settled on him, he stopped between each intersection to verify he was in the right hallway to his destination.

However, that further depleted the little time he had before he would be truly late.

’I think it’s around here but the hallways are so similar with no difference this time.’

Troubled, Max’s cold face was masked by a frown as he weighed his decision on which hallway to go through.

"Well, usually I’ll bet on the most desolate hallway or the one with a muscle head in sight."

A peony drifting scent wafted past his nose as if to announce the arrival of the female beside him.

Tilting his head at the sound of her softly alluring tone, Max was greeted by her beauty and a sly, simple smile curving her lips.

Beside her were two pairs of curious eyes, and both dazzling beauties. Dressed in an extremely short pleated skirt than the norm, they wore long classic boots that covered their legs and highlighted their thighs. A distinguished fashion sense with adornment of exquisite diamond earrings and light make up.

At this sight, Max subconsciously overlaid the scene with Kats and her group of lackeys. However, this group looked more pronounced and less hierarchical.

’A group of 3 friends, perhaps Elite baddies?’

Max promptly appraised them, concluding they were SS Elites.

"Thank you."

Meeting their curious eyes with a look of warm expression of his own, Max made a quick appreciative nod without faltering and turned to leave.

However-

"Wait... please."

The second girl, pink-haired, who had been playing with a lollipop in her mouth suddenly reached out to him, correcting herself halfway after realizing it sounded like an order.

’Huh?’

The corners of Max’s lips twitched. Turning to face the three girls who now had a funny look on their face, the pink-haired spoke up.

"Are you the rumoured genius that is Evelyn’s brother?" She said, her expression expectant as she held out her pop stick.

Realizing they were all focused on the question, Max waited for two seconds before replying.

"...Yes, I am Evelyn’s brother."

"Wow." Acting surprised, the girl in the lead blurted as a smile curled her lips.

Not wanting to waste time, and neither feeling a spike to appraise them sexually, Max walked away in large strides towards the most desolate hallway.

’Class must have started.’ Envisioning the scene of him walking in during an ongoing lesson, Max waved his card for the door to open and was met with a contrast to his imagination.

Silence... Everyone turned to him. But was surprisingly not in the midst of a lesson. Rather some stood, a few sat on their desks, while the rest were casually seated in an informal manner.

As several pairs of eyes settled on him, seriously checking him out, Max felt a more distinct cold gaze settle on him.

’Asian?’ The word flashed in his mind upon catching sight of the only opposite gender in the class.

Stepping in, the door closed behind him with another soft hiss.

"Please excuse my tardiness."

Giving an apologetic nod, Max said to the woman while appearing to be the most formally dressed Elite student in the room.

Silence...

"...And who might you be?"

The instructor suddenly questioned, her cold eyes turning intrigued with a flicker of curiosity within.

Standing where he was with an apologetic countenance without minding the attention he was getting, Max answered right away in collected manner.

"Max. Recently got promoted to an SS Elite and chose to study Combat."

When he mentioned ’SS Elite’ several eyes twitched and the atmosphere grew heavy.

Another round of silence filled the room before the instructor reacted again, her tone a mix of realisation and doubt.

"Oh, you’re the genius who managed to DODGE a blow from Kieran?"

Hearing this, Max’s brows twitched slightly but his expression didn’t falter since she was right.

’She’s definitely trying to infer at something.’

"Yes." Disrupting his thought, Max replied with a single word, making sure to maintain eye contact with her.

Also noticing this, the instructor’s eyes squinted slightly but then nodded.

"I see. But coming late on your first day? Are you trying to infer you’re some kind of genius that deserves being waited for?"

Stating with cold strict humour, she waited patiently for his response.

’Seems like she already thinks of me as an arrogant scion. But I don’t care. Her husband won’t be here standing if he did half of what I did either.’

"No." Max calmly replied.

Letting her gaze linger on him for a few seconds, she turned towards the wall and opened her tab.

"Only bring along what is important to you."

Following her words, a loud hiss reverberated through the room and the walls parted to reveal a subterranean garage with an exquisite luxury bus able to contain twenty people parked within.

’What’s going on?’ Puzzled, Max realised the others didn’t look surprised but were already walking out to the garage like it was the norm here.

"Hey, newbie. Just drop your bag and follow." A bald-headed youth who was about to board the bus called out to him with a wave of his hand.

Speechless, Max saw that he was the only one who looked formal and carried along something.

’I look like a weeb.’ Shaking his head, Max’s face looked grim as he pocketed just his phone.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 214: -Suprise Lessons -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Here, you can sit next to me."

Max had just boarded the bus when a voice called out to him, earning him several cold glances from the others.

Tracing the voice, his gaze landed on the bald-headed youth sitting on the last row seat, with a casual smirk on his lips while appearing to be the most approachable one on the bus.

’Huh?’

Puzzled by this act while noting the cold stare he was given by the others, Max chose to walk forward.

’Not that I was going to miss the chance to sit at the back. He seems rather easygoing than the rest. It is best if I know where we are headed to.’

Walking over to sit next to the bald head, Max thought wryly.

Bald head, sturdy frame, and a laid-back air around him that didn’t match his size. Max appraised the former before taking the other opposite end.

"Thanks." Upon sitting, Max greeted under his breath.

"Oh, it’s nothing." In reply, the bald youth waved it away.

Hiss!

Signalling that the engine had been ignited, the main door closed after the female instructor stepped in and sat next to the driver. That said, the driver had a safety mask on as if to hide his identity.

Up ahead, the headlight illuminated causing Max observing eyes to squint.

Turns out they were in no parking lot but a deep tunnel driveway. And the thick darkness beyond the reach of light previously made it seem like solid walls on both sides.

Without warning, the bus breached the darkness ahead towards their destination.

Just as the vacuum of dead silence seemed to devour the atmosphere, the driver switched on the radio. And strangely, not only Max, but a subtle air of relief seemed to have been let out by everybody at the sound of the playing music.

’This doesn’t look fun anymore. Just how deep underground are we from the surface of the earth? Doesn’t feel like humans should drive here.’ Analysing the situation, Max realised his life may already be in danger.

Unable to hold back his curiosity, he decided to break through his introverted shell and turned to ask the bald youth.

"I have little knowledge about this. Please, do you know where we are headed?"

’Perhaps, this is the Provost’s way of silencing me.’ Max didn’t dare bet.

Tilting to face him, the bald head youth appeared impressed and wryly shook his head before replying.

"I’m surprised that you are able to remain still at this point. I almost fainted from suffocation due to the overwhelming silence before the radio was turned on my first day."

’Huh?’

"Didn’t you notice that everyone else tilted at least twice to glance at you so far?"

Noticing Max’s puzzled brows, the bald head replied with a seemingly defeated look while trying to mask his surprise.

"...I didn’t." Speechless, Max tilted slightly and noticed several gazes turn away.

Whilst, at the front, next to the driver, the instructor’s closed eyes and lips twitched before they opened to stare at the lit screen of her tab with detailed information about Max.

’Is he truly special?’ ...

"I’m Miles."

Shortly after explaining Max’s achievement to him, the bald head youth introduced himself. To which, Max hesitated for a moment before nodding back.

"Max." He replied.

Nodding back, Miles took off his leather jacket and placed it by his side.

"This is also part of our lesson: Adapting to subterranean livelihood and emergency situations."

"I see." Albeit stunned, Max understood.

"Hmm." Miles shook his head in agreement and silence resumed. Or so it was supposed to be.

"I have to say though, how come you aren’t training with the others?"

Miles asked, but this time his question seemed to stir the Elites in the bus. As they all paid attention.

However-

"Others?" Max echoed, appearing confused while causing the listening ears to be speechless.

"Huh?" Stunned, Miles thoughtfully rubbed his bald head. Staring at Max like he was out of this world.

"... Haven’t you realised? You’re the only SS Elite here."

"Oh?" Following these words, Max’s lingering doubt finally settled.

’Right. No wonder they seem weak compared to Kier-’ ’Truly, I should have figured it out sooner.’

"Sorry." Max said apologetically, noting that his cluelessness might have come off as an insult.

"Man." Miles whispered, reluctantly shaking his head just as the remaining Elites collectively rolled their eyes in their seats.

The bus seemed to be moving diagonally, forcing everyone to lean on their seats due to the gravity.

Looking around to see their calm expression-

"Argh-" Max suddenly groaned as the sudden burst of light ahead almost seemed to blind him.

He wasn’t alone either; despite having gone through this repeatedly, the Elites winced with shut eyes.

After what felt like an eternity under the blinding beam of light ahead, they finally reached the end of the tunnel. Breaking through its radiant curtain as they emerged on a large spacious tarred road.

’Huh? It’s an airport? A private one?’

Just after regaining his sight, clearly, Max studied where they were and suddenly spotted a jet on standby.

However, it was no ordinary jet.

’HyperFalcon X?’

’Said to be mankind’s largest discovery and able to traverse 24,500 Km/H.’ ’To think it would be here on standby...’ Max’s thoughts drifted but were suddenly interrupted.

"Alright, get to it."

Upon getting down from the bus, the instructor appeared cold and strict as she waited for everyone to settle.

Puzzled, but not wanting to act too inquisitive, Max didn’t try to ask Miles what was going on but followed in silence.

While stepping out he felt the instructor’s gaze hover on him for a few seconds before she signalled they head into the jet.

Inside, the HyperFalcon’s troop bay stretched before them: rows of fold-down seats with harnesses, overhead weapons racks humming under red mission lights, and the rear ramp sealed as a pressurized vestibule.

"We are heading to China."

H h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 215: -Surprising cold Instructor -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"We are heading to China?’

’Is this what they meant by field training?’ Recalling he had been told, Max couldn’t help but wonder.

But just then, as if reading his thoughts, Miles who had just stepped his legs into a silver paratrooper suit, further puzzling Max by the sight, shook his head and spoke saying...

"I know that look. Unfortunately, field training is for SS Elites only due to the risk involved." Showing a wry smile, Miles motioned at the compact black duffel placed beside the next seat.

"You’ll need that too." He said, fastening the harness around his chest with experienced precision.

Deciding to dwell over the information he had gotten in silence, Max nodded and opened the duffel.

Inside, the same silver paratrooper suit welcomed him as he picked it up.

Glancing around, Max realised everyone else was either halfway or done strapping their suit up.

Also noting that he was the centre of their attention due to his novice identity, he lowered down his suit and stepped into mirroring Miles’ movement so as not to fumble.

Sure enough, most seemed like they wanted to see him embarrass himself but unfortunately that didn’t happen.

Now all geared, Miles raised a thumbs up at him.

"Hmm." Responding with a soft nod, Max saw the others were beginning to take their seats and followed.

’Could it be that they plan to drop us all from the sky?’ feeling doubtful, Max dismissed this thought and turned to Miles.

"Is there any other requirement for field training you mentioned?" Max asked, his tone just enough for Miles to hear.

Revealing a look of realisation, Miles seemed to understand the reason behind Max’s and smiled.

"Ahh.. right. You are an SS Elite."

"You have to adapt to the serum and gain a considerable strength that has a solid hold of superhuman output." Miles explained.

"Thanks." Max nodded, feeling appreciative.

"Ready for take off." Now in a paratrooper suit of her own, the instructor appeared. Her long silk hair danced over shoulders.

Scanning everyone with her eyes as if searching for something, her gaze landed on Max and lingered once more.

"Good." She nodded affirmingly, and walked towards him.

Stunned by her approach Max felt puzzled till he noticed the only unoccupied jump seat was the one next to him.

A whiff of rose-amber fragrance filled his nostrils as she sat beside him, strapping the safety belts across her chest and causing it to stand out due to the pressure.

Having caught this scene from the corner of his eyes due to the primal reflex of his pupils, he felt her cold glare bore into him the next instant.

’What’s with her reaction? It’s not even that big to begin with.’

"Take off." In a cold tone, the instructor notified the pilot while inserting a comms earpiece in her left ear.

Following that, everyone could feel the accelerating engine while the rear hatch closed up.

Within thirty seconds, the pressure from defying gravity could be felt. And instead of decreasing at some point the gravity force that was being circulated bore down on him so hard that he couldn’t move his fingers.

After managing to force his eyes open, Max saw that everyone else had their eyes closed with some even gritting their teeth.

’This... We are flying at a speed-’

Yet, before Max could complete this thought, he felt overwhelmed by an invisible force. Supposedly a jolt of electricity surged through him and then disappeared without any effect.

’Adrenaline. Unfortunately, my hormones have shut down and are currently dormant due to last night’s incident.’

After analysing what he had just experienced, Max managed to pair open his eyes once more as he struggled with the invincible force that bore down on him.

’I wonder how she looks right now.’

Catching the faint whiff of amber fragrance, Max felt curious to the instructor’s current expression and tilted his neck with intense force.

’Not so special after all.’ Seeing her closed eyes with a cold look, Max thought to himself that she must be struggling to withstand the gravity as a normal human would.

However, just then- the cold eyes of the instructor revealed themselves to him.

’What the fuck?’

Caught, Max pursed his lips and turned away with a nonchalant expression.

’The guts.’

Frowning, the Instructor’s cold eyes glinted with irritation only to reveal surprise a split second later.

’He’s able to open his eyes?’

...

Minutes passed. The perceptibility of time inside the jet was extremely low so it couldn’t be said how many minutes had passed since their flight journey began.

However, the hold of gravity was starting to lessen. Sensing this, several Elites managed to pair their eyes open at this moment, and the subtle movement as they grabbed their jump helmet caused Max to open his eyes.

"Grab your helmet, we are heading out."

Beside him, Max heard Miles’ voice halfway muffled by his helmet as he loosened his straps.

’We are really going to jump out?’

Nodding, Max took up his helmet and began loosening the safety belt straps like everyone else.

"Altitude at sixty thousand. Land northwest above the mountain." Yet to put on her helmet, the Instructor’s voice tore through the sound of billowing wind as the hatch opened up.

"And you-" she turned to Max.

"Just do what the others do. We are landing on the highest mountain you see." She said, motioning for everyone to check their suit before putting on her helmet.

"Go!"

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 216: -Sky-diving to an Ancient Sect?-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Go!"

The wind stirred around Max like a living embodiment, roaring in his ears as the ramp light flashed green. Although subtle in the midst of what seemed to be chaos as some people began jumping, Max felt a shudder run through the jet’s interior due to the pressure from the outside.

Inhaling a deep breath with his helmet tightly fixated to produce ample oxygen during his flight, Max felt a rush of adrenaline, fear and thrill coursing through him for a split second before it was instantly nullified by an unknown force.

Just as his expression turned cold, Max leaped into the open sky that seemed to swallow him whole. The next moment, however, his body shuddered, not from thrill or fear, but a momentary realization of being unshackled from an invisible chain.

Presented with a new reality, Max gaped under his helmet at the sight of the majestic sea of clouds rolling in slow motion as if free from the restriction of time and space while bearing the harsh ray of sunlight that pierced through it.

"Wow." Despite not being the type to express his emotions, Max found himself bewitched by this sight. Perhaps, deep inside him he always had a soft spot for nature’s beauty.

But that didn’t hold for long, the air slammed against his body, causing him to instinctively stretch out his arms and legs to try to stabilize himself.

However, watching and performing were a whole level apart.

Max failed to stabilize and was instantly spun around, flailing his arms aimlessly as he dove into a patch of white clouds.

’Fuck!’

Overwhelmed by the dreamy sensation as he plunged into the cloud, the drop in temperature promptly alerted Max.

The air felt wet, cold enough to sting through his paratrooper suit with a sense of tranquility to it. But only for a brief moment.

Max exited the patch of cloud before he knew it, diving down with awesome speed while trying to stabilize his body from being spun around.

’I’m starting to get the hang of it.’

Just as he thought to himself, eyes closed as he listened to the howls of the wind around him. Max felt a sudden presence next to him, followed by a familiar voice.

"Control your descent!" Miles shouted next to him, spinning away before he could open his eyes to see.

’Huh?’ Stunned by the former’s carefree attitude as if the sky was his friend, Max spotted other Elites either skywalking or sleeping. Among them, a burly youth had his arms crossed, aura farming with a nonchalant composure.

’What skill.’ Impressed, Max tilted to see Miles backflipping.

’Impressive.’ Having barely stabilized himself, Max observed the scenic view below. Searching for the highest mountain and spotting it the next instant.

Not that it would be hard to spot in the first place, but it was particularly more eye-catching and impossible to miss.

Down below, beneath the fleeting, fragmented sparse clouds, the world revealed itself in breathtaking glory.

Like a prized landscape painting that could be worth hundreds of millions if made reality. Jagged peaks pierced through the veils of mist, and a vast sweep of green stretched endlessly across the mountain, like a blanket of trees.

’What the-’ just as Max became captivated by this sight however, his lips parted open under his helmet, drawn by something even more eye-catching from the corner of his eyes.

"Geez." Max drew a deep breath as he saw it.

A gold-silver thread that spilled from one of the cliffs, casting a rainbow hue as it fell deep into a vapor of its own making.

’That’s a waterfall?’ Max thought in fascination—only to be interrupted by a voice that spoke inside his helmet.

"This will be the third of your lessons today. If you feel anxious or panicky, tap the red button to your left shoulder." The Instructor’s cold tone pierced through the comm unit of his helmet, seemingly accessing his well-being.

"- I’m good." Realizing the instructor was flying overhead, watching over them, Max responded calmly and accelerated the speed of his descent.

The instructor didn’t reply and the comm felt silent.

"Impressive! You’ve gotten the hang of it!" Gliding close, Max heard Miles scream towards him with a thumbs up before pointing downward and taking Superman pose.

Following the direction Miles pointed at, Max discovered that one of the jagged mountain peaks wasn’t actually so. But a tall ancient pagoda with layered roofs that rose like petals under the sunlight and surrounded by mist.

Stationed around it were similar buildings that appeared as small specks.

"An ancient sect?" Having seen such AI-generated structures and read several eastern cultivation fantasy books in his past life, Max pieced the clues and couldn’t properly express how he felt.

Observing the structures, he became vigilant on why they were here.

Beep!

Just then, the altimeter beeped, notifying everyone that it was time they pulled their parachutes.

With a violent snap, Max was jerked midair and felt the raging wind around him turn gentle.

Populating the sky around him were other Elites who masterfully piloted and headed to the ground area next to the pagoda.

’I see. A little tug here and there should serve as direction.’

Understanding the hang of it, Max piloted towards the pagoda and suddenly spotted several human figures in Shaolin attires who appeared to be in midst of training before their arrival.

Just then, several thuds resounded across the training courtyard signalling the arrival of Elite Metropolitan High.

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 217: - Unexpected Reunion -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Thud!

Max landed, skidding for a few seconds before managing to reaffirm his feet on the limestone ground and released the parachute.

"Tsk! Always coming late with your students and making an entrance, Meilin."

While basking in the attention and a target of several scornful eyes, a sharp voice filled with derision tore through the tension, calling out to their suited instructor whose slender shape was modestly exposed as she unstrapped her parachute, taking off her helmet and letting her silky long hair flow freely behind her.

"...Says who?"

Promptly after that, the instructor turned to face the approaching bulky Japanese man, wearing a sleeveless orange gi and barefooted.

Revealing an expression he’d never seen—the cold and aloof instructor smiled, or rather, smirked.

"Ren." Reciprocating with a smirk of his own, the man warmly stretched his hand forward for a handshake, which the instructor gladly took.

’Don’t tell me they are lovers?’

Upon seeing the neutral and unsurprised look the other Elites had, Max confirmed his thought.

’Every woman, no matter how tough-looking or aloof they always are, has a soft spot for a particular dick.’

Thinking back to the cold and assuming attitude she expressed to him earlier, a subtle irritation pricked his heart.

’An open relationship, huh?’ Max sneered but maintained his neutral look, assessing the man.

From the look of it, the other man was also an instructor.

’Is this a school?’ Instantly scouring the tall pagoda and buildings, his eyes swept the standing lots in Shaolin-discipline gis and came to a conclusion.

’Not too sure on that.’

"How boisterous, Ren."

The two instructors quickly ended their greetings, masking formality as they went right to business.

"Where is—"

"Max?!"

The instructor had just spoken halfway when a sharp, incredulous voice cut her short.

’Huh?’

Instantly drawing attention from both sides, with Max being no exception, a green-haired youth with frozen composure—as if realizing how fucked he was—became the center of attention.

However, Max’s furrowed brows softened the next instant.

"Blake?"

Overwhelmed with the feeling of reunion in a distant land, despite it not being a week since they last saw each other, Blake embraced Max in a brotherly hug.

Reciprocating the expressed gesture, Max didn’t shy away.

At the sight of Max’s warm gestures, a few Elites, including Miles, all raised their brows.

"He isn’t as cold as he looks, then," Miles commented.

Seconds ticked, and the two cousins finally broke their hug.

"You advanced?" Wanting to ward off the awkward attention, Blake quickly asked, taking in Max’s appearance in a friendly manner.

Realizing the same thing, Max nodded and responded.

"Yes."

"How—"

"What do we have here?" Cutting Blake off before he could begin, the Japanese instructor, Ren, strutted forward, his face holding a curious expression as he suddenly glanced at their instructor.

"What a surprise, you’ve gotten a new addition this term?" the man asked, a smirk playing on his lips.

"Yes." Staring at Max as her eyes turned cold, she responded with a smile afterward.

"Miss May."

Seemingly not wanting to behold the conversation, a burly Elite stretched and signaled to change his uniform.

"Go on." Realizing her mistake, the instructor, Miss May, nodded in approval.

"What a surprise. I also happen to have a new addition on my side—a first-class Paragon getting to adjust to the flow of combat jurisdiction," Instructor Ren said, surprising not just Miss May but also catching the attention of the Elites who were about to depart.

Revealing a proud grin, Instructor Ren folded his arms, flexing his muscles as a girl stepped forward from the lots behind him and stood near him.

"Meet Akira," he said, drawing a serious expression from the Elites.

5’6", brown hair, high ponytail, and extremely beautiful.

One would wonder why the boys were solemn—

Excluding her feminine frame was a fierce temperament and a trained composure from repeated combat experience.

’Wow—’ Despite being accustomed to prime beauties, Max felt a spike of thrill and a desire to subjugate surge through him for a split second.

"Such coincidence, Max is also an SS Elite."

Realizing she had been backed into a corner, the instructor let out a profound smile, then revealed her trump card. Though from the look of it, she didn’t seem happy to boost Max’s ego, she thought.

This time, it was the Paragons from Paragon Summit Academy who drew a silent pause as they began reassessing Max’s figure.

However, unlike their Akira, who radiated a fierce aura, Max—due to having broken his silent streak—appeared ordinary, filling them with a dim sense of curiosity.

And so no one expected much from Max; even their instructor, Miss May, didn’t seem to have the slightest confidence in him. After all, he only took the serum yesterday.

Beside Max, though, Blake’s expression became thoughtful before being lit with realization.

"Even then—?" he muttered.

"Don’t worry, bro. I trust in your abilities," Blake whispered next to his ear while showing a disdainful corner smile at the instructors.

"Hmmm."

In response, Max nodded, receiving a friendly pat from Blake before turning to follow along the departing Elites to what should be a changing room—or so he thought.

"Max."

Signaling him to stop, Miss May walked toward him.

"Take a walk with Master Zhi," she said, performing a respectful bow in his direction.

Turning to glance in the direction, Max spotted a bald man in high monk attire with hands tucked inside his sleeves, bowing slightly in return.

’For a moment, I thought she recognized my strength and bowed to me.’ Throwing a self-mocking remark, Max politely bowed to the latter.

"Come, young one."

Shortly after that, the monk beckoned to him with a benevolent smile and turned to leave.

Amusedly tagging behind, Max stayed silent till they entered the main temple.

"Do you know why you were brought here, young one?"

The monk suddenly asked, lighting up an incense before passing it to him.

"...No." Stunned by the strange proceedings, Max responded after a hesitant pause.

"Hmmm–" Sighing softly, the monk picked up another incense and lit it for himself.

"Lu Bu, Achilles, Ragnarok Karna. Even among holy books and scriptures, impossibly strong humans have been dated to kill hundreds of their enemy warriors in one battle.

"These events have been dated to happen in the prime era of mankind, thus marking the peak of strength.

"However, after millennia, such no longer exist...

"After several ponderings and debates between several enlightened minds, it is said that mankind is a parasite that feeds on the Earth, polluting it with every generation it births—a repeated cycle of decay.

"The air, our environment, atmosphere—the soil that births our crops—is just 2% of what it used to be in ancient times. Therefore, human baseline strength can only go so far without weapons.

"The project to move to Mars is a blessing to mankind.

"In the next century or two, this world might no longer be livable."

The monk stopped, placing his incense before a mural of a Buddha meditating, and motioned for him to do the same.

"The mountain summit exerts the simulation of an ancient environment meant to help us extract and access the stimulation of the serum you took. So practice diligently and try to connect with nature more often during your stay here."

Upon arriving at the last mural, Max gave a respectful bow to the monk and walked to the changing room.

...

Having just changed into a navy-blue gi, Max, lost in thought as he mulled over what he had been told while moving toward the training courtyard, suddenly heard fast-approaching footsteps.

"Hurry, you’ve been challenged."

"Huh?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 218: - Spar with Akira -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Max!"

"You’ve been challenged."

Revealing themselves to be the source of the approaching footsteps, Miles and Blake both passed through the archway, eyes glimmering as they spotted him right after.

The former called out his name whilst the latter nullified the tension by urgently stating the matter at hand. In that instant, they both shared a splitting glance before facing Max.

’Huh?’ Stunned by the revelation, Max raised his brows at the two.

"Come, walk faster. I’ll fill you in on the details." Blake grabbed Max’s arms, pulling him forward.

"I don’t know the details, but our instructors seemed to be having a silent conflict."

’Hell...’ Just as he was about imagining the scene, Miles chipped in, cutting off his train of thoughts.

"Man. Lovers’ quarrel."

"By the way, in order to spite you guys, the instructor proposed a spark between both new additions. Hehehe." Blake let out a short laugh at the end, leaving Miles to the side confused.

"I see." Appearing nonchalant, Max muttered, summarising that the other instructor wanted to embarrass him.

Soon, they took an abrupt turn through another archway, leading to the training courtyard with the giant pagoda, and all eyes focused on their arrival.

"Jeez, I don’t know how. But please give it your all as to not make them look down on us." Patting his shoulder briefly, Miles muttered and quickened his steps to the Elites’ location, which was opposite the Paragons.

"Hehehe. Take it easy, bro." To the side, Blake rubbed his green and grinned while walking away.

"Max."

Promptly after that, Miss May’s solemn but cold voice reached him as she stood before the Elites, now in a similar blue gi that hid her body shape and merely exposed her arms.

Looking not too pleased either, she walked towards him.

"Can you spar?" she coldly announced, wanting to excuse herself from Max’s certain defeat.

On the other side, the muscle instructor smirked a slight sneer at the edge of his lips as he watched.

"... Yes."

While noticing the pitiful, schadenfreude gazes on him, Max responded calmly.

A little stomped by his response and facade, Miss May blinked, and her eyes turned colder, subconsciously reassessing Max to be more arrogant than she previously thought.

’Such a pretender... still trying to put on calm air?’

No longer solemn that he would lose, Miss May coldly nodded and turned away.

"Okay. Agreed." She said to the muscle instructor in displeasure.

"Okay, guys. Move back and take a seat. We are about to exchange pointers, so make sure to note some details."

His voice boomed across the courtyard, laced with slight mockery, and a smile tugging his lips.

"Hmm." Miss May nodded at the Elites who also moved back. Amongst them, a few threw Max a silent nod.

Soon, between the formation of both factions, Paragon vs. Elites, a spacious circle was formed, with a circumference of 30 metres.

Already within the circle, as silence unfolded within the courtyard, a figure stepped forward from the Paragon side—

Taking elegant, purposeful steps towards Max, she adjusted her yellow gi and stood 3 meters away from him.

Her expression was composed, excluding sharpness, as she assessed Max, neither showing disdain nor even a slight sense of belittling him.

[Host: Max Rider

Age: 17

School: Elite Metropolitan High

Stats: 34.6

Charm: 35%...

Strength: 35%...

Agility: 35%...

Stamina: 35%...]

’Just 35% recovered? My charm was also affected?’

’No wonder.’ Having just pulled up the system’s holographic screen, Max’s eyes lit in understanding as to his unlucky impression with the slender instructor.

’Still, I doubt if I can take her on with just 35% of my stats recovered.’ Assessing the Russian fierce beauty before him, Max glanced at the neutral stats he had left.

’Good thing I saved for emergencies.’

Pondering which stats he should add to, Max’s eyes flickered, and he suddenly closed them.

"What’s he doing?"

Seeing this, Instructor Ren frowned slightly and threw a glance at Miss May.

"Huh? Is he a pervert?"

Whispers broke out as they watched Max’s ecstatic look, especially the male Paragons, who almost couldn’t control their anger.

"Is this his kink?" Blake, who also saw this, smiled.

’I know this is embarrassing, but it’s also a necessary sacrifice.’ As he endured the spike of bliss from increasing his stats, Max listened to the whispers and almost couldn’t hold it in anymore.

But fortunately, the nullifying effect of his shutdown hormones quelled it down.

Before him, the fierce beauty’s composed expression crumbled silently till it was a frown.

[+15 agility stat points.]

Finished assimilating, Max read the words on the system’s screen and his eyes glinted with satisfaction.

Sure enough, everyone misunderstood it and could no longer bear it.

"Fight!" the instructor scowled, signalling the beginning of the spar.

"Akira." Following a polite introduction, Akira attacked Max without delay, in order to end his perverted antics.

Her fist cut through the air with experienced mannerism, aiming towards Max’s face while preparing to cut off his retreat with a kick.

However, to everyone’s surprise, Max moved like he predicted her movement. Despite his lax posture, his reaction was as agile as a cat, escaping the range of her fist and incoming kick.

The sound of his gi, fluttering in the wind as he twisted, drew a speechless look from every spectator, including both instructors.

Because before their eyes, Max made Akira’s attack seem like child’s play due to his reaction speed.

’Shit! I have successfully fallen into her trap.’

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 219: - The fierce Akira-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Shit! I have fallen into her trap.’ The bulky instructor, Ren, cursed inwardly as his pupils dilated. Thinking he had fallen for the cunning device of the female instructor, Miss May.

But as he tilted his head to sneer at her, he registered a similar look unconcealed on her face.

Surprise, stunned.

’Don’t tell me she doesn’t know he could fight?’

Just as he thought, she noticed his gaze and quickly readjusted her expression to a calm, all-knowing confident look.

Also spectating from both sides, a chilling silence consumed the atmosphere under the stunned eyes of the Elites and Paragons.

Except Blake of course. Revealing a subtle smirk at the expected scenario while also marveling at Max’s true skills.

...

Squinting her eyes with a serious solemn look, Akira retraced her steps backward. Unable to conceive the notion behind Max’s quick reflexes.

"I apologize for thinking less of you."

Stunning Max who was silently calculating how to use his agility and not perform more than the norm, Akira stood at ease and bowed politely in a martial artist’s way, shocking the audience.

’Huh?’ Just as he drew a puzzled look, she snapped her high ponytail backward and took a much fiercer stance.

’What is she doing-’ Caught off guard, Max took two steps backward in retreat as she breezed towards him.

Dum! Dum! Dum!

Dull thuds of her feet striking the pebble floor resounded following her hasty steps with no hint of throwing either punch or fist, as if she wanted to charge directly into him.

In the moment Max wondered what she wanted to do, she already got too close for him to sidestep.

’What a predicament?’

Max’s cold nonchalance became a frown as he realized trying to punch or kick her would only leave him open at such distance.

’Wait- is she trying to—’ realization dawned on him but Akira already made her move.

Her arms lunged forward in a straight pattern, with no intent to strike him or whatever, but to confine his movement.

’A hug?’

Yup.

Having settled with the fact that she couldn’t match his reflexes, Akira made a much wider decision.

"Judo style. Got you." Whispered under her breath, imagining Max already locked between her arms.

’Fuck it.’

Faced with a dilemma, Max twisted his body like a ballerina, escaping the narrow entrapment of her arms.

’Hell no.’ Seeing Max smoothly slip through the entrapment with feminine flexibility, she kept off her two feet and managed to grab hold of his right arm, stopping his movement with a jolt backward.

Crack!

’Fuck!’ Max felt his shoulder joint dislocate and cursed, feeling the sharp pain abruptly disappear the next moment.

Thinking the match would be called off instantly—to his shock, he saw neither apologetic look nor guilt on Akira’s face as she lunged her other hand over his shoulder and made to sweep him off his feet.

’What’s going on?’ Chilled, Max’s eyes glinted sharply as he acted without holding back.

Perhaps it was for the fact he was faced with a girl or simply underestimated what a spar against a teenager would be, Max initially didn’t plan to strike hard.

Faced with the brutal Akira, however, he realized martial arts should never be taken lightly and retaliated.

Gbam!

Before the spectating eyes could comprehend what he did, Max slammed his palm over Akira’s shoulder, specifically her outstretched arm towards his shoulder.

"Ah!"

A sharp yelp of pain escaped her lips as a numb feeling tore through her arm, actively disabling the connection she had with it.

Instantly, her arm which was filled with vigorous intention to grab Max fell placid to the side.

Letting go of Max’s hand, she instinctively grabbed her other shoulder with gritted teeth.

To the side, both instructors’ lips parted slightly as they made to step in but reacted by firmly staying in place.

Akira hadn’t forfeited yet.

"How brutal."

"What a masochist bastard."

However, that didn’t hold back the Paragons from cursing in a displeased tone as fiery hate lit in their eyes, directed towards Max.

Neither minding this, Max took a step back, his stern gaze on the half-kneeling girl while he fixed his dislocated joint.

"Come."

Eyes on his prey, Max spoke coldly while motioning that she stand up.

At the same time, Akira’s eyes lit with hate, grimacing from the pain as she was unable to feel her right arm.

Standing on her feet, she clenched her left fist and rushed forward.

Instantly, everyone’s eyes squinted expecting that Max would easily dodge her blow and deliver another brutal counterattack.

But to their surprise, Akira leaped and delivered a twisting kick.

Max dodged, but she didn’t stop there.

Left, right. Right, left. Her movement was like a myriad of winds, lunging from both sides as Max repeatedly guarded with his arms while at ease.

’She’s also proficient in Taekwondo?

But unfortunately...’

Halting his thoughts, Max caught one of her kicks and delivered a sweep of his own, leaving her to slap hard on the ground.

Thud!

Everyone grimaced slightly at the sight.

Enduring much better this time, Akira ceased her grunt from escaping her lips and stood up once more, fiercely staring at Max while uncaring of her bruised cheek.

"Won’t you forfeit?"

With a cold look, Max asked, sharing a glance with the two speechless instructors.

"Not yet." Shaking her head, Akira rushed even more fiercely, throwing more kicks than he would be able to grab with a mix of punches in between due to the lessening numbness.

From the look of it, she was exhibiting her skills and assimilated serum.

A pro champion fighter wouldn’t stand a chance.

But at last, Max’s reaction speed, which threw both opposing instructors into deep thought, avoided her attacks until she seemed to be worn out.

Countering her movement, Max repeated her earlier actions fully.

Crack!

Before she knew it, Akira found herself being slapped to the ground with the same skill she tried to use on him earlier.

Silence...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 220: - Confronting the Instructors-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Both Elites and Paragons revealed a gawking look.

Max slammed Akira to the floor, restraining her arms while meeting their eyes.

"How brutal. Don’t you think that’s enough?"

Wanting to save face after seeing his most promising student of this batch defeated and restricted by Max, the burly Instructor, Ren, coldly spoke, frowning at the sight.

"But she hasn’t forfeited." In response, Max tightened his grip against Akira’s fierce resistance.

Hearing Max’s refusal, Instructor Ren’s face became slightly ugly as he turned to Miss May hoping she would save him some face.

Astounded by Max’s performance, Miss May’s expression faltered, then turned solemn, staying silent for a moment before uttering a word that disappointed the Elites.

"It’s okay Max, you’ve proven your skills, let her go." She spoke coldly, ignoring the disappointed look from the Elites.

In contrast, the Paragons, excluding Blake, looked contented, a little smug that their Instructor had managed to win over the heart of the Elites’ Instructor, succumbing her to his bind.

’At last, too much familiarity hinders keen judgment.’

For the fact that the spar had been instigated by the other party, intending to use him as a stepping stone, made Max feel greatly wronged.

And now that he turned the tables the other party wanted to save face.

Meanwhile, unable to come to his defense at the beginning and then ordering him to let go, Max felt nothing but disgust towards the female Instructor.

"If you’re unable to separate petty emotions from proper workplace etiquette then you might as well quit your job."

"Yo!"

An audible gasp echoed as the gathering turned dead silent.

Widened eyes froze on Max’s frame, incapacitating Akira to the floor, without daring to breathe.

The Elites’ hearts chilled as Max’s words echoed in their ears.

There was a reason they respected Instructors, even more obeying their commands without refusal.

And this was because of the authority every Instructor wielded.

Being able to report them

directly to the Provost and the reported earning a single rank demotion as the least of any wrong committed.

There was an unwritten rule, that is, never to provoke an Instructor for any reason.

But from the look of it, Max had shattered this rule and didn’t seem to care much.

Miss May looked stunned, evidently processing the severity of Max’s rebutting statement before a torrent of rage filled her.

"You.." For a moment she lost her breath before managing to compose herself.

"...so this is how you choose to end your time here?" Her voice sounded venomous and her eyes glinted dangerously.

"No."

Before they could feel pity towards Max’s fate, the former responded coldly and shook his head.

"How arrogant. Boy do you—"

Crack!

"Ahhh!"

Before the burly Instructor could interject, the distinct crack of a dislocated joint sounded, followed by a pained moan.

"Do you forfeit?" Max’s cold voice broke through the tension, causing jaws to drop.

Knowing she was in for a world of pain after seeing Max defy both Instructors, Akira chose to resign to her fate to end any further embarrassment.

"I forfeit."

Just as Max’s absolute grip tightened over her arms, Akira gritted the words through her teeth.

Letting go of her arms, Max stood and bowed slightly, throwing a cold look at the two Instructors who were too livid to speak.

"Ahem! That concludes the duel sparring session. It was indeed enlightening." With an awkward cough, the burly Instructor stepped forward to ease the tension.

Since he had no right to deal with Max, he could only leave it to Miss May by giving a small nod in her direction.

Heaving heavily, with constricted breath, Miss May also stepped forward, facing the Elites while the burly Instructor stood behind her.

"Due to your awe-inspiring potential, you are now mandated to perform 100 sets of martial workout in order to accelerate your growth. You’ll be under supervision."

Earning a collective gasp, her words caused Max to frown upon realizing she was purposefully setting him up based on the absurd reactions of the others.

"Any attempt to skip will result in your expulsion." Revealing her absolute authority, the Instructor smiled victoriously.

After that, she gestured towards Miles who tried to hide away from her gaze.

"Miles, I saw you get acquainted with him. So you should demonstrate how things are done here."

"The rest of you will carry out twenty sets each."

Instantly the Elites’ faces turned to displeasure as they heard these words.

"Now dismiss," she coldly added, turning to walk away.

No one spoke, yet the persistent sigh of twenty or so Elites created a silent chaos while the Paragons could only watch with a sympathetic look on their faces.

The Elites casually strode towards the other end of the training courtyard, but not after giving Max a simple silent glance,

of which to his surprise didn’t contain any form of resentment or hostility.

Taking note of it, Max noticed an approaching figure.

Miles.

His bald head would have reflected the sunlight if not for the shadow of the towering Pagoda.

When he reached him, Miles beamed a fond smile.

"Surprised?" he asked, earning a silent nod from Max.

"The others now admire you for standing up to Miss May. We’ve put up with that bitch’s nonsense for so long already," Miles stated, sneering at the Instructor with a ’fuck you’ glare.

"Oh. Really?" Max replied calmly, wanting to know more.

"Hehehe." Miles laughed shortly and leaned closer.

"Her and the Ren guy often vanish anytime we are here.

He’s gotten a grasp of her too." Seemingly lamenting their fate against the Paragons, Miles adjusted his gi and led the way.

"And you guys never tried to report to the school authority or something?" Max asked, piqued.

"Hehehe." Miles replied with a short mocking laugh.

"Unfortunately, not everyone is as unlucky as you."

"There’s a saying; You don’t ask to see the Provost. You report on desk when the Provost asks to see you.

Quite plain, innit?"

"Hmm." Max nodded.

"Don’t worry, you’ll understand soon enough. Since you’re likely to receive an expulsion tomorrow."

Just as he was about to ask why, Max saw the set of exercises being exhibited.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 221: -Causing a Commotion-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Spreading across the courtyard, each Elite either took a rudimentary stance with kilos of weight tied to their limbs, or practiced with a sword and other forms of weapons. A few sat in a lotus meditation posture and zoned out the chaotic noises.

"The Hundred Sets of Martial Discipline."

To his side, Max heard Miles say as he nodded at the other Elites who glanced their way.

"Huh?" Max expressed his puzzlement, to which Miles’ mysterious smile broadened before responding.

"Do you know what he’s doing?"

Miles asked, gesturing towards the Elite who sat in a lotus posture.

’If I knew I wouldn’t be here.’

Though finding the question stupid to ask, Max knew Miles was trying to show off his knowledge by clouding the way he spoke with mystery.

"No."

So he simply replied with a curt answer that hinted at his displeasure.

"He’s practicing the Still Mind Drill. He has to remain motionless for the next thirty minutes with closed eyes despite the ongoing noise. That said, even if there’s a high chance of a training accident happening."

Bang!

The moment Miles said that, a hammer slipped from someone’s grip and dropped to the ground two metres away from where they stood.

Silence fell afterwards as everyone paused to check for any casualty.

"I’m sorry guys." A bulky youth stepped forward, black in complexion with a rough edge around him.

Max recognized him as one of the eye-catching youths but didn’t expect his voice to sound slightly timid.

He picked up the huge hammer and threw a nod in their direction.

"We are good." Miles waved in response, once more exhibiting he had a fairly good relation with everyone present.

"That’s the Weighted Steps." He pointed to another Elite with ankle weights jogging around the courtyard.

"Storm Stance." He pointed at an Elite trying to balance atop two long wooden poles.

"In short, The Hundred Sets of Martial Discipline exercise is made up of hardcore Shaolin Kung Fu principles.

"It focuses on 10 Paths all through the 100. But fortunately, as Elites we are only allowed to train five paths.

"Foundation of Endurance. Path of Impact. Breath and Body Unison. The Path of Resilience. The Path of Precision."

"Each path consists of ten exercises. And at minimum, you must select one from each path to practice as a set even if it’s going to be a repetition."

Miles finished explaining and smiled, thinking Max now understood how disadvantageous a situation he was in. But to his surprise, Max simply revealed a thoughtful expression and glanced around.

"So where do I start and how should I do it?"

Contrary to Miles’ thoughts, Max was intrigued by the prospect of learning martial arts.

’It just feels like a TV show.’

At the sight of the practising Elites, Max was moved and deeply wanted to commence on it, leaving Miles speechless.

Seeing the brilliant glint in Max’s eyes, Miles dumbfoundedly pointed at the walls.

"It’s been carved into the walls starting from the left edge."

Hearing this, Max paid attention to the walls and noticed there were peculiar human-shaped figures carved into it. A myriad of stances showcasing rich martial heritage.

"Wow." He muttered, his tone tinged with slight disbelief.

"If you move much closer you’ll see the names of each exercise written underneath.

Right, there’s also some unpicked noise-cancelling earmuffs over there."

Having explained the important details, Miles patted his shoulder and turned to leave.

"Gotta go." he said.

...

The Elites weren’t that much jovial or cordial as everyone seemed to mind their own business more. Focused on their goals, it seemed.

While noting this down, Max walked towards the wall to observe the carvings.

’Wow. It doesn’t seem ancient and incredibly detailed. So it was probably copied from somewhere.’

Reading the names of the exercises, however, Max felt excited.

’Horse Stance Holds, Stone Fist Strikes. Phoenix Pushes? ...Dragon Twist? Blood Palm Strike? Wind Listening?’

With each added line, the name of the exercise sounded more incredulous. But Max thought it was actually worth it since the said exercise was actually much more profound than anything he’d done.

Soon walking to pick the pair of unused earmuffs, Max felt enveloped by a new world of silence. Everything quietened, bringing him to a whole new level of focus.

’I wonder why I never thought of this.’

He glanced around the spare unused training equipment which ranged from actual swords, poles, wooden dummies, punching poles, weight vests and even more mundane things such as big clay pots filled with water and a lit ancestral oven that let out formidable heat.

It wasn’t hard to guess that most of these things supported the practice of some exercises.

’Wait. Most of these are actually a mix of body exercises and fighting techniques, quite rigid ones at that.’

With this discovery, Max focused on the list of exercises, feeling intrigued to try out each of them.

Starting from Horse Stance Hold on the Path of Endurance.

...

’Wow. It feels like I know my body much better than I ever used to. I didn’t even know I could do stuff like this.’

After three hours of nonstop training, exploring and checking out every exercise, a heavy pool of sweat now soaked Max’s gi (Shaolin training uniform).

His muscles brimmed with raw strength, and every fibre of him felt alive for the first time. Something ten hours of heavy gyming wouldn’t be able to produce.

His strength and agility stats, given by the system, now felt utilised and explored. And the biggest improvement was that he could now confidently tap into a huge margin of it without overexacting his control. In other words, he could explode his strength through his arm and also make his touch easing.

Filled with gratification, Max took note of his exponential growth over his control — something that always bothered him — without realising that a crowd consisting of both Elites and Paragons had gathered to watch him.

"Shit! He’s been at it for hours."

"What kind of machine is he?"

"Maybe he’s a masochist?"

"Blake, are you sure he’s your cousin? See the look on your face."

Twenty metres away from where Max stood, thinking of what to do next, speculations about him were being discussed as no one could understand why he didn’t appear tired after completing 100 sets but appeared to be in a joyous mood instead.

Two hours ago, they all completed their training and had gone into one of the buildings to relax and savour quite the bit of delicacy prepared for them. Not knowing that they would meet Max agilely exercising like he found joy in it.

Among the crowd, Akira silently speculated on this and realised that Max was actually on a whole level different from her.

Unknown to Max that there was a gathering spectating him, he was obliviously reading his recovered stats percentage when suddenly the two Instructors came out of one of the buildings and noticed the commotion.

"What’s going on here?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 222: -Worldwide commotion -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After heated rounds of a heartfelt session and warm bath. Both Instructors were just stepping out with placid looks when they noticed the gathering of both Elites and Paragons, appearing to be in the midst of a discussion.

Nothing of such had happened before.

Miss May looked even more dismayed upon seeing Max meticulously performing a set of dragon push-ups.

Under the lead of Instructor Ren, they queried the Elites.

"What’s going on here?"

Just as the latter’s voice caused the Elites to turn towards him, Miss May motioned they speak up.

An awkward silence fell, after exchanging glances, Blake spoke up.

"Max has completed all fifty sets of Martial Discipline..." taking a brief pause after noticing the Instructors’ expression become startled, Blake shook his head before continuing.

"... Three times."

Both Instructors looked to have been struck by lightning, especially Miss May. Her face paled, looking drained as she processed the words.

’Hehehe.’ A subtle grin spread across the lips of the Elites as they noticed this.

"It isn’t possible."

Before them, she quickly brought up her tab and tapped on it.

She appeared to type in a series of words on it, waited a moment with a tense expression before her pupils dilated in shock.

Because appearing on the screen of her tab was a valid "No." In response to her query.

A series of videos with Max captioned in it was also being uploaded on the screen at a rapid pace.

It was no secret that they were all under surveillance, monitored by an artificial intelligence.

In case they slacked off or failed to fulfill their quota of exercises, evidence would be processed by it and notify the Instructor through the tab.

Guessing what she had asked it was easy. Max had been training nonstop.

Gazing at Max’s figure, Instructor Ren’s expression turned complicated after realizing the gravity of what these meant.

"Everyone dismiss and do not disturb him." Instructor Ren coldly ordered and the Paragons didn’t dare refute.

Beholding Miss May’s complicated eyes fixated on Max, the Elites took the cue and also turned to leave.

"Is that little bastard really that talented?" Miss May muttered after the Elites left.

Beside her, Instructor Ren solemnly nodded.

"I’m sorry Mei. But I’m going to have to report this." He said, his words causing the former’s heart to ache.

"... But he’s just a brat. If we both stay silent about this then we can surely bury his potential and..."

Seeing she was filled with hateful vengeance, Instructor Ren quickly cut her short.

"You don’t have to take it too far Mei. You can also see this as an opportunity. You know what this is all about. The future."

"No. He disrespected me and he needs to pay. He must."

...

Thirty minutes passed, embraced in a world of silence and tuning with nature. Max’s body finally gave in to fatigue. Though he wasn’t feeling it per se, he knew better than to push further.

Savoring the keen sense of being able to control his strength at will, Max took off the earmuffs.

"I should have completed the quota."

Casting his gaze across the courtyard, he saw no one but he could hear sounds from activities inside the buildings close to the pagoda.

"Damn. I need a bath." With one look at his drenched clothes, Max remembered Miles’ words about using the seething pond to bathe.

"He said it was in the next courtyard. The next courtyard."

Max glanced between the several archways spotted between the walls that led to other courtyards. There were two in sight, making it quite a guess.

Eventually Max decided on the left archway and walked through.

’A garden?’

His brows furrowed at the sight of lush green plants, some purposefully trimmed and the rest scattered about. From the look of it they were mostly medicinal plants.

However, as he was about to turn back, he noticed there was a broad path in between the plants that seemed stamped from frequent use.

Pausing in his tracks, Max listened in silence and heard the gentle rushing sound.

"Was I right?"

Walking quietly through the steep path for the next ten seconds, Max soon spotted swirls of vapor.

Hidden by a circle of thick bushes, a shallow hot spring of fifteen meters nestled between.

Too transfixed by the natural wonder to notice a pair of clothes placed on the dry stones, Max took a deep breath and then began to take off his clothes.

’I’ve never felt this alive before.’

To think after a gruesome set of exercises he would enjoy a natural hot spring bath, Max inwardly cursed his lack of creativity on spending money then leaped high without a second thought.

’A mermaid?’

Mid-air, Max spotted a graceful figure swimming underneath the shallow water like a fish.

Splash!

Before he could complete these thoughts, he slammed hard against the surface of the still water, reaching its depth the next moment with a strong rippling wave in wake.

"Ahh!"

A startled yelp sounded as a female silhouette revealed herself from the waters.

’Fuck!’ Max cursed inwardly.

...

Meanwhile in faraway places, within secret offices of prominent powers, calls were being placed and received regarding a certain somebody who had no single clue about it.

"You say he’s an unsupervised candidate?"

"Quick! Call the Rider family and confirm if the boy has ever taken the Serum."

"Unfortunately sir, none of their lines are going through. Including all four heiresses."

"Those crafty bitches!"

Also, under a private line beyond the monitor of the government, the Riders had gathered their upper echelons.

"Alright, spill it. Which of you was aware of this all along?"

"Sebastian?"

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 223: In the Spring with Akira-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Fuck.’

Max cursed, hearing the startled yelp and whipped his arms to regain his footing.

His body surged quickly, sending strong rippling waves across the spring.

Crossing her arms over her chest, palms cupping both boobs tightly. Akira’s frightened eyes met his.

They both froze.

The pattering sound of droplets from Max’s skin hitting the water was what stole the silence between them.

Being of opposite gender, their eyes instinctively glanced down at that part in sync.

Behold, Akira’s lower region was neatly trimmed, leaving a straight tiny line of pubic hair connecting to the slit of her clitoris.

Her whole body, starting from head to toe, was a prime example of perfection.

She had faint visible abs, her slender figure excluded prime femininity tinged with masculine allure. Her skin was without blemish, droplets of water slowly trailed down.

In comparison, she looked like most military slender beauties or those who visited the gym frequently. Although she lacked the gift of a back side and front side. The sight of her nude body was enough to trigger even a gay.

Max assumed.

_

Dazed, Akira felt a jolt in her heart at the size of Max’s meat. And that said, it was nothing like she had ever seen or witnessed. Being raised in a military home, she had seen a fair share of dicks whenever the male soldiers in the barracks had their baths. That of full grown men in their mid twenties to thirties.

But compared to Max who was probably the same age as her, it was nothing.

Much bigger than a banana, it was seven inches long. Wringing slightly as water dripped from it.

From the look of it, there was no doubt that this was just its uninterested base form.

Her heart jilted even more, almost skipping a bit as she took in Max athletic form.

His muscles and abs seemed to have been carefully crafted by a master artisan. The proportion of it all too perfect to believe.

In short, he was the physical embodiment of her dream guy, excluding his monstrous dick of course.

Alas, her face quickly heated up with a shy blush.

_

Still facing the repercussion of last night, Max’s shut down hormones made it extremely difficult to comprehend that blossom of lust in him.

His dick didn’t bulge at sight, and neither did his expression falter.

Creating a false nonchalant impression.

"Sorry..." Max muttered as he regained his breath. Hesitantly taking his gaze off her body and directing it to her eyes.

Akira shook hearing this, and instantly exited her dazed statement.

Her shy blush turned to embarrassment. Looking away, she instinctively dove into water, hoping to hide her body from his sight but then realized the water was clear and transparent.

"...I didn’t know you were in there."

Composed, Max genuinely apologized.

Although she would mark him as a pervert, he really didn’t care.

...

When she heard his composed voice, Akira noted the fact that he didn’t try to cover his member or show much reaction to seeing her body.

Feeling dismayed at the latter, her heart sank further upon realizing she had overreacted like a usual teenage girl. Whilst, Max acted with maturity and cold discipline.

"Is this the extent of the difference between us?"

Being able to compose one’s self in unforeseen or precarious circumstances was a poise only experienced personnel carried. To think Max was already at this level, Akira doubted his true ability.

’He went very easy on him.’ With this thought, every grudge and competitiveness she had towards Max vanished, replaced with a warm grateful feeling.

Willing to train her competence. She chose to let go of her frail mentality against her nakedness being seen by unfolding her arms.

"It’s okay. It’s noth..."

Unbeknownst to Akira, her response fell on deaf ears.

As she stood out of the water, droplets trickled down her chest like tiny trinkets.

Ensnaring Max’s gaze.

Behold her breasts were firm. Exhibiting the glow of youth in a pristine fashion. Virgin boobs to be precise.

Unsucked by how appetising her pinkish nipples seemed, literally begging him to devour them as they pointed out.

In all, they looked firm, supple, and would perfectly fit in his palms.

Akira felt jitters in her heart for a split second, overwhelmed with a sensation of being the prey.

However, looking into Max’s eyes she found them to be cold and complacent. Expressing no such desire.

To confirm, she glanced at his member and shyly looked after spotting no difference.

’Does he feel attracted to me at all?’ she thought, biting her lips softly with her back turned against him.

At the thought that Max’s impression of her would diminish if she lingered in the spring any longer, Akira walked out of the spring.

"Wow."

Max wowed at the sight of her back view, then nonchalantly looked away when she stepped out.

He closed his eyes, appearing to enjoy the warmth of the spring while she dressed up then left.

"Wow. What got into her? Doesn’t she care if I see her body or is that green light?" After making sure that there was no one in the surrounding area, Max muttered to himself as he recalled Akira’s strange attitude.

...

Meanwhile...

Elite Base, Dorm Section.

In a sleek, quiet and curated room. Walls painted white.

A group of girls gathered around the bed. Softly discussing about their friend who appeared strangely sick, lying on the bed and clinging onto a huge Teddy bear.

"Look at her. Her cheeks are flushed and her body temperature is high." Emma’s exasperated voice filled the room.

"You’ve been like this since you came back with Evelyn this morning. Are you home sick because she left?" Viv pouted, her voice tinged with suspicion that earned a glance from the other girls.

"Is it just me or there’s been a smell of arousal lingering in the air since we came?"

Unable to bear it any longer, Iris spilled the bean.

Unable to bear their suspicious eyes, Alicia suffocated herself with the pillow. Following a muffled shout of "Go away."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 224: - Back-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Feeling quite lightheaded, after soaking in the warm spring for about thirty minutes. Max had changed back into his uniform. Currently heading towards the building with both Elites and Paragons within.

When he stepped in he was met with a slightly rowdy atmosphere.

Some Elites and Paragons seemingly in a heated debate over something. A few particular figures could be seen mediating, reading, drawing and sleeping.

’Quite the leisure.’ Max thought. Not deceived, he knew this was just a warm up.

Besides, just like the monk from earlier said. Their main purpose here was to live in this simulated ancient environment. Which meant they were free to laze around as long they fulfilled their set of martial exercises.

The atmosphere quietened slightly as they began to notice his presence.

’Huh?’

Puzzled at the unreadable complicated glances he was receiving, with some even tinged with silent respect. Max doubtfully resumed his steps. Using Blake’s green hair as an anchor, he instantly located the latter seated on a long bench, immersed in reading.

When he got closer, Blake raised his head towards him.

"Hey." Max calmly uttered, gesturing towards the opposite bench across the table.

"Hmm." Blake nodded, expressing that he had no company.

Max noted the complicated glint in his eyes.

"You too?" He asked quietly.

"Huh?" Blake jerked slightly in absent response.

"I mean... You’ve got the same expression as them. Did I do something wrong?"

Although their brotherly relationship didn’t start out as good. Max felt it was in his interest to know if he had done anything wrong.

However, when those close by heard these words. Still silence descended upon the atmosphere.

Blake revealed a dumbfounded look, and Miles who was just about to come over had his mouth agape unable to close it for a second or two.

"He must be crazy." A youth in Paragon uniform couldn’t take it anymore and decided to voice out his thoughts.

The rest seemed to agree too.

Taking time to suppress his speechlessness, Blake finally spoke up.

"You mean you don’t know what you did?" He asked, expressing his doubt with an exaggerated look.

’Huh?’

"Yes." Max answered, his words like a sharp sword that struck the guts of every S Elite and lesser Paragons alike.

Blake’s face flushed green, thinking he was trash compared to Max.

"You completed all 50 Sets of Martial Discipline twice while acting like it was something fun." Blake said in an exasperated tone.

’I didn’t even count.’

"Sur-" before the words could escape his mouth, Max’s alarmed senses rang.

’Shit. I blew my cover.’

...

3 hours later.

"Alright. The chopper will get here soon."

Miss May announced, dressed in a corporate skirt suit that hugged her slender figure.

The sun now hung in the West, but since they were high up in a mountain that spiraled into the clouds, its orange glow shone upon them. Depicting a beautiful tapestry amidst the clouds.

The distant hums of rotors grew louder, and the Elites checked if they had left anything behind one last time.

At the other edge of the large courtyard, the Paragons similarly did the same under the voice of the burly Instructor.

It turned out that he wasn’t as fucked as he thought he was for blowing his cover.

Everyone seemed to think that he was a genius whose body could absorb the serum at a rapid pace.

Max felt pleased and relieved after hearing this.

However, when both Instructors’ eyes fell on him. He felt strange and could sense that there was something he wasn’t being told yet.

Miss May’s cold aloofness no longer existed, and when she looked at him her eyes glinted with complicated emotions.

’Who cares.’

As his cold eyes drifted from Miss May, he caught Akira looking at him from a distance.

It wasn’t the first time, so Max chose to entertain by staring back.

...

A minute later. Two massive military transport helicopters hovered in the sky while slowly descending into the courtyard.

The rotors downwash whipped their hair backward, forcing them to raise arms against the dust sweeper within the wind.

Following its descent, everyone boarded calmly. Minutes later, they were back up in the air and both choppers split into two opposite directions.

"We are heading to the port." Max heard Miles say and nodded in quiet response.

Thirty minutes later, just like Miles told him. Max spotted the Super Falcon X jet parked in a private port.

The whole ride was silent, even after the chopper landed.

...

Hours later.

It was already nighttime when they appeared in their familiar aerial space. When they landed, the Elites revealed a fatigued look as they boarded the awaiting bus.

...

’So this is why she rarely comes back home?’ Max thought silently, realizing the reason for his sister’s frequent absence at home.

Nothing more worthy happened. When they got back to the classroom. Everyone disembarked to their dorm rooms after muttering a soft goodbye.

"See you later bro." Miles quickly dashed towards the door ahead of the others.

"Hmmm." Nodding, Max picked up his bag and brought his phone. Not noticing the Instructors’ frail attempt to stop him with a disturbed look on her face.

"I totally forgot to charge it."

After repeatedly trying to switch on his phone but the low battery icon refused to vanish. Max gave up and slipped it in his pocket with a quick sigh.

Upon getting to the form section, he was able to find his assigned room due to the number placement.

"Now let’s see." He whispered as he inserted the card.

"Not bad."

At the sight of his room, Max nodded, impressed.

The room was ample and precisely to his taste. Ash-gray walls wrapped the space. A charcoal accent behind the lofted bed added depth. It had a shelf, nightstand and tall wardrobe.

Stepping in, Max went straight to the charging port.

For a reason, there was an unknown sense of urgency telling him to turn on his phone.

Zzz! Zzz! Zzz!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 225: -Midnight Visitors-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Zzz! Zzz! Zzz!

The moment his phone screen lit up, it set abuzz with vibration.

Notifications ticked, rapidly flashing as one was pushed down and another appeared.

Missed calls, calls, and even emails.

Max was left so speechless that it took him a few seconds to register what was happening.

Eventually, he picked up the phone, checking seriously if he had somehow taken someone else’s.

But upon spotting it was a black Diamond 1 Series, he renounced this thought and skeptically frowned.

"What’s going on?"

For the next two minutes, vibration never ceased. At some point, Max took the time to take off his shirt and socks, left with just his pants and underwear.

"Finally." Seeing his phone finally catch its breath, Max felt relieved and picked it up once more.

There were hundreds, if not a thousand, notifications in total.

Tapping on the missed calls, he saw they were actually unsaved foreign numbers, each at least 15 missed calls.

"Just what the fuck happened?"

"Or is this some kind of prank?" he mused, sweeping through the endless numbers.

Zzz! Zzz!

Suddenly the phone buzzed—

"Fuck." Max cursed, wanting to smash it at once when he spotted the caller’s name.

(Dad) — the simple, detached three-letter words, unadorned with emoji.

Letting out a low sigh, he clicked on the accept icon.

"Max?" Hearing his father’s inquisitive voice.

"Hello," Max responded nonchalantly, puzzled by the rare circumstances.

"Thank goodness." His voice on the other end sounded relieved.

"Huh?" Puzzled, Max stayed silent, wanting to know what happened.

"Okay. Good to know you’re kicking, buddy. Don’t say much. Trash that SIM; you’ll get a new one delivered. Don’t pick any calls or answer any questions."

Following that, the line went dead, meaning the call had ended.

"Huh?" With a blank look on his face, Max dazedly remained transfixed for a few seconds before putting his hands down.

"What the fuck is happening?"

He silently dwelled on his father’s words and came to a conclusion of his own.

"Whatever it is, it isn’t life-related danger. Judging from his tone, he seems to know my number has been compromised and didn’t reveal much."

By compromised, his number has been revealed likely to a whole lot of people.

"Seems like I’ll have to head home tomorrow."

Max glanced at his phone screen for a moment and quickly did as his father said.

Crushing the small SIM card, he randomly threw it across the room. Thankfully, the Elite Base had a general secured Wi-Fi network. Tapping on it, Max was able to gain access to the internet once more. First, he cleared his call logs and logged into Stargram.

There, he already received a text message from Miss Linda and several new follow requests since his account was private.

He replied to Miss Linda’s text. Within seconds, she replied, and they both got carried into conversation about how her day was. Eventually, she revealed that she would be having a few lessons in the Base in the coming days and asked if they could meet.

When he saw this text, Max smirked, knowing what she wanted.

At the thought of doing it in his dorm room, probably under the surveillance of the Provost, Max felt thrilled, then he went on to ask her to send her pictures. And of course, she did—ranging from the outfit she wore today. She acted naughty and even took several sexy photos of her hot body.

Eventually, they both wished each other goodnight.

It was around 10:30 p.m. at this time, minutes to being freed from his reduced stats and hormone defect.

Max sighed as he read the countdown on the holographic screen and turned to his phone, deleting every email he’d received.

"They must be worried about me."

At the thought of his mother-daughter neighbor, Max sighed.

"... it’s almost like she never existed." Max’s thought briefly drifted to the new neighbor who had come to greet him once and quickly discarded the thought.

"A quick bath should be enough."

Max opened the wardrobe, finding just a pair of men’s pajamas. He was relieved, having realized the thought of filling it had escaped his mind.

...

Ding Dong!

Ding! Ding!

About thirty minutes later, Max had just changed when the doorbell rang.

He paused, thinking he had misheard the first time since he wasn’t expecting anyone, and Evelyn’s friends didn’t know his room either.

However, the electronic bell rang for the second time, and Max had to answer.

Although there was an option to check the door cam, Max opened it without much thought and was left stunned, puzzled by the sight before him.

’What’s she doing here?’

Behold, before him stood two enchanting slender ladies of different ethnicity.

Miss May, who had her hair tied into a long ponytail, stood at the front with a slightly nervous look, still in the same dress as earlier.

Her eyes quickly searched through his, hoping for an answer.

However, Max’s cold frown revealed nothing. Instead, he turned his attention to Sloane, who was dressed in a structured fabric green gown that was expressive and appealing without exposing much more than her thighs.

She looked composed and calm at first, but when his eyes gazed into hers, she faltered and revealed a faint flush.

"Can we come in?" she asked, holding her bag close.

’Huh?’ After appraising their appearance, with warm blood flowing down to his little brother for a moment, Max retrieved his thoughts and nodded.

He stepped back, and the two ladies walked in. The door closed shut after a quick glance at the empty hallway.

’It seems like they did some assignment before coming.’

Already suspicious, Max turned to see the two ladies still standing.

Glancing around, there was only a reading table and chair.

He took out the latter and gestured to the two ladies to sit on the bed.

"Thank you. But we are not here for that," Sloane spoke first, in a professional voice, as she accessed a stern look.

"For misconduct and dishonor. Her session in Elite Metropolitan would be terminated based on your appeasement."

"Huh?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 226: -Punishing Instructor May -**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"For misconduct and dishonour. Her sessions in Elite Metropolitan would be terminated based on your appeasement."

"Huh?"

Max, dazzled by these words, was left not knowing how to reply.

His thoughts drifted, recalling today’s event.

Although he was planning to report to the Provost about this when next they saw, he wasn’t yet opportuned.

’How fast? How did she know?’

’She even sent her to me for appeasement.’ Max quickly ran his assumption, suspicion blooming in his heart as he assessed the reason behind the Provost’s action.

’Trying to get my sex tape?’ Max thought but then threw it away.

For some reason, he couldn’t tell what she was up to. But judging her to be a sophisticated woman herself, she wouldn’t play such lowly just to spite him. If exposed as a pedophile who disvirgined young girls with dildos, her reputation would face disastrous consequences.

"Hmmm–." Max’s thoughts settled as he calmly assessed Miss May.

She sat on his bed, with Sloane standing next to her while trying to hide her blush.

Miss May appeared confused, a little lost as to Max’s social background.

’Was there any power that could shake the Provost to this extent? Offering one of the teachers as—’

Cutting her thoughts at this moment, however, Max stood up.

"I see." His eyes gazing coldly at her.

Suddenly, beyond his neutral cold eyes she could see it—

a predatory glint.

His eyes wandered over her body like she was his plaything.

Starting by taking off his shirt to reveal his refined muscles, Max shifted his gaze to Sloane, settling on the fine-looking bag she brought in.

"What did you bring?" he asked, his tone neutral but commanding.

Feeling his gaze roam over her twice, she blushed slightly and placed down the bag to reveal its content.

Beside her, Instructor May turned to look at her and was fractured by the sight of what was brought out.

The first item was a neatly folded rope.

Then a thick gleaming ebony dildo that was 10 inches in length and the size of a wrist.

Even Max was put to shame by its size.

Then came the next two items: a bottle of baby oil and a thin whip.

Sloane smiled and dropped the empty bag, while Instructor May couldn’t take her eyes off the sight—overwhelmed by fright.

Meanwhile, Max froze, deep in thought before his lips extended to form a sadistic smile.

’She studied me, more than I thought.’

First, she had a woman deliver his card, offering her a thrill and exotic experience.

Now, she also offered some of her equipment knowing he wouldn’t stick his dick somewhere another man he disregarded had been into earlier.

’She knows the kind of person I am. She knows I love thrill and being put in circumstances just like I want to fuck her,’ Max praised the Provost’s insight.

Without a word, he slipped down his pants, letting his hefty, thick meat bounce out, reinvigorated after a 24-hour rest.

Catching this sight from the corner of her eyes, Instructor May’s pupils dilated, freezing in shock.

Not caring for her reaction, Max, having pulled out his cock, held its increasing size in his hand as he stood before Instructor May, several inches apart as the waffling heat from his dick shook off her daze.

"Here." With no regard to how she felt, Max exhibited dominance.

He grabbed a handful of her hair and placed his dick on her lips, pushing past both plump soft lips and inserting the cap in her mouth, coating it in her saliva.

"Hmmm–." Max grunted lowly, feeling her tongue against his cock.

Instructor May made no motion to suck or resist. From the look of it, she just wanted him to do as he pleased and get it over with.

"Not so cold now, are you?" Max said with a cold sneer, not caring about her feelings. She was a bitch being it—overlooking wrong just because she wanted dick.

If anything, Max was sure that he was way bigger than the burly Instructor.

When she was finally unable to maintain the cold, decent façade she was putting on, she would start to gobble his cock in worship, and then he would start the torture.

Max dove his cock deeper, more of her saliva coating his shaft, creating a cool sensation as cool air from the AC encroached it.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

Burying about six thick inches inside her mouth, Max started thrusting with a slow, steady pace.

To the side, Sloane watched it, her face flushed not from embarrassment but from lust—feeling slightly jealous that she wasn’t the one sucking Max’s cock.

’Especially his candy cum,’ she thought, looking at Max pull out his cock with a thin line of precum, smearing Miss May’s lips with it.

She still didn’t react, making Max purse his lips. Observing her silently for a few seconds, he began to slap her cheeks with his cock.

"Hmmm–." Max inhaled slightly, not expecting his taunting heart to be quite pleasurable.

The warmth of her skin seemed to stimulate his arousal.

But not compared to the warmth of her mouth, or tongue.

Max grabbed her hair once more and pushed his cock inside. This time though, he wasn’t gentle.

"Argh–" Miss May’s façade shattered like glass, feeling his cock embedded inside her throat. She let out a choked gagging sound, grasping him by the waist tightly.

"Bitch."

Holding her hair tight, Max pushed in more of his meat till he felt her mouth stretch to the limit. Watching her choke on his cock while roughly hitting him, he finally pulled out.

This time, the sight of his cock rapidly dripped with saliva and gleamed slightly under the light.

"Stand."

H h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 227: -Punishing Instructor May -²**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Stand."

Max commanded, taking a step back with a cold look in his eyes.

Struggling to breathe and coughing with a flushed face, Instructor May obeyed his command and shakily stood up.

Nothing.

Silence engulfed the room under Max’s unreadable gaze that never left Instructor May, causing the latter to squirm.

’To think she was the one giving orders all day.’ Recalling Miss May’s irrefutable commanding voice towards the Elites, Max felt thrilled.

’Situations are now reversed.’

His shirt was off, and dick out of his pants, pointed straight like a spear.

Uncaring of Sloane’s salivating lustful eyes, he leisurely took one step forward and lightly grabbed Instructor May by her chin, directing her eyes into his as he spoke softly.

"... Still not giving up?"

When he saw no intent of submission in her eyes, he sighed, then let go of her chin.

He took one step back and savored her outfit.

She was still in the same corporate wear as earlier. An executive skirt suit.

’It would be much nicer to take it off myself.’

Throwing the thought of commanding her to undress, Max stepped closer.

This time his lips were only a few centimetres away from hers when he stopped, his eyes searching within the depth of her eyes before he tilted to take a whiff of her collar.

Her sweat mixed in the now dull fragrance of her perfume.

Max smirked.

"Hmmm-" Instructor May let out a sudden breath, sensing his firm hands slip under her jacket and grab both sides of her waist.

Though she struggled to contain it, her breathing had become heavy with increasing pace as Max’s hands increased their reach upward.

Through a sensual steady rub, Max could tell just how rough the ironed dress shirt under her jacket had become.

With a stretching grin across his face, his hands reached up and slowly cupped up her breasts through her clothing.

"Ahh." Miss May let out a sharp intake of air, gasp.

Her body squirmed and reacted quickly by closing her eyes.

It took a moment to realise what she had done. Shame and embarrassment clouded her face, but Max’s head rested over her shoulders. If not she would have wallowed in a pit of shame under his gaze.

She bit her lips and clenched her hands into a fist to resist the sensation of want flowing through her just as Max began to massage her boobs.

Faced with the restriction of her clothes, Max made a rough judgement of her size.

’75B bra. Her boobs are shockingly soft too. Her nipples however are just like grabbing two grains of rice.’

Actually, he couldn’t even make sense of her nipples through the bra but he appreciated the softness. Comparable to Miss Linda’s.

"Hmmm–."

"Hmmmm-."

Instructor May’s breath became more strained each passing moment under his intense massage.

No matter how she resisted, she was starting to let go and breathe.

"Hmmm–" she shuddered once more. But just then, Max withdrew.

His departing hands as he let go of her ample sized tits caused her eyes to open the next instant.

Same with the warmth of his embrace and breath.

Max took a step back, and raised her chin once more.

Looking into her eyes, the defiant look in her eyes had been submerged in lust and desire.

Her uneven breath and clenched her fist proved much more.

’Seems like her barricade has been lowered.’

Knowing she was now horny, and lust had conquered her rational thought pleased Max quite well.

He let go of her chin and began to unbutton her jacket.

’One. Two. Three.’

He counted, as he moved around to take off her jacket.

Witnessing Max’s gentleman behavior, Miss May couldn’t help but feel guilt about her first impression of him.

So far, other than sticking his cock in her mouth, which she felt was quite good and actually an epic experience, considering she had never taken something as such before — Max hadn’t treated her all bad.

’I was so wrong.’

In contrast, to what the prey thought, Sloane felt chill witnessing Max’s gentleman’s act.

She acutely remembered the way Max treated her when he fucked her over the Provost’s desk after she played him in the elevator.

’Brutal and unsympathetic.’ she thought, feeling a sense of elation swell within her.

Flump!

Max dropped the jacket when he was done and moved his fingers across the button of her rumpled dress shirt.

’One. Two. Three...’ he began counting till it came to eight.

All the buttons had been unclasped. Revealing a narrow sleek view of her ample cleavage, cotton white bralette, and navel.

’Yummy.’

Max felt his blood stir, and an appetite to taste the softness of both boobs ignite within him.

Not that he was going to starve himself of it to begin with.

So without further ado, he lifted up the tight fitted skirt she wore, up to her waist. Exposing the white thong underneath.

His hands grabbed the dress shirt and shook it off her, revealing her slender arms and snow-like complexion.

The moment she felt Max’s fiery gaze upon her boobs, Miss May instinctively raised her arms, wanting to cover them. But it was too late.

Max tore the tiny string connecting the both cups of her bra.

"Ahhhhhhhh!" She let out a sharp gasp as he grabbed her by the thighs and lifted her up.

His left hand pressed against her back with firm support.

His other hand, beneath her ass.

She was lifted so high that her head was above him by several centimetres.

Sensing danger from the height, her arms had wrapped around his head before she knew it.

Everything happened so fast that her brain failed to comprehend their current position at this moment.

But when it finally did—

Her pupils dilated, eyes widened in shock. Her body jerked.

"Aaaahhh!" A sharp moan escaped her lips. Her body felt electrified.

Because at this moment, Max caught the tender, supple skin that was her boobs and dealt it a fatal blow using his self-mastered boob sucking skill.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 228: -Punishing Instructor May-³**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There was no nipple to nibble, so Max captured as much of her tender supple melons using his teeth.

Her boobs’ softness could almost be compared to that of a balloon. Max found himself lost in it for a single moment before he progressed to circle his tongue around her areola.

"Ahhhh-!" Instructor May’s sharp gasp that was a moan could be heard.

Seemingly electrified by the wondrous slithering of his tongue, her legs wrapped around his back. Same with her arms.

She pressed his head, wanting him to suck more while gasping from the bliss.

In this position, Max’s cock frequently felt her pussy through the wet thong.

"Hmmm–." Inhaling a deep breath, Max created a suction and bit slightly hard on it before he started sucking. Chewing on the supple, tender flesh while at it.

"Yess!" "Yessss-!" "There were!" Instructor May urged, her breath as it shuddered from that bliss.

If Max could see her face at the moment, he would see that her eyes were flickering between whitish and black.

She bit her lips when the conscious side of her brain reminded of the current reality. But the lust was too much so she would resume moaning.

Max took his time. He sucked so hard and so good that her snow white right tit now had his claim over it. Red, pinkish bite marks.

Though, she had tried to feed the second tit, left- out tit. Max played by his own rule.

The room that had been filled with Instructor May’s long extended moans and hiss finally receded, leaving the former to deal with the aftermath after consciously realizing, with half abating lust that she had arms tightly around Max.

Without letting the tension build up. Max forcefully freed himself from her embrace and tossed her on the bed.

"Aaah!"

Instructor May let out a frightened yelp, the toss was so unexpected that she tried to grip the air but failed. Crashing on the bed.

Max gazed down at her, taking a moment to admire her body.

The only part yet to be exposed was her wet pussy which was covered by the thong.

Knowing his movement would be hindered if he had his pants off. Max began to take it off.

Soon his prime masculine figure and big heavy meat was exhibited for the two ladies in the room.

For a moment, Instructor May seemed to lose her voice. Dazed by his art work as his cock looked much bigger than before. She gulped in speechless by the thought of it entering her.

The resistance she had towards him was completely gone that she now welcomed and wanted the thought of him fucking her.

But before her there had been Sophia, Kats and Sloane. Max knew his magic and wasn’t surprised.

His eyes glinted with sinister thought instead.

’Oh. You must very mistaken, dear Instructor.’

Max held his cock before their eyes and shook it briefly, stroking it a bit and got on the bed.

Instructor May was so submissive when he parted and stretched her legs wide. Thinking he would shift her thong and slowly insert it. Expanding the walls of her inner sanctum.

Such wild imagination only served to fuel her lust and make her pussy salivate. Just like Max wanted.

Having spread her legs, Max positioned in between and arched down. Grabbing both of her hands with firm grip and parted them to both sides. This way, his cock was pressed against her abdomen, letting her feel the seething warmth from it.

’What’s he doing?’ At this moment, Sloane realised things weren’t going according to the Provost words. But before she could think further. Instead of positioning for a thrust Max descended with his head downwards and started to devour the other boobs of the Instructor he had left unattended to all these while.

"Ahhhhh!" Shortly the Instructor sharp gasp filled the room. Her whole body jerked from the shock. Wanting to press Max’s head closer and wrap around him tight-.

"Now I know."

The instructor struggled but to no avail was she able to free herself from Max’s grip. It was all but his plan all along.

Max sucked and played with her nipples. Nibbling on the supple flesh and sometimes teased with his tongue.

Meanwhile, the Instructor could only squirm and jerk. Struggling so hard so that she could satisfy her inner desires. There were places needed to be touched and feel warmth.

Sloane understood this well and how tortuous the experience was. She gulped her saliva in fright thinking if the Provost ever offered her to Max as a punishment she might as well quit her job before that.

...

Instructor May’s gasp filled the room. Despite her nonstop writhing. There was nothing she could do.

"...Please–"

At some point her voice cracked as she pleases amidst her moans.

Her thong was completely soaked.

Unfortunately, Max didn’t stop for the next 15 minutes till he heard the soft cry of her whimper. Her struggle had lessened as a result of rapid drop in stamina.

"Rope." Max beckoned to Sloane who stood dazed and horny as she watched.

Miss May’s snow white boobs was now completely covered in bite marks.

Max heaved a satisfied breath at the sight.

Miss May was close to climaxing and she needed just a push to reach the peak.

"Here."

Having overcome her dazed state. Sloane handed him the rope in a manner so subservient as if he was her boss.

Contented. Max firmly tied Miss May hands together.

Though she tried to resist, she was instantly overpowered by Max’s strength.

The rope was easily more than ten metres in length so Max extended it towards her legs, loosely tying it to the edge while motioning that Sloane hold the other leg.

’Wide open legs and bandage hands.’

Max thought, casting his desire filled eyes over her body.

’The thong has to go tho.’

Not liking the fact that her pussy was hidden when presented at such angle. Max easily tore off the soaked thong.

’I hope there’s an extra sheet.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 229: - Punishing Instructor May -4***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Slurp! Gulp!

Slurp! Gulp!

Max had the Instructor seated upright. Her hands were tied up, unable to put any sort of resistance as he roughly dug his fingers into her hair. Grabbing a handful and ushering his nine inch monster cock down her throat.

Instructor May’s mouth was filled to the brim and her throat often bulged following Max’s thrust.

Cum and saliva trailed down her chin, dropping on her tits in succession.

Her face was flushed. A mix of purple and pinkish hue from excitement, suffocation and frustration.

She hated it at first. But the dirty cruel thrust Max embedded down her throat each time twisted her desire.

"How does it feel now bitch?"

"To have your throat filled with my cock unable to utter any command."

"I bet he didn’t dare treat you in such a way."

Feeling the warmth of her throat, tongue and teeth pressed against his girth completely enveloped Max in bliss.

"Argh!" Soon after he let out a grunt and pulled out his saliva-cum dripping cock with veins trailing across it.

"Kneel."

To Miss May’s terror, she watched as the result of her labour after intense suffocation was spilled on the Provost assistant, Sloane.

The lady subserviently got on her knees and quickly tore her button shirt to reveal her breasts cupped in black bra.

Her smile was naughty like a slut as she pushed them out to have Max shoot his sperm on them.

Teary droplets slipped through the corner of her eyes as she witnessed wave after wave of cum webs being spilled on the lady’s boobs, even coating hair and dress.

Eventually, Max let out a savage grin and drew.

He was satisfied after seeing his cum spilled over her.

His attention shifted back to Instructor May whose eyes had become teary being tortured by being starved of the orgasm she deserved. Or the slutty satisfaction that was going to fill if Max actually shot his seeds on her.

She watched Max’s cock deflate, but it was still semi-hard but withdrew a sword.

He connected the long rope and finally tied her other leg to the bed.

When he was done, he pushed her helpless body to lie flat then picked the bottle of baby oil.

He poured a silent stream over her body, tracing it both up and down.

Her boobs, tummy, between her thighs and legs were soon covered in baby oil.

Max placed down the bottle and then turned to face Sloane.

"Take off your dress, with only your underwear on." He simply ordered.

Feeling a surge of excitement surge within her, Sloane didn’t dare refute.

She did as he ordered and was left standing in a lace bra and pants, as her fine toned skin and mature slender figure was left for the seventeen year old to see.

"Run the rest and leave these two to me."

Instructor May’s body was like an experiment subject as Max gestured which part of her body he would handle spreading the oil.

Her breasts and pussy of course.

Although Max didn’t know much about massage at a certain time, after helping out his aunt, he was now quite well versed in it.

The moment Max placed both palms on her chest, Instructor May shivered under his touch.

Max softly grasped both of her exceedingly soft tits, and firmly but gently fondled them.

His fingers repeatedly rubbed the small piece of grain that was her nipples.

"Ahhhhh!"

"Mmmmm mm!"

The air gave way to eliciting triggering moans.

Instructor May wringled → (correct spelling: wriggled) and squirmed but to no avail.

Her pussy was already dripping wet yet the accumulated pleasure was stuffed inside her.

She wanted a finger, she wanted a stick. She craved for a big, his monstrous cock.

All of her insides churned, she just wanted something to enter or stimulate her dripping folds but Max only continued to massage her boobs. Soon advancing to suck on them in their piteous reddish state without caring.

"Please—just fuck me already."

"I’m willing to do anything you want or say."

Instructor May’s voice cracked as she pleaded, her eyes insistently pleading that he fucked her.

Yet, Max’s sadistic grin dug into her guts.

His palm gently rolled across her skin, reaching her lower abdomen.

His reach extended towards her pussy. But stopped. His fingers began rubbing her thigh crease.

Instructor May moaned out loud with a sharp gasp, her breath itching with frustration and helplessness.

Max’s hand was so close to her pussy yet she wasn’t granted bail from her misery.

By now her wetness had fully soaked the sheet under her, letting Max breathe a satisfied heave.

Seeing her oiled body gleam.

He grabbed the base of the wooden ebony dildo and poured what was left in the bottle.

Watching the streak of silent oil trail down the inanimate weapon.

He walked towards the end of the bed, grasping Instructor May by the waist and slowly pushed the tip of the dildo through the folds of her pussy.

’This is it.’

This was all she needed, Miss May thought, feeling the tip of what she couldn’t take expand her inner sanctum, but due to how starved and soiled it was, eased the pain.

With just four inches buried into her, she was pushed off the edge of the peak of orgasm Max had deprived her of for the past hour or so.

Her whole body was let loose, screaming her out till her throat felt sore.

Following her whitish slimy fluid, several jets of colourless liquid like urine shot out from the side of the dildo stuck inside.

Of course, Max reacted fast and rolled out of the bed, escaping being showered by it.

Meanwhile, to the side, Sloane felt nothing but deep jealousy at the sight.

’She actually managed to squirt?’ she thought, knowing fully well that the prize was worth it.

...

In the Provost Office, only available to whom she needed to and her loyal assistant. A huge scene displaying Max, Sloane and Instructor May squirting played live.

’He’s giving me quite the show.’ She mused.

She wasn’t alone though.

Her office was also occupied by a queen sized bed. And at this moment, A to B Rank female Elites who Max knew were around her bed.

Some sprawled weakly, streams of fluid dripping from their thighs.

And the few who were still active? They were busy with the Provost’s flawless body.

Sucking on her huge hentai-like tits. The buzzing of vibrator and the sulking → (correct spelling: pulsing) thrust of a dildo cut across the room.

Just what was going on here.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 230: - Audience -***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a pure scene of harem carnage. One that belonged to the Provost.

At this moment, Kats, Ayesha, Cynthia, Cinthya. Four prominent A Rank beauties known publicly in the school. Were on the Provost bed, either nude or had a transparent thin silk to cover their upper bodies. Their eyes glinted both complicatedly and numb.

Especially Kats. She couldn’t believe it.

This was actually Max, to think that the almighty Provost would set him up with one of the Elite Instructors because the latter offended him was crazy.

’Just who is he?’ She pondered. Realizing at this moment that Max’s cold nonchalance was actually worth it. And she had played herself for a fool while trying to hold grudges with him.

Cinthya, Cynthia’s twin sister who once shared an erotic moment with Max in the library revealed a lustful drooling look at Max’s cock.

’It has become much bigger.’ she thought, imagining Max pounding her roughly in doggy style while pulling her hair.

’—will it even enter?’

Her thoughts were cut short by the Provost’s melodic, sweet voice, like a fine tune that struck the string of her erotic emotions.

"Isn’t he just... impeccable and evil?" The Provost asked, taking a short pause in between each word as she searched for something more fitting to describe Max.

She had been watching the live screen for over an hour. Yet Max seemed indomitable enough not to falter. His cock even thickening with every second after shooting out such large amounts of cum. A factor that she couldn’t undermine.

She remembered Sloane’s words:

"—his cum tastes like candy huh?"

Feeling an urge to laugh at the thought. The Provost smiled impeccably and landed soft pats on the head of the two girls sucking on her huge melons.

"Hmmmmmm." When they let go of her thick nipples, the Provost let out a soft purr. The sound alone could have caused even a man on his deathbed to grow an erection.

Even the girls felt turned on by it as a vivid flush could be spotted on their cheeks.

This was the Provost, a woman of unprecedented charm that knew no bounds between genders.

"Cynthia, Ayeesha."

She called out to the two dazed girls who had their eyes stuck on the screen.

Hearing both of their names being called, they knew what the Provost wanted and crawled on all fours.

Soon a triple 69 pleasure feast erupted.

...

Without being aware that the Provost was with some of the girls he planned on fucking, Max was intent on dealing with Instructor May.

The slender Asian lady had lost her voice from screaming out loud when she squirted. Her hands and legs tied to the chair only served to amplify her lust and punish her at the same time.

Max had pushed half of the dildo inside her and left it so.

The intrusion of the foreign object lacking the dexterity of the real deal sent aching pain through the walls of her inner sanctum.

Compared to the previous intense torture before she squirted, the dildo’s inability to thrust and ravage her pussy was worse.

It was like after being stuck in a desert for long in search of an oasis while suffering from thirst. A half bottle of water suddenly dropped from the sky.

The person drank the water but was still stuck in the desert without an oasis.

However, due to having drank water recently, the thirst came stronger and more tormenting than ever.

This was what Instructor May currently faced.

—

"Put on your heels."

Sloane heard Max say.

’Huh?’

But meeting his eyes, her thoughts diffused and she did without muttering a single word.

Now on heels, Sloane towered half a head above him. Causing Max to squint his eyes slightly.

Black lace bra that cupped her boobs perfectly and a matching black thong. The spills of semi-dried cum splattered on her bra and cleavage made her look slutty on high heels.

Just like he wanted and imagined. Max’s breath became slightly heavy.

Somehow, he was reminded of those models in magazines and office scenario porn videos.

Though he was far from short, Max found thrill at the thought of Sloane going down to suck his dick.

But first, Max moved closer and wrapped his hand around her enticing waist. Lowering his palm to grab a handful of her ass and massaging both cheeks.

"Hmmmm—" Sloane purred softly feeling the heat from his nostrils brush the skin around her neck and thick seething cock against her belly.

His firm grip held her neck and he took a whiff of her.

"You look hot."

Max complimented.

To Sloane, however, her body was in jitters. Melting like a good girl.

’He complimented me?’

Unable to believe, her cheeks flushed for the first time, not from bliss or shame but pure simple joy.

"Come." Max pulled her to the bed. Commencing a show for the Instructor May to watch.

First he pulled off the sheet, with Sloane standing obediently with a good girl attitude behind him.

Throwing the sheet to a corner of the room, he sat on the edge of the bed and gazed up at Sloane.

"Come suck my dick."

He swung his fully erect cock at her.

Though his words were like command, Sloane didn’t find it harsh or rude anymore.

She instead wanted to be a good girl and receive compliments from him.

...

In her office, the Provost’s heart shook witnessing this.

’This being is more than simple.’

To think that he shattered her assistant’s psychological barrier with just a compliment.

A skill only acquired when one knew how truly submissive and nasty a woman wanted to be treated.

Somehow, her curiosity towards Max was starting to become a hunger.

...

Watching the tall Sloane on heels go down on her knees before him, grab his cock with both palms and softly stroke it before swallowing the cap — the warmth of her mouth filled Max with inexplicable bliss.

"Argh—" he grunted.

"—Good girl." softly patting her head.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 231: Intense-***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the room.

Tied to the chair, Instructor May watched the torture while insistently trying to clamp her thighs around the dildo to exert some force and push it deeper inside her.

However, she failed repeatedly even while whining on her but.

The little movement wasn’t enough and left her gasping for more, her desires incinerating her thoughts.

Watching Max fuck the mouth of the Provost assistant, Sloane. And the dirty slut happily puffs out the precum mixed saliva, swallowing hard as she cleans the shaft to the base of Max’s big cock. Leaving its surface patched with her saliva and licking his balls like popsicles. Instructor May body was on fire.

After struggling to set herself to the extent that she now sustained bruises where the ropes coiled around, she gave up. Biting her lips right with teary eyes.

"Please..."

The word escaped from her lips in total humility.

There was no shame, no pride, only the desire to be fucked hard and brutal. In short, to be used as a plaything by that teenage boy.

"Please untie me."

"Please..."

"Please fuck me too..."

"Please... I beg you."

"I want to be your slut..."

"Please fuck me like your bitch bitch I don’t care."

Instructor May’s pleading voice cracked as tears rushed from her eyes, trailing down her cheeks.

She strained hard to the ropes but to no avail.

Max kept on without ushering her a glance.

And Sloane, feeling more pleased and encouraged, sucked his ball sack gloriously.

Instructor May kept pleading but Max played deaf ear, deciding to leave her with a mental trauma instead.

Pulling Sloane by the hair away from his cock. Max watched her smile. Her cheeks and chin were plastered with precum.

The older looking lady didn’t mind being used by the teenager at all. Even more submissive as her gaze at him hinted at admiration.

Not only was her pussy soiled and squirming for him to command and fuck her. The sweet of his cum left her unsatisfied. She wanted more.

However, when met with Max’s controlled eyes. All these emotions were quickly reined in.

He patted her softly on the head, and held her up with a firm hold of her chin.

Sloane rose up, standing on two fashionable heels while Max didn’t care of rubbing his own cum.

Glancing over at the tied up Instructor May to chair. He saw her slightly listless eyes from starved orgasm and lust.

If he let her loose right now. Max was sure that she would rape him.

"Come." He said to Sloane who dutifully stood behind him.

Gesturing at the chair Instructor May was tied to. He made her stretch out her hands and placed them on its straight simple backrest.

Sloane’s hands were just above the Instructor’s shoulders and so found their grip.

Instructor May felt the misty breath of the former brushing her face without care

Whilst-

Seeing it was done,a grin spread across Max’s face as he made one last gesture.

And that was for Sloane to stretch out her ass backward while arched downward.

It was a style supposedly requiring that she held onto the wall while being fucked from behind.

But instead her cupped breasts were slightly pressing the instructor’s face.

Max loved the sight and moved forward to spice it up.

When he did. His grip had torn off Sloane’s black bra and dropped it to the floor.

Now, her tits pressed against the instructor’s face. If he thrusted, it would press much closer.

Having interest in still keeping Sloane’s thong on. Max moved behind her and smacked her butt cheeks.

She moaned in delight, keeping still as she felt his finger shift the cover of her wet creamy pussy aside.

Max inserted his thumb, brushing her folds lightly as he felt just how wet it was.

He kept at it in silence for a few seconds, leaving just her moan and Instructor May’s heavy breath to resound in the room, until-

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

Suddenly, the sound of Sloane gasping sweet moan broke the atmosphere.

Max while rubbing her clit with his thumb. Let his cock sink deeper in the creamy dripping cunt of hers.

"Argh!"

Unable to bear the pleasure with a straight face because the relaxed tension of her walls suddenly clenched right around his cock with intent to suck him dry.

Following his ecstasied grunt, Max steadied his rhythm by firmly grabbing her ass.

"Hmmmm-!"

"Hmmmm-!"

"Hmmmm-!"

Sloane’s moans were like soft tender whimpers as he began slowly steady thrust in succession.

The tighter her pussy clenched around him, the more force Max persisted with. Soon, the clap of his groin against her ass filled the room alongside Sloane’s melodious cry.

Max wasn’t swift with his thrust as per se. So her moan went like this.

"Yessss-! Ahhhhh! Hmmmmmm! Daddddddyy! I love you daddy! Hmmmm– ! Yesss! Daddddddyy! I’m yours! Fuck me like your little bitchy wor-! Ahhhhhhhh."

The pitch of her moan kept growing higher the more Max felt triggered by the dirty slutty words spilled from her mouth. His thrust never ending as her legs buckled from the force of it.

The only person that was left out was Miss May. After struggling for so long her strength had failed her.

She no longer resisted, the wetness dripping from her cunt which was half filled with the wooden dildo already started dripping on the floor.

Sloane’s words and boobs slapping her face anytime Max thrusted harder was like a seed that corrupted her mind with torture.

’I can’t bear this. I can’t take this. Not anymore.’ Feeling that her starved sensation to be fucked crazy was damaging her mental health. An idea struck her mind. One that Max neither the moaning Sloane noticed as they neared the peak of orgasm.

Instructor May bit her lips. Letting the sharp pain knock her out while staining her lips with blood.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Argh!"

Sloane screamed out, receiving Max’s thrust for the last time before her flood gates opened.

Max stilled with closed eyes as he felt wave after wave of seeds being spewed inside her womb.

Seemingly triggered by the warm seed inside her. Sloane’s body shuddered uncontrollably as she let out a louder moan.

Max felt it, something squeaky pushing against his cock. A bit warm.

’She’s squirting?’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 232: - First cafeteria meet up-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’She is squirting?’

Watching the erotic screen of her assistant squirting with Max’s huge cock inside, the Provost let out an ecstatic moan of her own.

Her expression was as naughty as it could get. Biting her lips, with pure dirty eyes that revealed her innermost desires.

Her legs gave in as she quivered one last time. Bliss filled her whole body and she let go of the big dildo she had embedded inside her asshole.

"Hmmmmmmm!!"

—

Minutes later. In his dorm room.

After the bliss finally wore off, Max stood with his dormant dick swinging between his legs and began untying the unconscious Instructor.

On the bed, Sloane lay weakly, curled up with an evident look of exhaustion. Not minding the trail between her thighs.

Max sighed, lifting up the Instructor and placing her on the bed.

Gazing at both ladies, his lips crept to form a proud smile.

’Perhaps we could go again.’

At the thought of inserting his cock from behind, as Sloane lay. Unable to resist. Max inhaled slightly and walked to the bathroom to wash off the steam. ... Twenty minutes later, after purposely delaying in the tub, Max got out to see a new set of sheets on his bed. And two ladies no longer there.

He smiled contentedly, knowing that the Provost was indeed watching him. ...

Morning came just as the night went by.

Instead of the piercing sunlight and cold breeze slipping past the curtain of his room, Max heard the alarm ring through the furnished space of his dorm room, deep within the earth.

Stretching out his limbs, Max got up. Bringing out the other pair of uniform he also received last night and started doing warm up exercises.

Although the base had a fully equipped gym, Max wasn’t stocked with enough outfits to walk around freely, he needed clothes.

Soon after, he was all dressed up. This time, he didn’t pick up his backpack, and coolly stepped out into the hallway with one hand tucked in his pocket.

’I’m hungry as fuck.’

’I heard the cafeteria here is classic.’

While thinking about how he was going to battle the maze hallway to locate the Cafeteria, an idea suddenly sprang in his head.

’Yes. I just need to follow the path which is more bustling.’

At this hour of the morning, everyone was probably heading to the cafeteria to have their stomach stuffed.

Skipping the eyes of a few, Max observed the hallway and calmly followed the path which had the highest trail of Elites.

Just like that, he found himself in a rowdy space that spanned two basketball courts. Clamoring with noise and chatter. The usual order in a cafeteria.

Not far, he found the big isolated glass frame that separated the food counter from the cafeteria space.

Elites crowded around it, receiving huge trays covered with a thin white cloth and headed back to their respective tables.

A minute later, Max was doing the same, leaving with newly acquired knowledge.

The cafeteria here wasn’t for free or something that could be paid for along with school fees.

It all required S points. While he thought he had just a few to spare, Max couldn’t believe it when he checked to see ’3100 S points’.

Talking about points, Max couldn’t help but remember last night.

He hadn’t gone into the bathroom and spent that much time on nothing. He was checking the points rewarded by the system.

[x70 Rewards...] provided a whopping sum of 7000 points. Pushing his promotion points to [70,850/100,000].

Max’s growth speed was massive. It had only been two days since he became an SS Taboo Student and yet reaching the final SSS didn’t seem to be much of a big deal.

Just as he closed in on the nearest empty table—

"Max! Over here." He heard a familiar voice call out to him.

Tilting his head to spot Miles signaling a come sign with his hands.

Seated on the other side of the table were two familiar faces. The bulky youth and the bald one.

Though familiar, Max never really shared words with them yesterday.

But still, someone invited him and he wasn’t going to be rude for no reason.

Not long after, Max joined the table and sat next to Miles who patted his shoulder on arriving.

"Hehehe. Another new addition. An SS Elite at that." Miles commented jokingly.

All SS Elite were aloof and not so reachable for S Elites.

"Have you heard?"

Without letting Max grab his first bite, Miles asked proactively. A broad smile on his face that seemed to affect the other two across the table.

Although they weren’t familiar with Max in the slightest, this was a shared joy for all of them.

’Huh?’

"What?"

Pausing to ask, Max took a huge bite of the small mold of truffle-cream risotto, savoring its sweet taste with a soft sigh.

He was honestly famished after his last night ordeal.

"Hehehe." Miles laughed again and shot the news.

"Instructor May has been fired.

No, no. Miss May now."

Such good news, without knowing he was the mastermind.

Max feigned a look of surprise, acting choked and quickly grabbed the bottle of water in the tray.

"You don’t mean it?"

"I wish. Hehehe." Miles replied, and his smile broadened further.

"Have you checked your S points?"

’Now this is interesting.’

Max stopped to listen with interest as he thought back to the huge amount of S points he currently had.

"No." He uttered shortly, appearing puzzled.

"I bet you’ll be surprised. We all got compensated with 1000 S points."

"Apparently, she was somehow reported for misconduct."

This also puzzled Max but he had a slight suspicion as to what happened behind the scenes.

"That’s huge." Appearing surprised, Max smiled, seeming happy.

Unlike the rest, Max knew he got far more than 1000 S points.

Whatever the Provost was up to, he was prepared.

About 30 minutes later, Max walked for the first time alongside his classmates as they headed to class.

’I finally joined a group.’

On the way, they placed a bet on how their new instructor would look like.

.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 233: Full fledged SS Elite
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

QM: Ash/Gray are same character. Just realized mistake. Sticking with Ash.

Fuck, Kieran/Kael.

’What’s up with the Asian background?’

Just like everyone else in the room, Max drew a stunned look when his eyes fell on their new instructor.

A young jovial man who smirked at their arrival. His skin complexion was close to snow, citing which descent he was from before one could look at the thin slit that was his eyes. No doubt Chinese.

"Welcome."

Before Max and the other three could recover from their daze, the man spoke, his tone expressing a hint of casualness.

"Thank you." Realizing that their thoughts were seen through, Miles was the first to respond. Max followed with a nod and took his seat.

Silence...

"I see we are all present."

The new Instructor said, scanning the classroom as he brought up his tab, glancing at it before casting his gaze on them.

No one said a word, all paying attention to what he wanted to say.

"Most of you don’t seem too happy to see me. My predecessor must have given you a bad impression of a Chinese person I guess."

Heaving a sigh, he shook his head and continued.

"However, fret not guys. I’m cool."

"But first, I would like to make an announcement."

Hearing this, the atmosphere dropped to a chill. The Elites revealed intense looks as there was only one prerequisite to giving an announcement within a class.

’A promotion. Someone is going to be promoted?’

The Elites thought, doubting and guessing who it was before the instructor could reveal it.

"Maximus Rider..."

Silence...

The classroom chilled as everyone skeptically glanced at one another in confusion.

"Huh? Who is that?"

The Instructor spoke again before they could piece together the familiarity in the name.

"Congratulations Max. You’ve met every criterion to be a full fledged SS Elite."

"You’ve graduated this class and can now join your true peers."

The Instructor’s words were like a blow to the Elites, but also cracked something within them.

The whole class’s attention fell on Max who couldn’t even react yet.

"Wait, how? He’s only been here for a day." Someone said absentmindedly but then remembered Max’s performance the previous day and quickly shut up lest he end up embarrassing himself.

’Wow. That’s quick.’

Contrary to the thoughts of the Elite around him, Max didn’t feel like he achieved anything extraordinary.

He just felt he climbed the hierarchy too fast.

"Thank you." Forcing a smile, Max noticed Miles raising a thumbs up in his direction.

"Okay. For someone as exceptional as you, it is wrong that you waste your time here. You should act quick and catch up to Elites before they leave."

"Bye."

Understanding what the Instructor meant, Max got on his feet and left the class. While at it, he uttered an audible goodbye just enough for the class to hear.

This was the best he could do for a one day familiarity.

Appearing before the long indistinguishable maze hallway, Max smiled, this time easily navigating his walk through the branched hallways.

Tagging along Miles and the two other guys turned out to benefit him after they shared their tricks with him.

"Too bad, the group didn’t even last thirty minutes."

Soon after, Max stood before a large door, located at the end of the hallway.

(Available to SS only)

The plaque above the door frame read, stamped with a warning sign.

"Meeting new people is always a stressful phase."

While muttering under his breath, he pushed open the door.

—

’A minute ago.’

"Handsome Kieran."

"You look much prettier today Zara. What might be the secret?"

"I heard cum makes the face smooth without blem——"

"Bastard! Know your boundaries."

Just as he interjected between the two couples flirting, the ash haired youth with a gold chain around his neck got a fierce rebuttal from the pink haired feisty girl.

Seeing Ash back away with an exaggerated look of fear playing on his face, the girl let out a cold harrumph and popped back the candy stick inside her mouth while seductively winking at her boyfriend.

Kieran, the supposedly feared SS Elite who had challenged Max for hanging out with his sister, walked forward and grabbed the girl’s ass with a grin, not minding the fake look of disgust on Ash’s face while shamelessly observing.

Not far away, Sasha, ranked 5th on SS Elite Rank after Evelyn was promoted to SSS, sat with admiring eyes as she watched John, the first Ranked SS Elite, power lift a 500kg weight.

The most he could do was ten repetitions at a time.

But then again, if the world knew, hell would break loose.

Considering this was more than a human could do.

John was no side character, and this was why Sasha tried all she could to date him. Eventually, he agreed after Evelyn rejected him.

Though her pride was wounded, the prize was worth it.

Her eyes lit in admiration as she watched John’s ripped muscles under the strain of the weight. His face flushed.

After five lifts, John dropped the weight and picked up a towel to wipe his body.

"Stop staring."

"You look strong." Sasha commented happily.

"Ash. You Bastard! If only you agreed to date me."

Watching her two best friends flirt with the two boys, Briar felt overwhelmed with jealousy.

Sasha dated the first Ranked Elite, John.

Zara dated the second ranked Elite, Kieran.

In order to complete the circle, she had repeatedly proposed to Ash the third Ranked Elite. But the latter shamelessly rejected her.

Whenever she witnessed such a scene like the present, she questioned her own charm and grace to have one of the top 3 Ranked Elite.

"Hehehe."

Hearing his name, Ash grinned and pointed at Dominic who was lazily chatting on his phone.

"There’s Dominic, you can have him for yourself. You know he has repeatedly shown interest in dating you." Ash sneered.

Meanwhile, Briar’s face flushed slightly upon hearing this. Apart from shame, a bit of contentment filled her.

Someone wanted her. But she knew better.

"That man whore." She cursed, disdain in her voice.

It was no news that Dominic flirted often with girls or anything that wore skirts. His reputation was there as proof.

Dating him would just fulfill one of his freaky fantasies.

"Stop including me in your conversations please."

Dominic responded with a displeased tone, not a bit pleased being referred to as a man whore.

However, just then, the door swung open, drawing their attention to a lone figure.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 234: - Aura show off-
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’What the fuck is going on?’

Max, sighting Kieran and the familiar girl embraced in a not-so-modest hug, thought to himself.

Besides these two, Max spotted three boys and two girls, their eyes affixed on him like he was some sort of alien that invaded their perfect world.

The SS Elite room was supposed to be a classroom. But what Max saw resembled a leisure suite with seven youths lazing about without a care in the world.

’Am I in the wrong place?’ Max thought briefly to himself. He couldn’t be wrong.

The silence extended as they all began to check him out.

Max reciprocated the gesture and came to realize he had once exchanged glances with everyone here except for the dude without a shirt.

Supposedly this was a classroom—no, suite. Meant for Combat-major SS Elites. It took a simple calculation to guess who the guy was.

’So that’s John?’

Meanwhile, unlike Max’s calm assessment, the Elites were beyond shocked by his presence.

’It’s him.’

’What’s he doing here?’

’Shouldn’t it take at least a month to pass the S-Elite test?’

’Huh? Isn’t he Evelyn’s brother who we teased yesterday?’

’Did he lose his way around?’

Though the thoughts between both girl and boy Elites varied, it all still came to one conclusion.

’What was Max doing here?’

As if to answer their questions, Max confidently strode in.

Raising his right hand with his left tucked in his pocket, he waved it slightly and said, ’hello.’

His greeting seemed to shatter their thoughts, forcing them to react.

Ash recovered his jovial façade and smiled, waving right back at him.

–

"Well, if it isn’t the prodigious Max. I thought it’d take a while before our paths crossed again."

Letting go of Zara’s ass, Kieran sneered with stern eyes, not knowing his words resonated with the thoughts of the girls.

It was only yesterday that they directed him to his class. Never did they think he would be here so soon.

Seeing Kieran stride toward Max, Dominic and John exchanged intrigued looks.

Ash almost stepped in, but ultimately chose to watch instead.

"Are you lost," Kieran asked arrogantly, "or just here to snoop around?"

His eyes carried a clear warning. Max had stepped into their territory without following the proper procedure—or so he thought.

’Damnation. I thought I no longer had to deal with these arrogant pricks anymore.’

Max felt irritated to no end. His smooth mingling with S Elites made him forget the arrogance they had towards lower-ranked students.

His eyes got colder the closer Kieran got, exhibiting an extremely nonchalant aura around him.

[Passive Ability: Silent Aura is revealed.]

Max didn’t bother glancing at the system’s pop-up notification.

When he willed his hidden Passive Ability to take effect, the atmosphere surrounding him changed as it began to encroach on the whole space.

Although his silent streak had been disrupted when he said hello moments ago,

his change in temperament was enough to leave everyone present shaken, causing them to assume serious, stern looks.

Max was like a predator who had suddenly torn off his docile disguise.

Facing the full brunt of his presence, Kieran felt like he was walking toward an overwhelming wall that towered above him in everything.

A shallow feeling of inferiority bloomed in his heart as sweat quickly pooled on his forehead.

’What is this feeling?’

As someone who was naturally confident in his ability, birthing unbridled arrogance after he became the second-ranked Elite, Kieran never thought he would feel like this one day. Not even John, the first-ranked SS Elite, could make him feel like this, as the disparity between them wasn’t that large.

While the boys felt threatened and dazed by Max’s temperament, the girls had their eyes affixed on one scene...

Max calmly walked toward Kieran with one hand tucked in his pocket.

Although Kieran had lost much momentum, this little bit of accumulated aura wasn’t going to make him shiver and fall on his knees. He shouldered the inferiority in his heart and kept walking forward despite the invisible pressure.

Soon what should have been a scene of Kieran looking down on Max with pride and arrogance was reversed.

Both figures stopped an arm’s length away.

Max was calm and disdainfully nonchalant, whilst Kieran had beads of sweat trickling down his forehead with a stubborn grin on his face.

’If you want a fight, I will gladly offer you one.’

However, despite his thoughts, Max stunned them—including Kieran.

"Neither. I’m here to stay as an Elite."

When he spoke, the threatening presence about him diffused like a plume of smoke.

The accumulated tension in the air vanished like it was never there.

For unknown reasons, John, Ash, and Dominic instinctively felt relieved.

In contrast, Sasha, Zara, and Briar seemed like they had been freed from a spell, left to reminisce the faint aftertaste of the charm that bewitched them.

Gazing at Max with a renewed impression of him, their eyes hid varying glints from their curious thoughts.

—

"Oh man. I was hoping you two would go in to exchange a couple of blows so I can gauge the standard of our new Elite."

A loud, casual, lukewarm voice instantly diffused the awkward tension that was about to build up, drawing their attention.

Resting on the wall next to the entrance was a man in black pants and a white shirt, the sleeves casually rolled up and a loose tie hanging around his neck, dusting off the butt of a lit cigarette.

The countenance of the Elites didn’t change, expressing that they were familiar with the man.

When they heard the man’s words, however, they glanced at Max—surprise etched on their faces while reserving their thoughts.

"He’s very much earned the right to be here and contend against you if need be."

Clap!

"Enough chit-chat and dress up. Let’s leave here."

With these words, the Elites drew a deep breath and got up, boarding the bus through the secret tunnel till they exited at a private airport.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 235: Flight to Texas
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Fuck me.’

When they got down from the bus, Max couldn’t help but curse inwardly when he spotted the latest generation 0 Sikorsky S-97 Raider chopper sitting silently afar.

He happened to chance an article about it once.

From what he read,

this was the latest, fastest chopper to exist at the moment.

Specifically used by the special unit of armed force for quick impact raids.

Compared to the Super Falcon X jet he flew in yesterday, this held more weight and signified a breakthrough in humanity’s invention.

’It is only day 2. I’m amazed by the luxury Elites enjoy.’

While in thought, the carefree sharp voice of the instructor shook him out.

"Our stop for today is Texas. Let’s get your new buddy here a licence."

’Licence for what?’

Max thought, suddenly feeling dismayed that Miles wasn’t here. Or the youth could have filled him up on all that was happening or going to happen.

After his earlier clash with Kieren, the group acted rather distant.

No one seemed eager to provoke him. But at the same time they didn’t go out of their way to appear friendly either.

Even Ash, the youth who approached him when he first arrived at the Elite Base 2 days ago, kept his distance, glancing in his direction a few times with an unreadable smile on his face.

Kieran kept a frown on his face all the way.

The first ranked SS Elite and the other sly-looking youth chose to sit at his back during the bus ride, so Max couldn’t exactly tell their expression.

The girls, however, had been intensely focused on their phones.

Though they seemed cold and nonchalant now, Max noticed when they stole a glance at him.

’Texas is more than 2 hours away even by flight. Let’s see how this baby does.’

Like all boys, Max was more interested in the classified chopper than the beauties in it.

They all boarded. Their instructor was the last to get in and surprisingly took control of the second pilot seat, slipping on a pair of earphones and speaking to the first pilot. Compared to Miss May, Max felt a flush of embarrassment at the thought.

Despite both being instructors, Max could tell the man before them wasn’t that simple from the way he spoke and even smoked in class. Hoping that his students fought.

---

There were 3 rows of seats within the chopper. Each is able to accommodate 3 persons.

The first and second rows faced opposite sides, their backs parallel to the walls of the cabin. The third row, located at the back, faced the second row, creating a small "face-to-face" arrangement.

Being the second to board, Max chose the first row next to the window, wanting to admire the view later on.

The first ranked SS Elite, who Max now knew to be John, sat on the third row seat, the clingy girl, Sasha, was right next to him. Dominic placidly watched her force herself on the guy while being nudged by her movements repeatedly.

Zara lovingly placed her head on Kieran’s shoulder, pouting after he ignored her. Seemingly lost in thought.

Ash sat next to them, with a nonchalant pose. Unbothered by nothing.

"Alright! Hang on tight, we are taking off," the first pilot’s voice pierced through the cabin, carried clearly over the hum of the rotors.

It was at this time Max realized there was a figure next to him and couldn’t help glancing.

’Briar.’

He recited her name in his mind, recalling what she had been called.

Sensing his gaze, she tilted her head towards him and ushered him a simple smile.

’Hi?’

Noticing her hand slightly raised as she wiggled her fingers at him, Max read her lips.

’Is she trying to talk to me?’

Not that he was going to reject a beauty trying to talk to him, especially when everyone else didn’t want to interact with him.

Max responded with a calm nod, casting his eyes over her appearance without holding back.

Her eyes were deep emerald green. Her hair, jet black, rested over both sides of her shoulders.

She wore a form-fitting ash top underneath her black leather jacket, highlighting her modest-sized boobs and perfectly formed flat tummy. A bit of her cleavage was left to appease the eyes. A thin trace of her bra subtly ran a line beneath.

His eyes rested on them for a second, judging just how firm they would be.

To Max, it was clear that her breasts never got that perfect treatment or never even experienced getting treated right.

’Is she pure?’ The thought couldn’t help but cross his mind, thinking of his sister and Alicia, who were also virgin SS Elites till he plucked their fruits.

Although she didn’t look like it, it could be possible.

---

Seeing Max’s eyes fall to her boobs, Briar almost frowned in disgust, her impression of Max almost dropping to 0.

However, before she could, she noticed how empty his gaze was.

No desire. No fantasy. Not even amusement.

He looked at her like her breasts were made of stone.

Briar was speechless. She couldn’t understand why or how. But her dignity as a girl who savoured attention was challenged.

Not even Ash, who refused her advances, didn’t like seeing her cleavage, and lookedingly praised how good they looked sometimes.

---

Clueless of what was happening in her mind, Max waited a second to see if she would try to forward a conversation before turning to glance through the window.

As of the moment, he felt empty.

His late-night adventure had drawn every bit of lust in him. Currently, he was still spent and recovering. There was no doubt that if he got home today, Thalia would be starving for his cock.

The thoughts of fucking a bunch of SS Elite girls weren’t something he entertained, which was why his gaze was empty.

---

The chopper flew at an amazing speed up high in the air.

The view of the city below was more than breathtaking under the sun. Just as he was lost in wonder, Max felt a soft tap on his thigh, tilting to notice the black screen with a series of words on it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 236: Naughty Exchange -*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

(Your name is Max right?)

These were the words written on the phone’s screen.

Albeit a bit puzzled, Max nodded, meeting her eyes as if asking what she wanted to do.

However, the difference in height was stark. Before a faint blush could taint her cheeks, Briar quickly lowered her neck and began typing a new series of words into it.

(Do you perhaps have interest in the same gender? A nervous emoji.)

Feeling stumped by the words, Max made his confusion apparent by furrowing his brows.

Briar didn’t dare meet his eyes. Eventually he shook his head with a negative nod.

’Could he be lying?’

Briar couldn’t help but think, unable to see through Max’s eyes that seemed to lack interest.

She bit her lips softly with resolve and began typing once more.

(Do you have a girlfriend then?)

’Huh? Where is she heading with this?’

After thinking for a moment. Max didn’t want to play a sneaky bastard just to impress one girl.

He shook his head with a positive nod.

’So he has a girlfriend?’

Briar’s heart fell at that thought. Even more so Max’s admission left her in defeat.

’Couldn’t you at least lie?’

’His sister is prettier than me. Does that mean his girlfriend is more pretty and endowed than me?

And the look in his eyes just now when he looked at my boobs. Empty.

He must like big things.’

A faint blush tinted her cheeks at the thought.

’However, even though I am not big I’m not small either.’

She felt pride at the thought and couldn’t help but take a sneak glance at Max’s face.

He was dangerously handsome no doubt. But more than that. His cold, also nonchalant eyes like he had everything under control made her curious to know more about him.

A deep well of mystery that ensnared the female thoughts into thinking about him. This was Max’s first ability.

The silent kid with a big cock. Any girl who tasted it longed for a reunion.

’He’s my dream type.’

’Even if he has a girlfriend, So what?’

’I’ll snatch him.’

Yes, that’s the spirit.

(My name is Briar. I like a mix of gothic and colours.)

She then handed the phone to him. Make a sign that he should type in a response.

’Sure.’

Admiring her boldness for approaching him, Max didn’t leave her in disappointment.

With every question he answered, he left her drowning deeper in curiosity.

Through the next more than 1 hour. She kept the question coming.

The rest of the Elites had no clue what was happening except for the other two girls. Briar sitting with Max was somehow they planned.

Finally Briar decided to bite the bullet and ask a naughty question.

First she started with.

(What’s your spec? What kind of girls do you feel attracted to?)

Max replied with.

(Beautiful, endowed, nothing specific. All shapes, sizes, have their own disadvantages and advantages. The crazier they are the better though.)

Reading Max’s reply. Briar’s cheeks flushed heavily. Taking a pink colour.

(Spoken like a true veteran. Have you tasted all shapes and sizes?)

’Now that’s an interesting question.’

Max took the phone and began to type in.

(Not yet. Still on the journey. It’s a fantasy I want to fulfill.)

(Laugh emoji. You sound so naughty. Didn’t you say you have a girlfriend? Does she know?) Briar responded, her heart reeling in excitement.

However, Max’s next reply left her astounded

( Yes I am. I also do. She knows. A threesome or more won’t be bad according to her.)

’What’s this? Is his girlfriend a whore? Why would she agree to this?’

’If she doesn’t know how to take care of her guy. I will gladly snatch him for myself?’

While the thoughts resonated in her heart.

Briar didn’t hold back with her next question.

(Sounds fun. You sound pretty much confident in handling two ladies at a time. Laughing, naughty emojis. Are you that good?)

(Yeah. I’m more than confident, not bragging. According to the compliment I’ve received so far. Trust me, you wouldn’t want to know.)

Max felt his dick starting to get warmer up at the thought. And a little bit of thrill from the fact that the other Elites were unaware of the naughty conversation they were having.

Briar didn’t disappoint.

She was left speechless by Max’s reply. If she dared think, her underwear would get wet from the thought.

So she bit her lips, letting the pain relieve her imagination before typing.

( Trust me. Now I want to honestly know.

Wait, how big is your thing?)

She wasn’t specific, but Max noticed when she glanced at his groin.

(Never really measured it. But they call it a destroyer. Seeing is believing they say. Bigger than this- a pointing finger emoji towards a plantain emoji.)

When Briar read it, her breath caught in her throat, her pupils constricted but she was able to hide it.

’Bigger than a plantain?’

Then she tried to imagine the sight.

(That’s not possible. I’m afraid you might be lying.)

(Well. If you want to verify. I’m cool. What do you say?)

(Yes. There’s an exclusive restroom in the range. Let’s meet there on my signal.)

Despite having typed these words, Briar’s mind screamed at her. She felt nervous.

’No Briar, what are you doing? How can you go this far with a boy you just barely met. It hasn’t even been 3 hours since you saw him and you’re planning to see his dick?

What if, what if we did it. My first time with a boy I barely know?’

Briar’s rational thoughts gnawed at her decision. She kept her virginity to herself all these years and may lose it to the boy she saw for the first time yesterday and then today within 3 hours.

However, no matter how her rational thought tried to force her out. Her curiosity was deep. So deep that when she met Max’s eyes her heart went wild. Filling her with nervousness.

She had never felt this way about anyone. But with Max, rationality didn’t matter, only curiosity desire into something forbidden and thrilling.

’Well. What a surprise.Lets see where things end.’

Max felt excited, also expecting a bit of thrill.

’But wait, did she just mention range?’

’Are we going to a shooting range?’

Just as Max concluded this, the Instructor’s voice came from the com radio above their heads.

"Alright fellas. We are here."

"Wait. The Strazhs are here?"

Ash’s voice drew everyone to glance down at a group of alighting students from a similar chopper.

’Interesting.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 237: Do you want to see it now?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Strazh Academy was a Russian-based school rather focused on combat specialists.

In English, its name was translated to Sentinels Academy.

The chopper landed and they all alighted.

Welcoming them was a tall two-story corporate building.

(Urban Line Private Firearm Centre.)

There was no other building in the surrounding area 1 km away.

While on the chopper, Aiden had also spotted the huge outdoor shooting range behind the building.

’I’m here to get a gun licence?’ Max thought in disbelief. Excited by the thought.

Under the lead of the instructor, they all walked into the building.

The interior was simple and clean. Bright LED panels lined the ceiling, casting a white glow across polished concrete floors.

The reception area consisted of a long counter of reinforced glass where firearms could be checked in and out.

Behind it, racks of neatly arranged pistols, earmuffs, goggles, and protective vests were on display through locked transparent cabinets.

The building looked empty.

Other than the mysterious man with shades on by the reception counter, Max noted it was only the Elite group and Strazh, aka Sentinels, present.

’Truly sounds like a secret training base for something the whole world government is trying to hide from the public view.’

The Sentinels had gone ahead, shoving through the tinted glass doors. Distant voices could be heard conversing in Russian language amidst laughter.

Though the instructor still had a carefree look, Max noticed the soiled look on the Elites’ faces.

Just as he felt puzzled, he soon got to know why.

"Okay. John, Kieran, Ash, and Leo. You boys know what is coming for you, right?"

"You lost against them last time, so make sure not to lose this time."

"Head to the outdoor range."

Then winking at the girls, the instructor flashed a smile.

"You girls can sit and watch the show."

The four boys shoved through the tinted glass doors without a word. The girls exchanged glances and then followed.

Max was left alone, facing the carefree instructor’s gaze.

"Oh well. You can call me Mr. Arlo, by the way." He suddenly said, patting Max by the shoulder as he turned to the shaded man behind the counter.

"We have a new addition. He’s going to need a gun and shooting after this."

The man behind the counter didn’t say a word and barely nodded while adjusting his pair of dark shades.

"Cool."

"Let’s go." He said to Max.

They shoved through the tinted glass doors and appeared on a long stretch corridor with a door at the other end.

There were two doors stationed on each side of the corridor.

Mr. Arlo led Max through the first one on the right. And when he stepped in, Max was left speechlessly mesmerized by the sight.

A neatly stacked weapon vault separated in sections.

’Handguns, Revolvers, Shotguns, Rifles, Tactical, SMGs.’

Max read each label in daze.

He saw it.

Glocks, Colt Python, Mossberg 500, MP5s.

The weapons here were enough to equip 5 fully functional squads or elite units.

"Tell me. Seeing all this, which gun do you feel the most excitement towards?" the instructor suddenly asked, his arms folded as he stood by the side.

’Should I say everything?’

Although he was tempted, Max pointed at a black, sleek, fashionable shotgun displayed neatly on the shelf.

"Oh. Just what we needed." The instructor commented, seemingly impressed with Aiden’s choice. Not expecting him to still point his hand.

"And that." Aiden pointed at the sleek Desert Eagle with white grip.

"I see. Long and quick short-range then."

"Have you handled any of both before?" the instructor asked.

’Sure. If in game counts.’

But Max knew better than to say this.

He simply shook his head, making a negative nod.

"I thought so."

"Grab the Desert Eagle and follow me."

Max did as he was told, grabbing a firearm for the first time.

They exited the door and entered the one directly opposite.

Just as he was about to wonder, he couldn’t help but marvel inwardly.

The space was actually an indoor shooting range divided into fifteen individual lanes.

Mechanical target tracks hummed softly as they slid back and forth with cardboard silhouettes.

Boxes of ammunition were kept near the shooter stand. Be it SMG or shotgun ammo.

"You can practice here for today. Once you’ve exhausted the cardboard sheet, replace it and leave it there. I’ll review your skills after this. Remove that safety though."

With that said, Max felt the instructor’s hard grip on his shoulder before dashing through the door.

’What the fuck? He doesn’t seem willing to take his time but wants to watch the other guys’ challenge.’

Shaking his head with a wry smile, Max placed the gun on the counter and put on earmuffs.

If anything, all his senses had gone through a bit of adjustment. Leaving his ears exposed for a long time while he practiced wasn’t going to be a good experience.

"Let’s see how this works."

Unleashing his curiosity, Max removed the safety and pressed the trigger.

Bang!

A deafening, sharp boom erupted, stunning Max.

Max held his breath and stared in daze at the gun.

His grip had been slightly loose, so the recoil took him by surprise. He completely missed the shot.

’What was I even thinking?’

Max tightened his grip and shot again.

This time the recoil muffled under his true strength, his grip firm.

But he still missed the shot due to his split focus.

Max kept trying a few times, managing to finally hit the cardboard sheet.

"Yes."

Seconds later, he was just slipping in new ammunition into the depleted gun magazine when the sound of the door forced him to glance towards it.

There Briar stood with an awkward smile, gazing at him.

"Hi. Am I interrupting?" She said, fidgeting her fingers before walking closer.

Max dropped the magazine and also turned to face her.

"Not really." Max responded composedly as he cleaned his sweaty fingers.

"Okay." Briar kept approaching till she was just two steps away from him.

They both stood in silence for a second before Max decided to break the ice or she at least changed her mind.

"Do you want to see it now?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 238: Bad boy-*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Do you want to see it now?"

Hearing Max’s bold words, Briar’s heart shook a little.

Although she had been the one to taunt him. It had only been in writing. She wouldn’t dare say such words without melting to tomato paste.

This confident uncaring side of Max charmed her even more.

Briar shook her head lightly in response. Her eyes peeked at his groin from the lower corner of her eyes.

"Here."

Click!

The click of Max unbuckling his belt was the only thing that could be heard.

He undid it and calmly separated the buttons apart. Revealing a peek of his clean underwear.

Not that it mattered, Briar’s heartbeat shot up at the sight. Her curiosity to what was hidden just underneath became restless.

She almost could no longer hold it in by the time Max pulled down the zip.

For her, time seemed to slow down. Her throat parched and dry from the psychological burden.

With a swift slip. The almighty destroyer bounced out like a superstar flexing under the attention of fans.

Max was just half erect. But Briar’s reaction was the most epic of all time.

Her legs became weak and she instinctively took a step back.

’What is this?’

’It is indeed a banana. No, much bigger than a banana.’

The atmosphere stilled in silence as she kept her gaze fixated on the half erect monstrosity lazily letting her view it.

’Best reaction so far.’

Ever so rarely, Max felt pride. Letting Briar worship his cock in a daze.

...

Eventually she managed to compose herself. But avoided meeting Max’s gaze or cock even if her whole body told her to admire it.

The only option left was to stare at his chest. Arching her back slightly downward without a word.

Observing the sudden development. Casting his gaze down at her. Max couldn’t hold back the silent smirk that broke on his face.

— Because he knew that engine that pushed her to explore her curiosity had broken down.

Currently, this was a sign that she was surrendering herself to him.

Her courage could only go so far and it was his turn to take charge.

—

’Oh Briar, what are you even doing here?’

’Why are you here?’

’You brought this upon yourself.’

’His dick is so big.’

’It should be called a big white cock not a dick.’

’Oh my gosh he called it a destroyer.’

’Truly. He wasn’t lying. He never lied.’

’Is this why his girlfriend needs another companion to please him?’

Briar’s whole body was disconnected from the physical realm at this point.

It was just her. Her thoughts, and imagination. Swirling around Max.

However, at this moment she felt a towering presence next to her and her dazed eyes regained some glint into them.

It was Max.

’He is so close.’ She thought. At the same time realizing that his big banana was pointed at her belly due to the height difference.

’He’s—’

Before her thoughts could go on further rampage. Max’s warm fingers gently held her chin up, silencing her thoughts.

She looked up into his eyes, and was captured by the lewd, thrilling fantasies contained within them. Uncaring if she was one it would be vented upon.

At this moment, Briar felt the fantasies and erotic knowledge within her mind take hold of her emotions.

"What do you say? Want to grab a feel?"

Max’s voice was as enchanting as a male voice could ever be.

With a slow, gentle whisper, he shattered her psychological restraint.

"Yes."

The word barely left her lips when she felt his hand guide her wrist.

It was warm at first. But the instant he pressed her fingers to fold around its girth.

The docile slumbering banana felt like it had been imbued with life and filled with new purpose.

Her eyes widened in surprise as she felt both the girth and length quickly increase.

Its soft elasticity being replaced by a hard veiny weapon.

It was hot to touch. Nestling into her palm like a baby seeking warmth.

At this moment, she noticed the smirk on Max’s face.

However, she couldn’t resist.

His cock bumped a few times as if telling her to stroke it.

Hot and dry. She let her hand explore. Her palm failing to circle its full girth.

She didn’t want to look down at the weapon in her hand knowing how scared she would feel imagining him slide it into her.

"Hmmm."

Feeling her soft delicate palm stroke him slowly while trying to extend a circle around his girth. Max let out a low ecstasied growl.

Relishing the thrill for a moment before his eyes paired open into hers.

’She wants this to go further but her standard for romance wouldn’t let her regard herself as a slut. Going straight on her knees to suck it.’

A sly glint flashed in Max’s eyes. He accepted her standard and didn’t shred her dignity.

Romance after all was cruel and dirty depending on who.

Same women who looked at perverts with disgust were probably in love with a psychotic character in a novel.

Although they deny. Saying it was just a non-existing person. Their fantasies and expectations were well relived.

A little bit of romance was all that is needed to unlock that dirty submission.

Knowing this, Max’s smirk broadened to a smile.

He pulled down Briar’s chin and slowly, gazing into her eye, pressed his lips against hers.

"Hmmmm—." She let out a soft hum. Hungrily reciprocating while accelerating the stroking of his cock.

"Hmmm—"

Max devoured her lips not holding back.

At some point, he grabbed her neck and deepened the kiss further.

It was only about two minutes later that they both stopped.

Briar’s eyes revealed joy in the fact that Max was a great kisser. The experience was the greatest of what she tasted so far. The passionate romance in the way he held her also completely melted her heart.

What was left?

—

"Bad boy."

Briar placed her left index finger on his lips, whispering with a seductive look in her eyes as she got down on her knees.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 239: Briar**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Bad boy."

Although she said this. Briar felt nervous about putting something so big in her mouth.

Going on her knees before Max and his cock. Her eyes directly face it.

A moment of silence passed as she scrutinized the details of his member. Her inside heating at the thought and soaking her underwear.

"Hmmm–"

With enough courage, she softly began to stroke her fingers over the meaty weapon. Sweeping back strands of hair that posed to obstruct her, before moving her mouth closer.

Gentle, nervous, and nouveau.

Max felt the raging emotions pressed into her lips latch around the cap of his dick.

She engulfed him in the warmth of her mouth and quickly flicked her tongue around it.

Max let out a low growl. Clenching his fist to hold back his wicked urges.

As usual the feeling was superb. But Briar’s lack of experience made it more exciting.

Especially in the manner she tried to take him deeper.

Savouring the sensation Max watched her bob her head over his cock.

She licked the head like it was a pop stick. Practically doing wonders to it. Her hot nervous breath over his cock granted a pleasure of its own.

Other than sucking the cap though. Briar found it difficult to handle his long cock and girth.

Eventually, Max decided to step in.

He held his cock and guided her tongue to lick it straight from the glans.

He didn’t direct her knowing it would hurt her pride and even reject the experience they were having.

So Max let her try things out herself.

If she truly wanted to suck down to his shaft. Then she would have to let go of her mental restraint and switch to a slut mode.

Slowly and steady. Briar’s strokes started to fasten. Turning erratic, the reach of her lips soon extended past the tip for the first time.

It has only been a minute or two. But Briar proved herself to be quite great at adapting.

"Hmmmm-"

Briar shook her head with his cock inside her mouth before suddenly pulling out to glance up at him.

"Aren’t you here for training? Keep on with it."

Slurp!

Her eyes were focused on him. Innocently gulping about half his cock at this point.

Seeing her innocent yet seductive eyes, Max groaned and loaded the magazine into the Desert Eagle pistol.

Pow!

The shoot rang out. Max woefully missed due to lack of concentration.

Pow! Pow!...

"Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!"

Feeling intense thrill in their current position. Briar sluttily gazed up at Max. Forming cute innocent eyes as she slurped his dick hard.

Spitting saliva precum over his cock to smoothen her strokes.

"Pow! Pow! Pow!"

"Hmmm– hmmm- hmmm– slurp!"

Max almost faltered from the bliss. Thrill coursed through him, almost overwhelming him with pressure of straining his mind between two things.

But he preserved through. Straining his eyes to focus on the cardboard target.

Eventually hitting it right.

—

Meanwhile –

’Isn’t he going to cum?’ Briar couldn’t help but wonder. Starting to feel her arms sore from the repeated strokes.

Max’s cock didn’t seem like it was going to spew out seeds anytime soon.

Pow!

He kept shooting till the magazine ran out.

Silence took form once more, apart from the occasional slurping sounds.

However, just then. Before Max or Briar could react. The door burst open under someone’s kick. And two figures stepped in. Their laughs seizing as they clashed eyes with Max and Briar.

—-

Moments earlier.

Viktoria and Valeria could be seen exiting the outdoor range with a fierce competition between both schools going on.

They were twins. Having the same set of almost magical blue eyes and long dark blonde hairs made them a source of amazement to many. Often attracting the attention of both genders.

Life was hard at first with constant bullying. But things took a turn after they started growing.

Currently 18, all that mocked them came crawling to date them.

Viktoria was slim with a captivating slender waist. Having a set of big round boobs that made her look like a sex toy.

Valeria in contrast was thick, her ass and thigh accentuating a perfect curve. But lacked breasts like her older twin sister’s.

Both girls were like the missing puzzle piece of each other.

Through thick and thin, they would always stay by each other’s side. And that included visiting the restroom.

They had just finished and were admiring their beauty in the mirror when Valeria’s eyes suddenly glinted with confusion.

"Wait. Didn’t that chick from earlier also go to use the restroom?" She spoke with a thick Russian accent.

Beside her, Viktoria froze and nodded in agreement.

Exchanging a suspicious glance between themselves. They smirked and swept their dark blonde hair behind.

"She’s definitely up to something."

Each of the rooms in the building were 109% soundproofed so no sound could be heard in the corridor.

They first checked the weaponry, expecting that Briar was there to steal some weapons.

They searched through it for 2 minutes. But Briar couldn’t be found even in the dark that seemed to be the best place to hide.

Thinking maybe she had managed to elude and headed back to the outdoor range. They exited the weaponry and decided to check the indoor range. Not expecting anything since there was no new recruit.

Laughing as they stepped in. They both froze, mouths slightly ajar in shock.

Behold, the girl they were in search of was gladly on her knees. Slurping on a guy’s dick as he practiced his shooting.

’Crazy.’

They thought in complete amazement, while noting that Max was also unfamiliar.

From his uniform, however, they could instantly tell that he was from Elite Metropolitan.

"Look at that cock." Valeria’s whisper caused Viktoria to suddenly look closer.

Her heart almost leaped from her chest when she noticed how big Max’s dick actually was.

Both twins felt deeply shaken.

They once tried having sex a few years back. But the experience completely made them disregard the opposite gender. Choosing to be each other’s lover instead.

But now. Their choices wavered. The boys in their school had tried countless times to woo them but failed each time.

Max’s cock was much bigger than the biggest dildo they had ever used.

Something so big drawn in fleshy form caused their throat to dry from the imagination.

Besides, there was Briar. Someone equal to them in position already slurping it hard but failed to go down his shaft.

From the look of things, she needed help.

Both twins had similar thoughts. Instinctively exchanging a knowing glance.

Briar felt her chest racing rapidly at the sight of the two girls. Thinking she would be screwed for life.

However, the girl’s words left her speechless.

"Mind if we join?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 240: Valeria and Viktoria -*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Can we join?"

Such sweet words, coming from two hot Russian old teens the dream of many. Yet, Max didn’t seem to budge on their offer. Casting his gaze downward at Briar.

She was the first to claim his cock so it was hers to decide.

Meanwhile, Briar went off radar. Contrary to what Max thought.

’Viktoria and Valeria? Are they crazy?’

Due to being familiar with the twin Russian girls. Briar knew just how much they hated males. Even so that their lesbian love for each other wasn’t something they hid.

But now, just after walking on her slurping on Max’s rod. It was as if their hate was a false claim. Even asking to join.

Briar thought they were most likely playing a joke on her. But Valeria’s next words threw her off guard.

"Look at you. You don’t seem to be faring well with that."

Briar felt embarrassed by these words but knew it was just as she said.

Half of Max’s cock was the limit she could slurp on. No matter how hard she tried. The fear from each time she felt him sliding a bit down her throat made her quickly pull out.

Currently her chin was stained with precum mixed saliva. And her wrist was sore from the relentless stroking.

Despite all her effort, Max was still as rigid as a steel pipe.

With these facts quickly summed in her head. Briar realised she had no choice.

Reluctantly, letting go of her grip over Max’s rod. She stood up.

"Come girl. You look a bit too rough. Let me clean you up."

Viktoria stepped forward and brought out a handkerchief.

While wiping Briar’s face though. She curled up a smile and whispered-

"If you want I can help you clean it in a better way."

Viktoria softly grabbed Briar’s chest, fondled it and then pointed at Valeria.

"Now watch and learn." She whispered.

As the scene unfolded, Briar’s eyes constantly widened.

—

"What a monster- I want to feel this in my cunt." She whispered the later sentence in his ears. Her rich Russian accent containing an allure of its own.

She let her cold hands slowly stroke his cock. Smirking at him as she went on her knees.

" Hmmm– " she breathed in the scent over his cock, savouring it with a naughty look.

"Such a huge cock." Valeria kissed the tip and gazed up at him with cute eyes.

That look alone stirred Max’s desire. His cold silent composure since they arrived shattering into fragments.

Feeling the warmth of mouth as she took him in. Max growled in bliss.

Surprisingly, unlike Briar she continued taking him deeper without pause. Soon his cock was 7 inches deep and a bulge became visible around her throat.

Valeria’s face flushed. Revealing she was experiencing intense suffocation. But however, she seemed to deeply enjoy this extreme style.

She bobbed her head, sucking his deep throat with gagging sound before pulling out seconds later.

" Argh." Max growled, closing his eyes in bliss.

’Such wild carnal experience. She’s going to bring me to edge if this continues sooner.’ He thought, suddenly grabbing the reloaded Desert Eagle and fired it at the mark.

Valeria jerked slightly in fright. But as soon as she saw Max pointing the gun, she realised what he wanted to do and smiled mischievously.

Bang! Bang! The second shot rang, then the third.

Through the recoil, Max managed to disrupt the flow of bliss within him. Retaining himself from being lost in ecstasy.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

Valeria also levelled up her game.

She took him 8 inches, filling her throat with gag sounds amidst the gunshots.

Max was nearing his edge his edge at this point.

His instinct screamed, that he should grab her head and give her the best possible deep throat mouth fuck that she would never forget.

However, Max restrained his carnal emotions. Focusing on his mark to disrupt the ecstasy.

Slurp!

Valeria pulled out, staring at his saliva precum dripping cock and smiled. Admiring the pulsing veins running through it.

"This isn’t going to end fun. Shall we make it."

She gazed up at him, pouting while softly stroking his slippery shaft.

Max didn’t say a word but nodded in acceptance.

"A boob job would have done it, but..." she raised her big set of round young milkers and pouted before smiling catching his eyes.

"-I want to know how it would feel inside me."

Her eyes showed a fanatic glint as she said this.

Meanwhile to the side. Viktoria pouted jealously but managed to slip her hands to perfectly cup Briar’s boobs through her chest. Massaging them softly.

Briar was too speechless,and could only writhe in silence. Watching the next scene play.

Valeria got off her knees and pulled down her sweatpants to reveal her exceptionally fair ass. Although not was gifted as her twin sister in this aspect. Her ass wasn’t average either. It contained properties that made touching it worthwhile.

’Wow. She doesn’t even have a underwear on.’

But as if reading Briar’s thought- "Oh. This is a kink of mine. Hope you don’t mind."

Max responded with a positive nod. He could feel his cock aching to dive into the exceptionally pinkish slit he saw when she bent just now.

With that, Valeria flashed him a smile and bent over on the shooting counter. Presenting her ass to him.

’Fuck!’

Max inwardly cursed at the sight but didn’t hesitate.

He firmly grabbed one portion of her ass. Becoming surprised by how balloon like and soft it felt.

And held his cock to position with his other hand.

"Hmmmm-" Valeria moaned from his firm grip.

" Ahhhhhhhh!" And moaned louder when she felt the tip of his destroyer. Expanding her entrance like an invading alien ship.

Its seething warmth and every veins could be felt inside her.

Valeria gasped louder, gasping as Max thrusted inward once more.

Spank! Spank! Spank!

Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh!

In place of gunshots. The sound of Max smacking her ass rang out loud amidst the moan.

"Fuck! You’re making me come too quick- Ahhhhhhhh!"

Valeria moaned one last time, her legs buckling from the intense sensation of her orgasm.

Following his last thrust, Max pulled out just in time to spill his seeds on her ass cheeks.

.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 241: Shoot Licence acquired!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Briar watched with wide eyes. Not expecting things to turn out this way.

Valeria receiving back shots over the shooting counter and Max spilling his seeds over her ass.

Briar felt horny. Her whole being wanted to be subjected to such acts.

But she was a virgin, a secret she knew that would soon be exposed.

Contrary to her reserved self. Viktoria fingered herself to the sight of Max’s brutal back shots with her twin sister on the receiving end.

"Hmmmmmm!" She moaned loudly and came on her fingers.

Max saw this and felt his lust reignite. However, he managed to quickly subdue his emotions.

"Hmmmm-." Relishing the warmth of Max’s dick inside. Valeria inhaled before pulling up her pants.

She glanced at Max’s shrinking cock, and dove on her knees one more time. Sucking every cum from it.

"Such a big cock white boy. Too bad this has to end short."

Viktoria winked at him.

"We are most likely done here. I’ll make sure you fuck me too the next time we meet."

With that, the Russian girls left the range.

Left alone with Briar, Max glanced at her flushed face.

"I’m sorry. I also have to use the restroom." Briar avoided his gaze and hurriedly left.

"Just as I thought." Max smirked at her departing figure. Closing his eyes as he listened to the system reward him.

[x45 Rewards and stats.]

[7,5350/100,000]

With just 25,000 promotion Points to advance. Max grinned, wondering what it would be like to advance to the next rank and the reward for completing the quest.

To prevent any coincidental suspicion. Max didn’t head to the restroom.

Willing the Nexus Shop interface. A list of items appeared on the holographic screen.

To mask the heavy scent of sex on him. He bought a common grade item. A perfume that increased girls’ impression of him when inhaled.

Spraying some in the air. Max resumed his shooting practice.

30 minutes passed by.

Max’s palms were red and numb from the constant shooting and recoil. His arms weren’t less hurt in the process but he didn’t slack off, learning to zoom in and out with his clear vision.

If he could easily read his opponent’s movement while fighting. Why not learn to precisely hit the enemy.

Max never missed a shot since the last ten reloads. Not just that, every bullet hit where he intended.

’To think guns are this hard to handle. Movies are really a joke.’

Max stretched out his palms repeatedly, wanting to ease out the blood flow and return the colour back to normal.

However, just then. The door was pushed open and the Instructor walked in. Followed by the defeated group of Elites behind him.

At the sight of Max’s reddish palms and stacked cardboard papers at the other end of the counter. The Elites exchange looks, except for Briar who strangely stood at the back.

’Quite the devoted one you are.’ The Instructor gave an impressed nod as he walked past Max and picked up the piece of cardboard papers.

His attitude was nonchalant at first. Backed with the experience of someone who had seen the worst life had to offer.

But then as he swiped out another piece of cardboard paper. His skeptical eyes revealed doubt.

He swiped out another cardboard paper yet the same astonishing result.

Under the Elites’ stunned eyes, they saw their instructor drop the pile of stacked papers. Divided it into 3 stacks, and frantically slipped out the last paper buried under the stack.

’Just like I thought.’

Nonchalant of the Elites reaction, the man studied the first set of cardboard papers.

Each hole tore through it seemed like it was a work of luck rather than skill.

However as he began to glance at every cardboard paper. The difference became clear as day.

Meaning Max had advanced his shooting skills in such a rapid manner within an hour or so.

’This... this is insane. With this talent alone. The top security teams across the world will go crazy to acquire or kill him.’

Realizing this, he quickly controlled his emotions and glanced at Max.

"This is good. Next time we are challenging those Russian boys, you’ll be our ace."

The Elites were stunned, their eyes widened in Max’s direction.

’What did the instructor see in those papers?’ they thought.

Max merely gave it a thought. Feeling it was natural.

Meanwhile, Briar was confused.

Knowing fully that Max never really had the time to practice his shooting skills. No one receiving a blow job or fucking cold be so good.

’Did he do that in just thirty minutes?’ Briar wasn’t a dumb wit. She came to a quick conclusion through her combat strategist mind.

Max was a genius than they all thought or could imagine.

"Compared to John and the rest. They can’t even compare." A sudden idea struck her mind, further reinforcing her decision to give herself to Max when the time was right.

There was no doubt he would advance to SSS Rank soon if he didn’t hold.

And if she was known to be his girlfriend her status would outshine Sasha and Zara.

"Come let’s go get your licence."

Picking the Desert Eagle, the Instructor led them out.

The whole group was silent. No one said a word as they casually followed.

When they got to the counter. Max was surprised to see two certificates waiting for him to sign.

A shooting and gun licence.

More than that, Max saw that the procedures of the shooting licence were lax than public one. He could really kill someone as long as the person showed intent to do the same. Though after that he may be put to trial, as long as there was evidence and witnesses. He would be free.

’Damn.’ Max watched as the certificates were slipped into an envelope and handed down to him.

But just as he thought things couldn’t get better.

He saw the instructor clean the Desert Eagle with a white handkerchief and placed it in a box.

"Later, this will be mailed to your home address so be careful to use it."

The rest of the Elites didn’t seem surprised, making Aiden realize that they probably had one too.

’This is getting too fucked up.’ Keeping his thoughts to himself, Max followed.

The Sentinels already left.

After boarding the chopper, it took flight.

Surprisingly, Briar still chose to sit beside him.

"Home sweet home."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 242: Return*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After arriving back at the Elite Base and avoiding an awkward interaction with the rest of the SS Elites, Max took off home in his Lamborghini.

The asphalt road of the estate was just as empty as always. Max sped through, slowing down moments later as he drove past Mrs Dalia’s house.

Surprisingly there was no sign of her car parked within the vicinity despite it being close to 5pm.

’That means, Thalia must be home alone. I need a bath first.’ Max thought to himself, slowing down as he pulled into the driveway of his father’s house.

However, just when he turned off the roaring engine and stepped out. He heard a loud call that forced him to tilt his head.

"Neighbour!"

It was the dark skinned lady who recently moved in, and happened to deliver his car by chance.

She probably walked for a big transportation company but Max honestly couldn’t figure out how she managed to afford the house.

"Right, she said her husband is out the last time. He must have purchased it."

Watching her get down from her black luxurious vehicle which made him reassess her position in the company she worked for. Max closed the door and kindly waited, his eyes on her.

She was dressed in simple casual clothing. A loose fitting pants and oversized sweater.

When she increased her pace, he could clearly see the outline of her jingling boobs.

’Right. I completely forgot she gave me the code to her house on the first meeting.’

" Good day Mrs Diane." Contrary to his thoughts, Max feigned a subtle smile and nodded slightly in greeting.

"I’m not that young, you know. Recently just stepped into my thirties." Mrs Diane flashed him a smile as she swept her curly hair.

Max nodded.

"Oh my bad. Miss Diane then."

"Yes, you get it." She giggled and nudged his shoulder playfully.

Not expecting such a bold move from such an older woman. Max decided to test the waters.

"What about your husband? Is he yet to return from his trip?"

Hearing this, Daine revealed an ’oh’ expression.

"My bad, my bad-" she held her hand to the chest.

"-Actually we’ve been divorced before I decided a change of scenery and job."

"I’m sorry about that." Realizing he had poked a nest, Max quickly apologized.

However, she didn’t seem to care much.

"You know. It’s hard to say the truth about stuff like this on the first meeting."

"I understand." Max replied.

"Talking about the first meeting. I was hoping you would stop by after I told you my code."

She feigned a wronged look.

"Apologies, I’ve been stressed with studies."

Diane revealed a surprised look when she heard this.

" You’re in school?"

Max nodded.

" You look so fine and mature though." She added with a sly smile. Her voice softened to a tease.

" I’m new around here and never really got to see much. How about you treat me to a little bit of sightseeing for failing to stop by."

Although stunned, Max nodded.

"This weekend. Saturday then."

"Oh I like that. I’ll be in my finest dress on that day."

"Sure."

With that, she winked at him and walked back to her car. Not without giving him a good show of her quite thick ass tho.

Shaking his head as she drove off. Max walked inside the duplex.

"Home, sweet home."

.

After taking a look to see everything was in order. Max quickly showered, dressed in casual clothing and stepped out to Mrs Dalia’s home.

A bit relieved that she was yet to be back, Max pressed the door bell.

Ding Dong!

Ding Dong!

Inside the house, Thalia let out an exasperated breath as she got up to answer the door.

’Is he back?’ She thought, hastening her steps with hope in her heart.

Yesterday, she had told her mom that it was better Max come pick her up. But unexpectedly, his line was unreachable even after several trials.

He didn’t arrive home last night either. And this morning, she was hella worried.

Dressed in a black baggy shirt and jeans bum shorts, Thalia opened the door and her eyes widened.

It was as if time froze.

Max stared into her pensive eyes with a calm, composed hair around him.

Suddenly-

"Max!" Thalia let go of the door and jumped, slamming into him with her arms almost squeezing the life out of him at the same time.

Max reacted firmly, using one arm to raise up her ass and wrapped the other against her back.

Feeling his firm hands all over, Thalia melted even more and closed her eyes.

Finally, about a minute later. Thalia managed to open her eyes and poured softly next to his ear.

"Where have you been? We thought something bad must have happened to you."

’We?’ Max’s thoughts spinned for a split second before realizing Mrs Dalia must have been worried too.

"I’m sorry for not calling. School has been so stressful lately. I had to sleep in my dorm room."

Though the later part of his words seemed to have puzzled her, Thalia inhaled a deep scent of him and closed her eyes, squeezing her chest against him.

It seemed like the depth of his absence had let her sort out the feelings she had for him and wasn’t shy about expressing them.

"I missed you." She whispered faintly, her face flushing slightly. But of course knew the context hidden between those words since he felt her heart race increase.

"I missed you too."

With that, Max placed a kiss on her cheeks making her let go of him.

"Let’s go in." she said.

"What about Mrs Dalia, your Mom?" Max spoke as they stepped inside holding hands.

"She left 40 minutes for an emergency at her company. She won’t be till 8."

Thalia turned to him, as she led him to the furnished sitting room.

Sitting on the couch, their fingers intertwined with Thalia on her feet.

"Would you like some water?" She asked, but Max’s grip suddenly tightened and pulled her to collapse on his sitting form.

With their faces, hair breaths away from each other. He replied, staring straight into her eyes.

"I would like to have you instead."

Knowing it was what she wanted. Thalia giggled and straddled him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 243: Caught***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the luxurious setting Mrs Dalia’s home, consistent smooching sounds resounded through the living room.

Thalia straddled Max over the long couch.

Their tongues were entwined, releasing a muffled ’hmmmm’ as they savoured each other.

Max’s right hand had a firm hold of Thalia’s ass, massaging both cheeks through her jean bum-shorts while his left hand slipped underneath her baggy shirt, pressing hard against her back through skin contact.

Thalia also didn’t hold back; she slowly grinded against the poking monstrosity through his pants, while holding both sides of his neck and roughly moaned into his mouth.

A moment of heated passionate desires.

It continued for a minute or two before they could no longer take it.

Max let go and raised up his arms. Thalia hungrily pulled it off, throwing it to the gods know where.

A split moment later she did the same, raising up her arms.

Max easily slipped off the shirt, swiftly revealing her cute twin fair boobs.

’They look slightly bigger than the last time.’

Throwing his thoughts away, Max instantly latched on a mound.

His action was like a starved child.

Thalia jolted from the pleasure, releasing a sharp, blissful moan.

In the next moment, her hand moved with reflex and pressed Max’s head encouragingly.

"Hmmmm—yesss. Suck my titssssss! Ahhhh–!"

Her moans were erotic lullabies.

While at it, he moved his hand to unclip the buttons of her shorts, just as she did the same by slipping his pants.

When it was done, Max let go of her breast and they hastily separated.

Raising slightly from the couch, Thalia slipped down his pants and innerwear in one swoop.

The next instant, his bulging, veiny, thick, 9-inch destroyer bounced freely from his cage and stood erect like a spear.

Thalia’s heart spiked at the sight.

Two days ago, Max had used this to widen her pussy. Currently, she was dripping wet just to take him in once more. The feeling of being filled and stretched to the very limit was engraved deeply in her heart.

Max also didn’t hesitate; he wanted to feel the warmth of her wet, slimy inner sanctum.

He let her stand up and drew down the shorts. She had no underwear, which made the view exciting.

Now that they were both naked, it was time to get started.

Biting her lower lip, Thalia held one hand to Max’s shoulder for support and then lowered her body.

Feeling her cold grip around his seething member, Max groaned in pleasure.

Slowly and gently, the tip of his cock slipped past both folds.

Thalia’s grip on his shoulder tightened. She let out a loud gasping moan with closed eyes, showing no hint of stopping.

Thalia could feel her whole body squirm in delight.

The walls of her pussy pleasingly welcomed the intruder, tightening around it in an attempt to suffocate it.

But against the seething rod, the walls expanded involuntarily.

"Yesss!" Thalia let out an ecstatic scream and orgasmed the instant she enveloped the whole of his length inside her.

She stopped, shuddering in bliss.

Max also savoured the sensation of her orgasm all around his cock.

About five seconds passed; Thalia managed to recover.

She raised a little and sat back down, starting to create a rhythm.

"Hmmmm–ahhhhh... yesss." Thalia moaned out as she began rocking him to the couch, with Max gently munching on her nipples.

What began slow and steady eventually became a loud, heated symphony.

The couch’s durability had decreased greatly as it began to squeak in rhythm to Thalia’s movement.

Unable to suck her breasts at such a fast pace, Max already committed to enjoying the ride to the fullest.

Not holding back, Max released all his cum inside her when she had the third orgasm.

Thalia was left breathing roughly at the end, but was still unsatisfied.

Using the next 30 seconds to catch her breath while resting on Max’s chest, she raised herself and got on her knees between Max’s thighs.

The destroyer had turned limp but didn’t shrink much.

Grabbing hold of it, Thalia paused and then proceeded to stretch out her tongue.

She used it to playfully tease his limp dick and then swooped it into her mouth.

"Argh—" Max growled with half-closed eyes, as the sensation of her tongue thoroughly sucking every bit of cum around it drove intense pleasure into him.

Barely did it for 30 seconds before he was fully erect. However, she didn’t stop.

She sucked him hard, gagging herself with his cock but couldn’t go on for long. Face flushed, she kissed the tip and let go.

Grabbing hold of his own monstrosity, Max flipped it a few times and guided Thalia to position herself kneeling on the couch while resting her hands on the backrest.

Granted with a view of her clit slit and ass.

Smack!

Max slapped her ass cheeks.

Stung by the pain, Thalia hissed but also let out a "hmmm–" and shook her ass at him.

Landing a few more slaps, Max inserted his fingers and rubbed her clitoris before guiding the destroyer towards her entrance.

"Ahhhh–! Hmmm– !" Thalia moaned.

It was only a tease. Max barely inserted the tip and slapped her clit with his cock.

Unable to take it any longer, Thalia bit her lips.

"Please fuck me, daddy!"

"Good girl."

"Yes, daddy!"

"Ahhh! Ahhhh–! Ahhhh–!"

Following Max’s each and every thrust, smacking her ass, Thalia moaned at the top of her voice.

He was just too good.

She submitted.

At some point, Max pulled her hair and began to spank while thrusting.

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!

The force of his slams made her hands numb.

"Yesss! Yesss! Yesss!"

Encouraged, Max let go of her hair and repositioned himself behind her.

This time, he crossed both arms, grabbed both sides of her waist, and held her steady.

In a blur, he stepped into his superhuman strength and increased the speed of thrusts in succession.

"Ah-! Ah-! Ah-! Ah-"

Thalia’s moan sounded bleak and cut short. Her eyes rolled back, becoming whitish.

All of her senses dulled, unable to hear the shocked shout of her own name.

"Ahhhhhhhh!" She screamed heavily and began to squirt.

Meanwhile, Max saw his orgasm escaping at the sight of Mrs Dalia.

"Thalia? Maximus?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 244: Unexpected Twist***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

30 Minutes Earlier. Lunaria Crown Luxe Group.

"Okay. Make sure you deliver it before 9:00 AM tomorrow morning."

"Ariana, deal with the account of our exclusive supplies and send me the report. Also, make sure you fire Dave."

In a huge contrast to the loving, crazy personality Max knew, Mrs. Dalia radiated an aura of authority and power as she gave orders to her employees. No one dared to mess up.

Taking her car keys from her purse, she opened the car and got in, hurrying to get back to her beloved daughter. Considering how far it was from the company to the estate she lived in, Mrs. Dalia spent more than 25 minutes driving.

Pulling into the driveway, she exhaustedly stretched her limbs. Then, out of curiosity, she moved closer to the fence and gazed at the neighboring compound. There, she saw a cool black Lamborghini parked in the driveway.

"He’s back?"

Seeing this, Mrs. Dalia had a look of relief and quickly turned away. "I have to tell Thalia." Remembering her daughter’s fondness for the young boy, Max, she smiled inwardly. A dirty thought took root in her mind, but she instantly cast it away.

She reached the door and entered a series of numbers into the keypad. Pushing it open—

"Ahhh! Ahhh! Yes, Daddy!" Smack!

"Hmmmmmm, yessss!"

"Ahh! Ahh! Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhhhh!"

It was a scene she hadn’t expected. Thalia knelt on the couch, naked and moaning. Max held her hips from behind, his expression subtle and calm as if he wasn’t relentlessly pounding her daughter.

Watching Thalia being taken ruthlessly, hearing her daughter moan like a slut—just like she had when Max fucked her—Mrs. Dalia’s emotions became strange. That wasn’t all, however. Just then, she saw Max cross his hands over her daughter’s ass and land consecutive, fast thrusts that her eyes could barely catch up with.

As a result, Thalia let out a sudden scream that startled her for a split second. Is he trying to kill her?

"Thalia? Maximus?" she quickly shouted, realizing at the last moment that Thalia had begun to squirt—a pleasure most women never experienced in their entire lives.

Meeting Max’s shocked eyes, she witnessed them turn solemn for the first time. The atmosphere went pensive.

Shit! Too late.

While meeting Mrs. Dalia’s gaze, Max couldn’t stop the load of cum that spilled directly into her daughter’s womb. The seething warmth of his semen sent Thalia further into a euphoria of bliss.

Seeing Mrs. Dalia’s face turn cold, Max knew he was in deep trouble. Thankfully, he kept his only Taboo Grant Card for situations like this. Thalia was too overwhelmed by bliss to notice her mother’s presence; her vision was a blur and her senses were completely disoriented.

As Max withdrew his shrinking destroyer, Thalia’s anatomy dripped with the remnants of their respective orgasms. Mrs. Dalia walked towards Thalia with worry.

"Thalia? Thalia?" She nudged the disoriented girl, who seemed high from pleasure and gave only a slurred, incomprehensible response.

Casting her gaze on Max, her eyes went completely cold. "What have you done to my daughter?"

Here we go. Just as he was about to invoke the Taboo Grant and make a wish, she spoke again.

"Come here."

Mrs. Dalia turned and pushed him down onto the couch with a dirty, naughty smile.

Huh? Caught off guard by the sudden twist, Max fell onto the couch with just a slight push from her.

No way— His thoughts were cut short by the incredible sight that happened next. Mrs. Dalia threw her purse onto the adjacent couch.

"How dare you fuck my daughter that hard... Maximus?" Her voice trailed off softly, provocatively. Her eyes landed on his limp member.

Licking and then biting her lips, Mrs. Dalia placed a hand on her waist and turned 360 degrees. She was dressed in corporate wear—a pinafore dress that clung to her body, highlighting her voluptuous curves in a powerful CEO style.

Despite having felt every inch of her skin before, Max felt his lust ignite. His member went through an awakening, no longer feigning weakness. Mrs. Dalia didn’t stop there. Smirking at the sight of his growing cock, she reached for her zipper and gradually slid the dress up.

With every inch of her thick, sexy thighs exposed as the dress rose, Max’s lust grew. Soon enough, the pinafore dress landed on the floor with a soft thud. Standing in her heels, Mrs. Dalia’s mature beauty was revealed in peak glory. She wore a red bra that failed to contain her massive breasts and a matching thin thong that barely hid the moisture between her thighs.

Biting her lips, Mrs. Dalia tied her long, silk hair into a ponytail and cat-walked towards him.

Is this the true extent of how crazy she is? Max thought.

"What a bad boy. I’ll have to teach you a lesson for my daughter’s sake."

With that, Mrs. Dalia went to her knees. She grabbed his erect monster, stroking it softly while meeting his eyes.

"Hmmm—" Max inhaled a deep breath from the bliss alone.

Satisfied with his reaction, Mrs. Dalia directly gulped half of his cock. Her succulent lips gripped tight around his veiny shaft as she sucked, tasting both his semen and her daughter’s. She inhaled sharply, licking her lips afterward.

Although this was only the first contact, Max was already in a land of bliss. Neither Briar nor any other girl could compare. The MILF conquered all. In his ranking of blowjobs so far, his Aunt Raven and Mrs. Dalia were tied for number one. Then came the Russian girl he met at the range and Moogie, the nanny in London.

The difference was clear: older women were the best due to their experience. And in order to get revenge for her daughter, Mrs. Dalia wasn’t going easy on him at all.

Author’s note: First I’m sorry for the very less frequent update. Like I’ve said before I’ve been on a new book, not smut. But it flopped. Started another here on NovelFire. The mental stress is the cause of my late updates.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 245: The Wheelbarrow Position***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Max couldn’t hold back groaning as the squelching sound of Mrs. Dalia deep-throating his cock resounded through the room.

Out of need, he placed a hand on her head, thrusting slightly.

"Argh!"

Unable to hold back any more due to how rapidly she deep-throated him, Max held her head still with both hands and thrust one last push.

The feel of her sticky, cum-filled mouth and throat completely enveloped Max. All his muscles tensed for a moment before a thick web of semen shot out of his cock, filling Mrs. Dalia’s throat.

She tried to struggle, feeling suffocated, and a fear that she would pass out bloomed within her.

Her whole face was flushed red by the time the second web shot out. Tears began streaming from her reddened eyes. Fortunately, Max pulled out and shot what was left on her face while she gasped intensely, reeling from the panic of being suffocated by his cock.

Now, however, she felt the intense drive of suffocation and couldn’t be more thrilled.

This was what she wanted: to be dominated with a little bit of BDSM, perhaps. His true bitch.

Following his intense relief, Max felt completely drained.

With the little bit of strength he had in him, he willed for the System’s screen to appear, switching to the Nexus shop. He bought the performance-boosting potion worth 200 Nexus Points, leaving him with a sum of 500 NP left.

’Activating Adamantine Rod is too risky.’

[Ding!]

[Sanguine Stir absorbed]

[Body status has been restored to normal]

[The host has entered a state of burning lust.]

Max felt his fatigue and weakness being washed away, replaced by new vigor, especially in his cock.

Watching the rebirth of Max’s rod, Mrs. Dalia was left speechless and watched in a daze as veins began to writhe around it.

Sucking in a deep breath, she gasped lightly, lust burning in her heart at the visage. It had been too long since she last tasted him inside of her. Revenging her daughter could wait.

"Come fuck me, Stallion."

After softly stroking his cock, she knelt on the couch just like her daughter and shook her thick ass at him.

Accepting the invitation, Max stood behind her and inserted his fingers into her cunt.

"Hmmm–" Biting her lips with a soft hiss, Mrs. Dalia squirmed.

Max didn’t stop until she begged him to put it in.

"Hmmm– yes. Daddy, please fuck me." Trembling as she pleaded due to the wonders of his fingers, she came on his fingers.

Pleased, Max rubbed her sticky fluid over his cock and grabbed one side of her ass.

With slow motion, he slipped his cock slowly between her thin slit.

"Ahhhhhh!" Mrs. Dalia let out a long, pleasurable moan, closing her eyes as the seething rod expanded and filled part of her. An experience she could never deny.

Eventually, Mrs. Dalia’s pussy took in every inch of him, clenching tight.

"Ahhhh– Yes!"

Max slowly withdrew and thrust once more.

Smack!

Smacking her thick booty, Max enjoyed the sight of it shaking. Following with another thrust, he smacked her once more.

"Yessss—"

Mrs. Dalia could only hiss, moaning out loud in total submission.

Kpa! Kpa! Kpa!

With every thrust, her body quaked, her massive boobs jiggling downward.

’Fuck!’ Cursing in his heart, Max arched downward and grabbed both boobs, digging his fingers through the doughy sensation in a rough manner.

"Ahhhh—!"

Mrs. Dalia shuddered. She moaned out loud, at a higher pitch than before.

"Yesss! Daddddddyy! Fuck me harder!"

Smack!

To the side, Thalia watched the obscene scene of Max pounding and smacking her mother without a care in the world.

The surprising thing was her mother moaning out loud in bliss, calling a boy similar in age her "daddy."

Somehow, Thalia felt a strange feeling in her heart that wanted it to happen. Sharing the same cock with her mother didn’t feel bad in the slightest.

Listening to her mother’s moans, Thalia’s arousal continuously rose. She wanted to join in but quickly realized that would be selfish. Her mother clearly wanted her brain to be fucked out. It was yet to happen, at least not in this style.

With one last thrust, Max stilled and let Mrs. Dalia’s orgasm envelop his cock as a lubricant.

"Ahhhh– yes daddy."

Mrs. Dalia screamed and exhaustedly rested on the couch.

At this moment, Max smiled, pulling out his cock to reveal it was all sticky.

Under Thalia’s confused eyes, he dragged her mother up and gestured for her to put her hands on the floor.

Mrs. Dalia did as she was told, not expecting Max to pull a stunt.

He easily lifted up her legs and hung them around his waist. His cock brushed against her clitoris, sending a sweet tremor through her.

’The Wheelbarrow Position.’

Mrs. Dalia was a bit confused by this act, but then understood what Max was up to and felt excited by the new experience.

Max didn’t disappoint. Sliding into her, he stroked with precision that hit her G-spot.

"Ahhhhh!" She let out a sharp moan, her eyes momentarily rolling backward.

The second thrust came, then the third, fourth.

Max’s every thrust disoriented her senses. In ten thrusts, her body shuddered and she came heavily, squirting afterwards.

However, despite that, Max didn’t stop there, intending to satisfy his own desires.

Due to the heavy amount of orgasm, her pussy squelched every time and Max felt intense satisfaction.

"Cum inside me!"

Hastening his pace, his thrusts left Mrs. Dalia numbed by ecstasy. In her daze, she felt it: Max’s hot web of cum, abundantly shooting into her womb. Only then did she realize something; the last time she took a depo shot was months ago.

"Arrrgh!" Max growled in pleasure too, following Mrs. Dalia’s eliciting moan.

Soon after, only their ragged breathing filled the room.

Mrs. Dalia lay on the floor, her pussy dripping with Max’s cum.

"Ahhh!"

Thalia moaned, shuddering as she came on her fingers, her eyes on Max and her mother.

No one said a word.

Sitting on the opposite long couch instead, Max quietly slapped both sides next to him, and both mother and daughter cuddled him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 246: -Confession-***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

To recover from being ruthlessly fucked, both mother and daughter rested their heads on his chest and shoulders.

The atmosphere was quiet, but lust lingered in the air.

Mrs. Dalia kept her hand on his abs, tracing her fingers between them.

To his left, Thalia listened to his heartbeat, her palm resting on his chest.

If it was one thing both daughter and mother shared at the moment, however, it was the direction, the monstrosity they had their eyes on.

Max’s cock was rigid and fully erect from the warmth of their naked bodies and bosoms pressed against him.

"So... tell me... How long have you two been fucking?"

Mrs. Dalia asked softly, readjusting her head in a way she would capture Max and Thalia’s expressions.

At the same time, her hand already slipped down and grabbed the base of his cock, cupping his ball sack along while slowly twirling it around like a joystick with no intent to stroke it yet.

Thalia blushed heavily hearing her mother’s words. Yet glancing up at Max’s calm, unperturbed eyes, she looked at her mother shyly and answered.

"It was the day he came to pick me up from school."

Mrs. Dalia’s expression momentarily froze, but then her smile broadened.

"I see, so I struck the chord to this event."

’Good girl.’ Contrary to her daughter’s impression, Mrs. Dalia felt proud that her meticulous setup ended as she planned.

Thalia getting a friend and fucking a real big cock instead of using the vibrator or wooden dick.

As for becoming Max’s girlfriend, she didn’t doubt that he didn’t already have one. Unless her daughter wouldn’t mind becoming his fifth or maybe a side piece, in fact.

In regards to sharing, she knew Thalia wouldn’t feel bad about sharing someone so good with her.

"I knew something was up when you asked about him so frequently in the past two days." Her words caused Thalia to blush, and then she quickly pecked Max on the cheeks and snuggled into his firm chest.

Mrs. Dalia continued, evidently curious as a mysterious smile formed across her lips.

"How did it happen? How long did he fuck you?"

Thalia shyly responded, briefly narrating how they played video games in her room and then came the sudden blackout. Things escalated within the darkness, leaving only the sound of their erotic passion to fill the room.

"Wow. What an encounter. I’m dripping wet all over from imagining it."

Listening to the mother and daughter duo converse so openly, Max had summarized that she long wanted him to fuck her daughter.

’What a crazy scenario,’ Max thought.

Just then, Mrs. Dalia stopped twirling his cock like a joystick and bit her lips.

"Baby, I also have a confession."

Mrs. Dalia’s eyes hovered above her daughter’s tits, seemingly admiring her growth before looking up at her face.

"You remember that night Max saved me?"

Thalia nodded, a bit of foreboding in her heart as to what her mother was about to confess.

"I was given an aphrodisiac. My whole body couldn’t take it, so I rode Max in the SUV."

Thalia looked confused a moment before realizing what she meant.

"I felt regret after that morning. But then, it’s been so long since I felt a man inside me. Max’s cock was so good that I couldn’t contain my fantasy or hold back. I felt crazy inside. Do you know what I did?"

Thalia subtly inhaled, her cheeks flushed as she envisioned what had happened while she remained clueless throughout those moments.

"I went to his house that Saturday, acting emotional about what had happened that night. He fell for it and comforted me with a hug. He had an erection after that, too. Then I took the opportunity to seduce him after confirming the coast was clear."

’Shit, I was played.’

Max let out a wry smile that made Mrs. Dalia and Thalia giggle in time.

"Tell us. Who did you enjoy fucking the most?"

Now that everything was cleared, Mrs. Dalia purposely set his ass on fire. However, Max didn’t fall for it and quickly composed his face.

"What do you think? Should we start with who is better at sucking dick?"

Both ladies revealed a satisfied smile and didn’t try to press further. They knew what to do next.

"Come to mommy."

Max gave their butts one last squeeze and stood up.

Mrs. Dalia spat over his rod and commenced to take him deep. Her lips latched tight as her tongue licked every bit of dry cum. Knowing she couldn’t win against her mother in this, Thalia chose to go for his balls.

Softly massaging his jewels for a second, she arched in uncomfortably and latched onto them.

"Argh." Max growled out loud, his eyes closed as he savored the joint blow job from his neighbor and her daughter.

Eventually, he held Mrs. Dalia’s head in place and face-fucked her mouth until she choked, unable to take the consecutive slams of his cock down her throat. Gasping, a thick mix of precum and saliva trailed down her chin.

After her mother gave out, Thalia was on standby, kneeling with her tongue stretched out excitedly, yearning to be treated like her mother.

Slurp! Slurp!

Minutes later, Thalia was left gasping and suffocated.

"About to cum," Max announced before spilling his semen over Mrs. Dalia and Thalia’s faces.

After he was done with the facial, both mother and daughter began to kiss each other, licking off his candy droplets on their faces.

Summoning the Nexus shop interface in the meantime, Max purchased a stamina recovering potion and "Peak Erection."

Before both were done, Max’s monstrosity was pointed at them, leaving them in shock. Max motioned that they both come to his side.

Arms beneath their asses, he lifted them up and climbed the staircase. Because she had a much more spacious bed, they entered Mrs. Dalia’s room.

Soon after, the echoes of their moans, shouts, and melodious cries resounded through the house.

Kitchen counter, staircase, on the walls, bathroom.

There was no where they didn’t explore.

Until finally they all lost their strength, down to zero stamina.

Late in the night, while Mrs Dalia and Thalia slept soundly from exhaustion, Max left after quickly realizing something.

There was a package he was supposed to receive from his dad.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 247: Bumping into someone unexpected
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ding!

[Congratulations! Host has completed an Original Taboo: Lineal Sin.]

[Granting Rewards...]

[Ding!]

[Host has triggered an Accomplishment Rate Evaluation...]

[Ding!]

[Evaluating...]

[Target: Mrs. Dalia & Thalia. Status: Caught by neighbor while fucking her daughter. Neighbor joins.]

[Location: Neighbor’s Home]

[Evaluation Complete: SSS]

[x100 Rewards... of Points and Stats.]

[100 Promotion Points: x100 Rewards]

[10,000 Promotion Points]

[SS Ranked Taboo Student | Promotion Points: 86,650 / 100,000.]

[0.1 Stat Point... x100 Rewards.]

[10 Stat Points.]

’Shit! This is the highest Promotion Points I’ve gotten at once.’

Ding!

[S Taboo Quest: Daddy to my Neighbor and her Daughter. Completed.]

[Rating completion...]

[Reward: Carnal Ring of Power and Desires.]

[Carnal Ring of Power and Desires.]

[Info Sealed: Complete SSS Ranked Taboo Quest to be able to use.]

’I’m rewarded something that sounds so legendary, yet I can’t even use it yet? The system must be playing a joke on me. But whatever, it’s just less than 15,000 Promotion Points remaining.’

When Max walked out of Mrs. Dalia’s house, he saw a black corporate car with rear lights parked right outside the next building.

"Damn." Cursing under his breath, he walked towards it.

’Minutes? Hours?’ Max imagined how frustrated the person would be, waiting so long.

The car windows were tinted black; he had no view of the driver within. Knocking softly on the driver’s seat glass, it took about five seconds for the window to slide open, revealing the groggy face of a guy in his late twenties.

He seemed dazed for a moment and then quickly sat up straight.

"Sorry for the delay. I’m Max," Max said.

"No problem, no problem. I was asked to deliver this."

John was just a newly risen member of the executive team. However, on his first day, he got tasked to deliver a package. According to what he was told, the Boss was the one who gave the order.

John arrived early in the evening. But after waiting for an hour without spotting the receiver, he went to press the doorbell of the building address, yet there was no response. The last three hours had been the worst of his life in the past few months. After cursing his heart out, John eventually fell asleep, exhausted.

Currently, all he wanted was to head home, so he didn’t bother to express his frustration. He handed Max the black box and drove off.

Walking into the kitchen, Max studied the black box he had been handed. It was sealed in cellophane wrap; there was no brand logo or description on it.

’So this is the coded SIM I’ll be using,’ he thought, grabbing a bottle of soft drink from the fridge and savoring its refreshing taste.

After making something to eat, he later unboxed the SIM and got in contact with his dad.

"So the thing is, I don’t want to know any secrets you’ve got or how you got so strong. Just remember, if anyone asks you, say you’ve secretly taken the serum a year ago as a test. Even if they are your aunts."

His father went on to explain the reason why his contact was compromised and congratulated his promotion. By the end of the phone call, Max was left deep in thought.

’Damn, there’s a lot going on behind the surface.’

Throwing the thought to the back of his mind, he unhesitatingly slept on the long couch, feeling totally exhausted from fucking all day.

Next Day.

The Elite Base was bustling as usual just as he arrived. By now, his fame wasn’t so resounding after the Elites accepted the reality, considering him one of them.

Max hadn’t walked far, heading to the SS Elite classroom, when he received an important email.

(No classes. Today is a self-training and assessment lesson.)

’Is this a prank?’

Max was stunned and left puzzled until he saw the email address had a blue tick to it, meaning it was sent from the school’s staff team.

’Well... this is quite unexpected.’

Thinking, he glanced around, but there was nothing to do. It was too early to return home, too. Eventually, Max decided to stroll around first. He was about to step into the Auditorium when he bumped into someone he shouldn’t have.

"I’m sorry," the feminine figure said out of politeness while Max arched down to pick up the leaflet that had fallen from her hand.

"It’s cool."

Their eyes met. The girl jerked slightly in shock, while Max reacted much more calmly, surprise glinting in his eyes.

’Sophia? What’s she doing here? How did she become an Elite?’

Never did he think he would see her here again. The gap between normal students and Elites was just too big to cross paths again. Of course, he blocked every means she could use to reach him, which is why seeing her, he felt a subtle pang of guilt.

Such an obedient girl—his first prey.

Unexpectedly, Sophia decisively turned away, hastening her steps, but his hand easily grabbed hers. Biting her lips, she glanced at his inescapable grip and turned to face him.

"...What do you want?" she said through some difficulty, the turmoil in her eyes clear for him to see.

A month ago.

In the bustling hallways of Elite Metropolitan High, filled with discussion about the Ghost Stallion that helped the school win against the Elites, Sophia had her eyes on a certain figure walking nonchalantly, like all this had nothing to do with him.

Her suspicion was heavy, but she had no one to talk to about it.

’At this point, he’ll soon find it boring and advance to become an Elite,’ Sophia thought to herself as she made up her mind.

Max had become her inner demon overnight after the one single time he fucked her, tormenting her every day with lust and longing. The more she tried to make him notice her, the more nonchalant and distant he became.

At some point, she became obsessed with him and discovered he was the type that sought thrills. The new Business Studies teacher had somehow fallen as his prey, too.

’If you want him to notice you, give yourself a higher value,’ she thought to herself that day and made up her mind to become an Elite.

And just like she predicted, Max became an Elite, too. But to her shock—and to every Elite’s—he became a Double S-Ranked Elite.

On the first day, he walked around with several girls, all SS-Ranked. Prettier, sexier, and much more gorgeous in every way she tried to compare. Her obsession received a brutal hit. There was no way Max would notice her when surrounded by such.

But today, she bumped into him...

’I messed up big time,’ Max thought, feeling guilty.

"Can we talk somewhere discreet?"

Sophia’s heartbeat skipped.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 248: Oh my goodness!*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Upon finding a less populated hallway, Max led her to the side. There was silence between them for a moment before his voice seemed to bring her back to reality.

"Humm. I’ve come to realize we didn’t start on the right foot." He paused and stared into her eyes, catching the nervous glint within.

Sophia nodded with a shake of her head, shyly avoiding his gaze.

"Do you want to hang out?" He asked, slipping out his phone.

’Is this a prank?’

Sophia thought, summoning the courage to look him in the eyes but spotted no funny glint within them.

Was Max really asking her out? She thought. Her heart was thrown into complete turmoil.

"Yes." She let the word slip, shaking her head in acceptance of his proposal.

"Thanks. Monday, dinner night?"

Max handed his phone to her, revealing a rare smile.

Sophia flushed, catching a glimpse of it, and almost fumbled to type in her digits.

"Bye." With that, they parted ways. A date set for when they would fully reunite.

’Now I’m completely scheduled.’

Tomorrow was Friday; he planned to sneak Miss Linda into his dorm room under the watch of the Provost. Saturday, Thalia’s driving lesson. And Saturday, for his new neighbor.

At this rate, he would complete his SSS Ranked Taboo Quest in five days. This thought filled Max with anticipation and excitement.

Just as he imagined what his reward would be and being able to use the Carnal Ring of Power & Desire, he felt a small cold palm latch onto his wrist.

"Huh?"

Max was alerted and stunned at first. But when he gazed down to see her petite small frame, his guard quickly loosened.

It was Lily. Dressed formally in her uniform, twin ponytails held by flower ribbons.

She had this smile on her face that seemed to tell him—’yes, I’ve got you this time.’

Max couldn’t help but shake his head. He thought he was doing her a favor by giving excuses. But did she really think his dick would fit inside her?

"Hey." She greeted him with a smile, not letting go, her neck craning just to reach his eyes.

Max replied with a nod, wanting to ask how she was when she cut him off.

"—I checked. Combat course Elites get at least one free day of the week for self-practice, and today happens to be the day." She said with her childish voice, smirking at him before leaning closer and whispering.

"Let’s go."

Amused, Max nodded and followed her in a way that wouldn’t raise suspicion.

Soon they exited the busy hallways and appeared in a deserted hallway without anyone in sight.

Sensing his puzzled gaze, Lily excitedly galloped and twirled her long ponytails.

"This is the first-year Elites’ dorm section, and we are barely five here, which is why it looks deserted. Don’t worry, me and the girls planned this as a bet; they won’t pass through this hallway for the next two hours."

"Oh. I see."

Despite knowing he was going to be filmed for the rest of her virgin girlfriends to see how it was to get fucked, Max didn’t mind.

Lily brought out a card and slid it through one of the doors. Her dorm room.

It was a compact space littered with plushies of various colors and sizes. Cute-looking fairy stickers decorated the room next to anime wallpapers.

’Damn. She’s truly a loli,’ Max thought. ’Too bad she wants a cock, though.’

Lily closed the door behind him and quickly skipped to the bed.

"This is my dorm room. Isn’t it cute and pretty?" She touched her face and pouted.

’She looks cute, though.’ Reserving his compliment, Max said nothing.

Seeing his unfazed eyes, she pouted even more and stood up from the bed while motioning Max to sit instead.

After putting away most of the plushies, Max felt comfortable as he sat down.

Cough. Cough.

"Okay. Where should we start? Would you like a bottle of water? Or..."

"It’s okay." Seeing her fumble while trying to hide the nervousness she felt, Max cut her off.

Lily was left feeling awkward along with the intense nervousness by this. But before she could muster up the courage to speak once more, Max slipped off his blazer and began unbuttoning his dress shirt. He soon took it off and was left in just a white singlet and pants.

Lily swallowed her saliva at the sight of his long athletic arms, finding it sexy as a faint flush tinted her cheeks.

Max did the same to his shoes but left his pants on.

He cast his gaze on Lily, noticing she was a bit dazed, and flicked his fingers at her.

"Won’t you undress?"

"Right, sorry, sorry." Her earlier confidence was long gone. What remained was a flustered girl, nervous about her first time.

"Don’t laugh at me." Both shy and embarrassed of her flat chest.

Lily dropped her blazer and similarly unbuttoned her shirt to reveal the kitty pink inner tank top she wore underneath.

She went on to slip down her pleated skirt. And soon her petite body, not matching her age, was unraveled before his eyes.

’Nothing.’

Max found nothing to stir the desire within while admiring her body.

"Weren’t you going to film this?" he said, making her remember the main purpose of being here.

Lily hurriedly picked up her phone, attempting to set it up on the reading table when Max interrupted her.

"It’s okay. I’ll hold it."

Max held the phone, switching to video mode. Meanwhile, Lily stood nervously, not knowing what to do.

’If you’re so clueless, why act like a hothead in the first place?’

Standing up, Max began to unbuckle his pants before her widened eyes. She wasn’t even breathing at this point.

’Is this it?’

Lily’s heartbeat accelerated every passing second as she watched, her eyes focused on Max’s groin.

He drew down the zip, pulling the bands of his underwear just enough to let a big sausage bounce out freely without any strenuous effort.

"Oh my goodness!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 249: Lily**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oh my goodness!"

Lily released a sharp gasp; her eyes widened and she almost jumped back in fright.

Was this even a dick? Or a biochemical weapon?

Her thoughts froze; for the next six seconds, she was completely enraptured by the sight of Max’s cock.

It wasn’t even hard or erect—just there, a slumbering sausage.

Eventually, unable to take the silence and her lack of intention to move things, Max held his cock and casually waved it before her eyes, bringing her out of a daze.

Glancing at his unperturbed eyes, she instinctively swallowed her saliva and thought, ’Is this really going to enter me?’

"You’ll have to suck it first," Max calmly said, revealing that he was in full control.

If her body wasn’t enticing enough to spark his need, then surely the sight of her cute petite appearance—her small mouth stuffed with a long, fat, thick meat—would do the job.

"Okay."

Lily nervously got on her knees, a surge of excitement bubbling within her as to what would come. She nodded and proceeded to grab the hefty slumbering sausage.

Sensing the cold feel of her small palm barely able to contain him, Max briefly closed his eyes, savoring the sensation with delight in his heart.

’Should I stroke it first? Or just put it in my mouth?’

Lily thought. At this moment, all the knowledge from the frequent porn videos she watched had flown away when faced with the real deal.

"Stroke it slightly while putting it in your mouth and just lick it like a popsicle afterwards," Max guided.

"Hmmm—." Lily nodded, let out a huff, and gently began to stroke the dormant meat. She then held it up, moving closer with her lips, and kissed the tip nervously.

"Hmm." Max let out a subtle exhale. An electrifying spark of bliss surged through him.

Lily’s already shocked heart was mixed with amazement and surprise. She had never witnessed something like this in her entire life.

The once nonchalant dick in her palm began to increase, seething with warmth like it had been imbued with new life. What felt like a compressed sausage grew long and hardened against her palm.

She could barely contain it before, but now she couldn’t.

Her amazement made Max realize she wouldn’t be able to do this on her own. To her, this was a new experiment and experience.

’You need guidance.’

Max placed a hand on her head with enough force to express his intent that she should stay still.

Only when feeling his firm palm on her head did Lily manage to move her eyes from his cock.

At the sight of her cute face so close to his cock, Max felt further aroused.

"Open your mouth," he issued a directing order.

Puzzled but compliant, Lily opened her mouth slightly. Max held up his cock with his other hand and pushed about four inches in, filling it to the brim.

"Hmmm—" Lily’s eyes widened. But quickly understanding, she novicely moved her head, using her tongue to coat his cock in saliva.

"Argh—" Max grunted in satisfaction at the tender feel of her tongue licking him.

"Stroke it."

He grabbed her hand and placed it on his cock.

Seeing him make a sample of it, Lily nodded with a cock stuffed into her mouth and moved her palm over his shaft, repeatedly stroking it.

Soon it was very hard and rigid, seething hot under her palm.

Lily almost couldn’t believe it.

’So this is what a cock is and it feels to touch it?’ she thought.

She kept stroking, moving her head novicely till Max could no longer take it. He wanted to feel more of her tongue coating his cock in saliva, but her mouth was too tight. Max even thought there was a high chance that she would cough out the food in her stomach if he went for deep-throating.

"Stop."

Pulling out his rod from her mouth, he observed the slimy tip, coated in precum and saliva.

’This won’t do.’

"Open your mouth and stretch out your tongue."

Lily did as she was told.

’How about some toothbrushing?’

Stepping beside her, Max held her hair and inserted his cock from the corner of her mouth. It rested on her tongue and slipped between her lips like a toothbrush.

He acted out the same motion repeatedly, sometimes even slipping the tip inside her mouth to coat it in saliva.

"Lie on the bed."

The room was soon filled with the scent of arousal at the peak.

Lily nervously laid, her legs just over the edge of the bed. She was dripping wet and Max could clearly see it.

Raising one of her legs, he positioned himself between them and arched down to rub her clitoris.

"Ahhhh—" Lily’s breath got caught in her throat when she felt his thumb rubbing her. She shuddered in delight, moaning in disbelief at the pleasure.

’This... this is much greater than doing it myself.’ "Ahhh!" She moaned out loud.

When he felt she was wet enough, he easily held her in place and lowered his waist.

"Ahhhh—!" Lily gasped, whimpering in a cracked tone as tears slipped right out from the corner of her eyes.

It turned out Max decided to break her hymen in one thrust instead of teasing.

’She’s just too tight. Thrusting into her will deal no less pain than breaking through.’

Enveloped in a world of pain caused by the sweet hot sensation of Max’s cock, Lily shed tears of relief.

’I am no longer a virgin,’ the thought echoed in her mind.

Without realizing that her fingers had dug into Max’s arms and bruised him in the process, she finally let go.

The pain had vanished; now it was just the expansion being caused by his big member inside her that left her in a daze.

Unable to bear it any longer, she hurriedly slapped his chest, whimpering, "Pl-please pull out."

Max, seeing her strained look, pulled back unhesitatingly. Only that one thrust of his created a visible bulge on her skin.

Lowering the phone, he made sure to video his bloody exit as proof of taking her virginity.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 250: Secret Project
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Closing the door to Lily’s dorm room behind him, Max stepped out, sighting no one across the hallway and breathed a low sigh of relief.

His experience with Lily wasn’t as good as he thought it would be.

After breaking past her hymen with the first thrust, Lily couldn’t take the tip of it afterwards.

Every subtle movement he made, caused her to shout out with widened eyes.

She couldn’t take something so big as a first timer.

A bit irritated about being unable to unleash even a bit of his desires inside her, Max pulled out and cleaned up in the restroom.

Currently, Lily was on the bed, helpless with a pool of tears welling in her eyes.

’If anything, I did my part.’

Willing the system’s holographic screen to pop before him, what Max saw was a measly sum of 1000 Promotion Points, the poorest in a long while.

’How I wish there was someone else.’

Feeling his curled erection, hidden slightly by his untucked shirt, Max grimaced, thinking swiftly.

He thought of Alicia, the slender Korean model-like hottie, Evelyn’s best friend, but then dismissed the thought.

’She probably is having a class.’

His bond wasn’t that deep with the rest of Evelyn’s friends either.

He thought of Sophia, but then that would ruin his apologetic impression.

Evelyn was far away. Thalia was in school. Mrs. Dalia at work.

’Miss Linda is also an option, but then going to her office would raise a lot of attention. There’s no way we can fuck without a crowd outside her office.’

As Max crossed his limited options to unleash his urge, a sudden announcement broke through his train of thoughts.

"Announcement to all Combat SS Elites. Report to the class!"

"Announcement to all Combat SS Elites. Report to the class!"

A familiar voice blared through the speakers that suddenly popped out of the walls, in a repeating pattern.

’Are you kidding?’

Max was left stunned by the unfolding scenario like it was some kind of drill.

"Shit! What’s going on? Are we under attack?" Some students shouted, feeling panic but thrilled.

"It must be something important. The Combat Elites are on their free day. That must be it."

"SS Elites. What a lucky bunch to get an announcement like this."

Max heard the shouts and realized it wasn’t some kind of drill.

’What if I had gone home?’

The next moment he sprinted and dashed forward, attracting the attention of the nearby Elites.

In various places, John, Kieran, Dominic, Zara, every other Combat SS Elite were on the move. Their cool dash causing the other Elites to feel jealous.

–

"Teach, what’s going on?"

In the supposed classroom of Combat SS Elites with no desks, chairs or board, but a cozy gym, bed, couches, an exclusive fun house, Ash was the first to burst through the door, breathing steadily as his eyes found the instructor who sat on the couch with a cigarette in hand.

Before the instructor could bring himself to explain, Kieran, John and the others dashed in too, their breath steady.

Max was the last to arrive, 3 seconds behind Zara.

"Nice."

Surveying their appearances with his gaze, Teach nodded in satisfaction.

Their immediate reaction and composure, without looking tired from dashing here, were no less than their title: Elites.

Although the majority was thanks to the fact they came in contact with the realm of superhumans using the serum, their mental fortitude was befitting for battle.

Among them, he couldn’t help but feel shocked by Max’s appearance. The Elites were also surprised to see him but none said a word.

"Okay. We have pretty big news."

"The biggest breakthrough in humanity’s technology has not only been confirmed but tested. It’s a secret project crucial for the Mars Project, which you’ll all be partaking in."

"Visual Impact X," the instructor revealed, filling the air with a quenching, heavy silence.

"I won’t reveal the details yet to you. But you’ll be undergoing a simple rough drill against other super students from schools across the globe."

’Other super students?’

The instant they all heard this, the atmosphere became solemn.

’This is really big. A worldwide event out of the blue?’

"We’ll be heading to the Indian Ocean."

"Huh? Isn’t that like 18 hours by normal flight?"

Dominic grunted as he instantly deduced the distance it would take to reach the other side of the world. He really hated long flights.

"C’mon. You know our flight isn’t normal." To the side, Ash shook his head, earning a look of agreement from the others.

"Okay. We’ll be gone for at least a day, so call whoever it is you want to speak with and head to the bus."

The instructor puffed smoke and casually walked to the hidden driveway.

Seeing this, the Elites disbanded to make their calls.

Max was left alone, staring at his phone. He had no one to call.

"Right. Mrs. Dalia."

He searched through his contacts and quickly texted a rough detail about being out of reach for a day or two.

* The bus ride wasn’t as quiet as yesterday.

Max excluded, the Elites seemed to be in a group chat discussing the secret project mentioned by the instructor.

All throughout the bus ride, Max was forced to listen to the dings of their notifications.

Not bothered that he wasn’t accepted by their little group, Max dropped from the bus and caught Briar looking at him with a faint flush in her cheeks. She hid it instantly, though.

Super Falcon X. The fastest mechanical bird. A cutting-edge jet.

It was the same one he flew on Tuesday with the other S Elites.

Looking at it now didn’t feel less awe-inspiring than before.

"Get into it and let’s move on," the instructor shouted, and they all got in.

The jet took off, speeding through countries at a speed of Mach 4.

It was silent. Everyone held still to their buckled belts, feeling jet-lagged by the experience.

A journey of 18 hours was reduced to 5.

Mid-afternoon, precisely around 3pm in USA time.

They got off the jet to see they were on a huge Navy fleet ship containing several jets and choppers. And to top it off, the Indian Ocean stretched endlessly within view.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 251: Jason
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Where are we?"

Zara asked, obviously not going to get an answer because everyone was too dazed to respond.

The fresh scent of salt water filled the air, accompanied by a chilling breeze.

Up in the sky, a bright full moon shone. Illuminating the stretching sea in surreal brilliance.

The surroundings were breathtaking but not serene. Bustling with life and activity, cars could be seen driving through the port in a hurry while Jets made their landings.

The fact that they were on a ship this big and could carry hundreds of aircraft completely overwhelmed the Elites. Max wasn’t exempted either.

But just then, cutting through their thoughts. 3 UTVs parked before them, driven by men in camouflage. They nodded at the instructor and didn’t seem to care much about the Elites.

"Get in." The Instructor ordered with a serious look on his face. His usual carefree gone, same with the cigarette.

Across the wide take-off lane, on the opposite stand. A group of students could be seen alighting from a similar super falcon x jet. All dazed with a shocked look on their faces.

The piercing arrival of another jet sounded as it landed.

’So it’s really a conference of Elite Students from around the globe.’

Although the term for SS Elites differed for each school, he understood how serious what they were here for.

Not long after, all three PTVs stopped within a yellow square line and the ground beneath descended following a series of electronic beeps.

As they descended through the shaft, a lit opening soon appeared, revealing a clean white interior that seemed to be a secret base.

Men and women in lab coats could be seen hurrying to meet their busy schedules while armed men in camouflage were along every corner.

The shaft let out a sharp beep and a middle-aged man in a lab coat approached them.

"Elite Metropolitan?"

He asked straightforwardly, earning a nod from the instructor.

"I’m Doc Murphy. Let’s go, the others are waiting?"

They shook and the instructor smiled.

"Stay close in your best composure and be attentive. We can’t falter before our competitors."

According to the Instructor’s words the Elites exchange glances once more.

The man, Doc Murphy, hastily led them to a nearby elevator after swiping his card.

"Virtual Impact X is humanity’s first true breakthrough into virtual reality. You were brought here to test its full efficiency."

Doc Murphy turned to them and casually explained the reason they were here instead of letting the moment pass by in silence.

Seeing the lit curiosity in their eyes he continued.

"You’ll be running a full combat drill to test your performance. As for your opponents..."

Beep!

The elevator stopped and its door slid open to reveal a grandiose, spacious, fully equipped computer lab.

There was no sign of hasty people in white clothes. Instead the whole space seemed controlled and oppressive as the attention of the gathering that had formed rested on them upon their arrival.

Some in a group of 3, 4 and maximum of 5.

Their uniforms clearly differentiated.

Among them Max recognised the Sentinels and Paragons by their uniform.

The gathering in total was more than a hundred.

Looking closely there were quite a few distinguished youths that stood out even among the likes of SS Elites.

Their presence radiated oppressively as the faces of those beside them were solemn.

They were the pinnacle of what a student could be, equal to SSS Elite.

"They are here?"

Max sensed the aura of the Elites turn tense like they’d encountered an overwhelming foe.

"I must say, this is quite the gathering-"

"Shut up. No one wants to hear your crap." Before the instructor could finish his words, a rude voice cut him off from afar. It was a lean man in a similar loose fashion sense as the Instructor. Beside him a group of arrogant youths in burgundy red blazer and navy downs could be seen smirking at them.

"Royals." One of the girls said to squeezed teeth.

The instructor raised a middle finger at the man and the atmosphere fell into oppressive silence once more.

Max could sense the curious gaze checking them out just as they did too.

By now they all knew what they were here for.

Not long after, a few groups joined them. Raising the numbers to 150.

Following the arrival of the last group however, a youth with black striking jet hair packed neatly with a faint trail of his hair cream approached the SS Elites.

His uniform was completely white with the logo of a throne.

"What’s the Sovereign High Student doing?"

Max heard someone say not expecting all eyes would be on him the next instant.

"Hi there cousin."

The Sovereign High student pointed at Max, puzzling everyone present.

’Huh? Who the fuck are you?’

Feeling quite disrespected by the time of the youth. Max remained silent in puzzlement.

But just then, another person spoke up, diverting the attention from him.

"I thought you knew more than to reveal family fight to the public."

From the Paragon side, Nathan revealed himself. His composure calm and cool at he pointed at Jason.

In the Riders family, the Matriarch actually once had 6 daughters. Max’s mother had passed away and the last daughter amongst them was said to have left the family on her own accord. Just to be with her lover from another rivaling family. Jason was her child who turned out be quite devilish with a very high IQ. He became an SSS Ranked Student a year ago and made the family feel a sense of loss. Especially the Matriarch.

Seeing 3 of the Riders family descent about to cause a commotion. Everyone had a look of interest on their faces.

"First Evelyn now you two?"

Jason smiled, candidly touching his chin with a glint in his eyes.

’What are they talking about?’

Confused by the unfolding scenario, Max set his eyes on Nathan.

’So he’s also remarkable.’ he thought.

"Silence!"

Before the two could exchange another word, a rather short tempered man in white coat walked and stood at the centre, meeting the eyes of the instructors and the elites behind them.

"We’ve prepared a room for each team. Follow your assigned chief to have your VI Suits equipped.

The surrounding for this drill will be a live field of the Amazon tropical Forest.

A map will be generated and your mission objectives would be to strike down members of opposing teams. The highest counts win.

There are no rules."

Bang!

The man slammed his fist on the desk before him after reciting such a long speech.

The air lit with excitement and thrill as they were led to a mechanical room.

There they saw black suits interconnected with wires to several parts, hung in the air awaiting them to wear them."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 252: -Into the Amazon- 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hello. Welcome to Visual Impact X. Please gear up within the next 5 minutes."

A female AI voice spoke as a black space manifested. Following that, specters of light began to gather in the air to form an armory filled with weapons.

Watching the surreal scene in a daze—

[Ding!]

[Mental interference detected with the Host. Would you like to disconnect?]

The system’s interface manifested before him and the transformation in the space halted, asking for his permission to disconnect.

’No.’

Max willed in his heart and the interference resumed. Soon an arsenal containing all sorts of guns and bulletproof vests was formed.

"You gotta be kidding me?" Max breathlessly muttered as he saw his illusionary body. Hands, legs, torso.

In reality, the scientists and instructors watched with anticipation as the students’ reaction was most likely the same. Shock, amazement, ecstasy.

Inside his arsenal, Max put on his combat gear. A star insignia, the Elite Metropolitan High logo, was on his vest and shoulder. His gear was also a mix of their uniform colors. This way it would be easier to differentiate from other schools.

A knife, gloves, Desert Eagle, M4A1 Rifle, and magazines were all stuffed and hung over his body. There was a mask to cover his face, but Max didn’t feel like hiding his handsomeness.

’This shit is so cool.’

As a full-blooded gamer, Max’s thrill and excitement was valid. This was the fantasy of many.

"Countdown: 10 seconds left." The female AI spoke again and a red countdown began.

Max held his breath as the arsenal doors slid open.

"3..2..1."

Bright sunlight flooded in, causing his eyes to squint. Before he could react, all his six senses were overwhelmed.

First was the heat, then a wet, heavy smell of damp earth and sweet, rotting vegetation. Filling his lungs, the air felt like steam.

The lone silence that once filled the arsenal was vanquished, replaced by the high-pitched electronic buzz of cicadas, the piercing whistle of birds, and the roars of several animals.

Max stepped outside the arsenal, along with other Elites who were similarly dazed by the sensation.

’Were they really in a virtual reality?’ It felt too real.

When they finally organized their thoughts, the Elites all exchanged glances. The weapon arsenals were constructed in a circular order so they all formed a circle.

Zara, in a navy blue compression suit that clung to her body—unzipped halfway with a tactical sports bra exposed—had a sniper hung around her neck, holding onto it with strength not befitting her slender, curvy figure.

Briar held onto two big boxes; because of the drone drawn on them, Max figured out her specialty. She was the tracker and eyes of the team. Her appearance was rather distinct as she wore high-waisted cargo leggings with utility straps wrapped around her thighs, topping it off with a crop T-shirt underneath her heavy jacket.

Sasha was the hottest in her gear. She was just like Resident Evil—two pistols tucked to her sides with a medical kit in hand.

Kieran had a huge machete over his shoulder and a silenced, complicated-looking but cool rifle in his other hand. Menacing as ever, with a grin on his face.

Ash was the one who gave Max a surprise. The only firearm he had was a silenced G18. His body was tucked with knives and darts, his face painted with black soot.

John, supposedly the leader, however, had two belt-fed machine guns hanging by his sides. Belts of 8mm bullets were stored on him.

Only Dominic and Max looked ordinary in the group, with appearances bordering on norm.

"Here. Let’s take a look at the map."

Even if Max wasn’t fully accepted by the group, now wasn’t the moment for such. John brought out a map which no one saw in their arsenal and spread it.

"This is our current location." He pointed at one of the marked spots on the map with a star on it, close to the outer edges, and quickly shifted his hand in demonstration.

"A throne, knight helm, spear. These should represent the locations of the other schools." With realization, Ash spoke, echoing their discovery as they were all quick to grasp the reading.

John nodded in agreement. "Based on the reading, we are at least 200 meters apart. That’s more than enough time to plan who to strike."

"There’s also the possibility that some might decide to lay an ambush," Briar pointed out, but was countered by Dominic, whose eyes squinted at the map.

"This is unfamiliar terrain. A huge territory. Even with the map, there’s a reason it’s called the biggest forest in the world. With trees everywhere, a slight turn can make you lose direction. Staying mobile is the same as leaving your back exposed to the enemy."

The air fell silent in agreement. With deep, serious looks in their eyes, the Elites traced the map.

But suddenly, a sharp hiss broke through the air. A green snake shot forth from a towering tree ten meters away towards the group.

"Huh?" Everyone looked up, befuddled, but then Ash reacted and threw one of his small knives. It shot upward and pierced through the snake’s head, sending its dead body in the opposite direction.

The air was tensely still as they all realized something.

"Are you kidding me?" Sasha voiced with a tinge of frustration in her voice.

"We not only have the other schools to think about, but animals and insects alike." John shook his head. "I heard anacondas aren’t rare here. What if—"

"Jeez. Don’t jinx things." They all drew a silent breath.

"Okay, for now we’ll stall but not be mobile. There are bound to be clashes, so we’ll pick up kills using the commotion." John began to direct orders, while they each gave their inputs from time to time.

"Staying together will make us nothing more than a tasty bunch of kill points and easily taken down by a surrounding ambush," Kieran commented, showing how thoughtful he was despite his muscle brain. Everyone agreed.

"Separating into groups will make us easy prey when faced with multiple enemies."

At this moment Briar commented, "How does going in the same direction but in separate groups sound?"

"Hmm. Quite resourceful, Briar," John said, raising a thumbs up while the rest seemed puzzled. "We go in the same direction but in three groups. This way, when the first group gets contact, the others can converge immediately for an ambush."

The rest nodded in agreement.

"Okay. Kieran and Sasha are with me as the first group. Dominic, Ash, and Briar will follow as the second group. Briar, scout immediately with your drones for the best route for an ambush. Ash, do your best to move stealthily; Dominic will cover your tracks. Zara and Max as the third group—our backup. You both will stay far away. In case any manage to slip through the flanks or a drone, you take them out. If we get thrust into an ambush, I shall trust you to avenge us."

With that, they all exchanged nods and the first group moved. Seeing this, Max couldn’t help but interject.

"Aren’t we going to blend in?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 253: Into the Amazon ²
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The group halted, glancing back at Max.

"Wouldn’t it be better to blend in with leaves?"

"Right." They all realized and nodded in agreement.

Following that, they went to cut leaves and stuck them into their clothes as a form of camouflage.

"The second group moves out one minute later. Third group, five minutes," John instructed as they began cutting a way forward.

Soon it was just Max and Zara; they both remained silent and alert as they waited for the five-minute hold.

But then, seemingly out of curiosity, Zara turned to him and spoke out.

"So... you’re Max?" she let out, awkwardly holding up her sniper.

Intrigued by this, Max similarly tilted his head to meet her eyes.

"Yes... I’m Max," he responded, adding again, "Zara, right?"

"Hmm, yes." She nodded, and they both resumed glancing at their wristwatches.

’2 minutes left,’ Max thought.

Unable to take the enduring silence, Zara spoke again.

"So... I noticed you’re always nonchalant and don’t seem to care much about anything."

Tilting to see her curious, questioning eyes, Max appeared doubtful.

"Oh. Is that so?"

"Yes. In fact, I remember how excited and happy I was when I became an SS Ranked Student. John, Kieran, Sasha—everyone looked excited and happy too... But you, no one knew about you for years until you suddenly chose not to remain undercover. You made the A Ranks and their underlings win against us.

You got promoted two Ranks, beat up an Elite, held strong against Kieran, and as if that wasn’t enough... It took you a day and a single lesson to become an official SS Elite.

Very impressive, yet you showed up like it was nothing. Neither excited but confronted Kieran. Oh my—seems like I talked too much."

While pouring out all her curiosity, Zara realized she had become talkative and suddenly composed herself.

"Oh..." Max drew a thoughtful breath before continuing. "It’s nothing. I’ve never really thought of it in that way."

Zara shook her head and suddenly began to ponder. Suddenly, a look of enlightenment shone in her eyes.

"Humm... What do you think about Briar?"

’Huh?’

Befuddled, Max raised his brows slightly. Zara noticed this and quickly added.

"I mean, she told us she’s made her interest in you clear. Have you, like, you know, given her an answer or like her? Sorry for not minding my business."

"Oh." Max revealed a thoughtful expression.

"Actually, about that. I told her I have a girlfriend... And my girlfriend doesn’t mind having another companion either."

"Huh?"

It was Zara’s turn to reveal a look of confusion. What did he mean?

"You’re saying your girlfriend doesn’t mind you having another girlfriend?"

Wanting to clear what she heard, Zara asked curiously, a bit overwhelmed by his positive response. Suddenly, the look in her eyes turned strange and swept his whole appearance.

"Looking at you... You’re not only handsome, but hot. Why would a girl in her right senses want to share you with anyone?" she questioned with a skeptical and suspicious look.

"Oh. Thank you."

Although her compliment was unexpected, Max replied with a straight face and continued... "About that, I think she knows her limit."

Confused by his words, Zara frowned slightly but became even more curious. Directly bringing her closer to whisper in his ear—

"Does she have a weird kink or a threesome fantasy?"

—

Meanwhile, in reality.

A warning alarm blared and repeated red warning signs flashed on the screens broadcasting a live feed of the virtual reality Amazon forest. The instructors all had a grave look as they watched the scientists go about typing on keyboards at a rapid pace.

"Dr. Mark, I think the processor is finding it difficult to broadcast so many live POVs!"

"Okay. Reduce to 4."

The emergency was quickly solved, leaving the screen, which broadcasted every team, to just five teams out of 17 teams. The screen only showed those about to confront.

—

Back in the Amazon forest.

Zara retreated, leaving Max stunned.

"No, she doesn’t have a weird kink. I think she realized her capability."

Piqued, Zara didn’t hold back.

"And what capability is that?"

(You’ve been temporarily disconnected from the broadcasting feature.)

Both Max and Zara heard the female AI voice.

’What a relief.’

"I don’t think it’s proper to say." Max glanced at his watch and then signaled it was five minutes.

They both cautiously stepped onto the path carved by Kieran using his machete. Zara positioned her sniper and zoomed in the scope. Seconds passed in silence before she then raised a thumbs up at Max.

Max turned on his comms.

"Third group. We’ve got eyes on you. Do you copy?"

Sasha’s voice came from the other end.

"Copied."

Following that, Max turned it off. They had barely walked forward when Zara spoke again.

"Tell me, as you can see they’ve turned off the live feed broadcast. What isn’t proper to say?"

’Girls. They know what it is but purposefully urge you to say it.’

Max turned to her.

"Sex?"

Commonly, this was a very sensitive topic that would make many flush with shyness. However, Max said it so casually that Zara was left speechless. A subtle flush instantly crept up her cheeks at the thought. But not willing to be outdone, she mustered up the courage and feigned nonchalance.

"I see. What aspect of it?"

"Humm... My dick? Or maybe I’m just too good."

"You must be kidding, what an asshole."

Zara wasn’t the shy type, but Max’s casual exposure made her flush with slight embarrassment. So, she promptly came to the conclusion that Max was purposefully pulling her leg just to flirt. Feeling a bit disgusted that she was played, she decided to pay him no heed any longer.

Holding his rifle as they walked together, Max scanned their surroundings then added.

"What? You think I’m kidding?"

Zara shook her head, rolling her eyes in disdain.

"Of course, why not?"

"Okay." Max didn’t rebut.

"Hehehe—he isn’t kidding, girl."

Just then, another voice interjected, almost causing Max and Zara to press the trigger.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 254: Amazon Adventure -*1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

They were supposed to press the trigger, but Max was quick enough to signal at Zara before she pulled out the handgun tucked to her thigh.

Valeria had both hands raised, showing she was unarmed except for the long curved dagger around her waist and the handgun next to it.

Her face, arms, legs were all painted in green and brown. It was hard to differentiate her from the surroundings.

"Valeria?" Max called out with a puzzled look, motioning at Zara to be at ease.

"My, quite a surprise. You recognized me without mistaking me for Viktoria?"

Valeria feigned a gasp and covered her mouth as she giggled.

"..."

However, sensing the awkward silence from Max and Zara at her appearance, she waved her hand casually.

"Don’t look at me like that. I had to grind leaves into paste and rub mud over my body just to hunt you guys. The perfect camouflage, isn’t it?"

She then raised her hands to show she was unarmed.

In response to her words, neither Max nor Zara reacted.

’How did she get here?’

Realizing that she could have successfully taken down one of them, Max felt a chill crawl down his spine.

’Even with my current physical stats, I would have died for sure if she chose to kill me. I need to go all out with my stats.’

"What do you want?"

Zara probed, relaxing her guard a little.

Valeria revealed a sly smile.

"Well, I was about to strike when I heard your comment about his dick."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

Confused, Zara thought Valeria was weird. She glanced at Max with raised brows, but he only shrugged slightly.

Valeria giggled softly—

"Trust me, he has a very, very big dick."

Zara was speechless; thinking Valeria was trying to buy time for her squad, she rolled her eyes. But then again, a bit of casual curiosity held her.

Meanwhile, Max was starting to get displeased by Valeria being about to expose his little secret.

"What is she trying to pull off?"

"How did you know?" Zara tauntingly asked with a smirk, not expecting a valid response.

Valeria giggled before responding while throwing Max a side wink.

"I sucked his cock and he fucked me so hard in a short time quickie. And trust me, I haven’t slept so well since that day."

Zara’s smirk faded, with a dumbfounded look taking shape.

’Are you kidding me? First was him and now her? Are the authorities trying to rewire our brains?’

Zara motioned to grab her handgun, but Valeria’s next words completely caught her.

"What’s with the strange look? Don’t tell me you are a virgin like that friend of yours—"

Right, Valeria wasn’t some random girl. She was a Sentinel, and two days ago... Sentinels met with Elites at the shooting range.

Something strange, or rather weird, was that Briar left for the restroom for a long time and returned with the twin trailing behind.

No one thought much about it, but now—

"Wait, did you fuck Briar?" Zara sharply turned to Max, sounding like she just figured out the most disillusioned mystery with a look of ridiculous disbelief.

Max was stunned, realizing how quickly things had spiraled. Before he could bring himself to explain, however, Valeria’s exasperated breath cut him short.

"No, she couldn’t even give him a proper blowjob, let alone be devirginized by that monster cock of his," Valeria explained, smiling naughtily at the end while Zara staggered one step back, trying to dilute the overwhelming revelation.

Eventually she did, and couldn’t hold back her curiosity.

"... So you guys fucked? He fucked you?" Zara asked.

"Yes. You’ve got any problem with that?" Valeria snickered back.

Zara glanced at Max and saw the same neutral look on his face, like what she just heard never happened.

First, Max was an Elite who officially became an SS Elite just yesterday. Compared to the likes of John, Kieran, Dominic Ash, Zara still looked down on Max despite his looks, charm, and aura so far. In her eyes, he only got lucky somehow.

But who knew, within hours of becoming an SS Elite, he had her second best friend, who valued self-esteem more than anything else, give him a blowjob while fucking a lesbian girl, a Sentinel equal to her in rank. The most shocking thing was that he did it without two instructors knowing or raising suspicion.

How terrifying was that?

Zara unconsciously found herself gulping at the thought.

Rolling her eyes, Valeria walked towards Max.

"Hehehe, Vision Impact X is said to mimic every emotion at a certain ratio, but I doubt that they’ve ever tried this out."

Without caring about Zara, Valeria smirked and grabbed hold of his groin area.

"Should we?"

If there was anything he loved the most, it was crazy girls/ladies when it came to sex. So far, those he listed as such were Mrs. Dalia, Cassia, Wu Lian, Olivia, Aunt Raven, and now Valeria. Those who similarly seek thrill from forbidden scenarios.

Zara watched with widened eyes as Max nodded in response to what Valeria had said, then the latter went on her knees, unbuckling his pants.

Were they going to fuck inside a Virtual Reality World?

’How’s that even possible?’

Zara tried to reject the possibility, but a blowjob was about to take place before her eyes.

Though her calm, controlled mind told her to look away at the defiant reality, her heart bloomed with curiosity as Valeria’s words played back in her head.

’Briar couldn’t even give a proper blowjob? What kind of dick can he possibly have?’

Valeria went on pulling his belt and eventually his zipper as Zara watched, breath hitched with low intensity.

’At this rate, they’ll probably notice the spiked abnormality in our bodies due to the suit.’

’Best chance to use my Taboo Wish Grant.’

Max smirked, instantly making a wish that would erase what would be happening in the next 1 hour except to the parties directly involved.

Valeria brought out his dick, half erect but not as thick as its real appearance.

’It seemed like whoever built this didn’t consider such a scenario.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 255: Amazon Adventure 2**
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Zara stood there in a daze.

Following the first sweep of Valeria’s tongue, Max saw his dick quickly grow in mass.

The sensation however was a bit unlike. Partial, stifled, and fake.

Max couldn’t help but raise his brows.

His dick grew to a rigid six and a half inches.

Noticing he stopped growing, Valeria almost choked on his dick and quickly withdrew, letting out a stifled laughter afterwards.

"Wait... Don’t tell me they’ve shrunk your monster?"

Her voice tinged with amusement as she glanced up at him, noting his raised brows.

To the side, Zara was impressed by Max’s size; he rivaled Kieran, but she couldn’t say which was better by just looks.

Was this what Briar couldn’t take? She thought, but then noticed the Russian teen stifle a laugh like she just heard a ridiculous joke.

’Wait, what’s happening?’ Zara skeptically observed the dick but noted nothing.

"Hehehe—from 9 inches to this?"

’Huh? 9 inches?’

Valeria’s words threw Zara into confusion, then realization that she couldn’t imagine.

’He has a 9-inch dick? That’s impossible.’

A 9-inch dick was what every sexually active woman dreamt of. A fantasy of many said to fill every corner to the brim and hit the perfect spot with every thrust.

Zara heavily doubted what she just heard, but she couldn’t deny the genuine desire in Valeria’s eyes.

There was no way a dick like that was able to make such a girl kneel before it.

Taking a spectator stand, she watched the next scene unfold.

Valeria deep-throated Max’s dick, spitting saliva over it and a few strokes.

Although he couldn’t feel the bliss, his growing lust was escalating.

’Visual Impact X is indeed humanity’s biggest leap at the moment. From the look of things, they must have gone deep into studying the concise reaction of the human body to various and varying circumstances to be able to depict such a lifelike visual. Just look at what happens when she sucks my dick, for example.’

Valeria also seemed driven by the experience and was even more committed to it.

"I can’t hold it in anymore. Fuck me, let me feel how your fake dick is inside me."

Valeria hastily stood up and held onto a big vine from one of the nearby trees. She arched down with her ass towards him.

Max slipped down her shorts, swiftly smacking it; he noticed that the supple feeling of a balloon filled with water had become rigid.

’Another virtual reality flaw.’

That didn’t stop him though.

Positioning his dick directly to her pussy, he went in with full force, slamming her so hard that she swayed forward.

Valeria cried in a whimper, lowering her voice so as not to attract any opposition.

The only one to witness this scene, which had no logic to it, was Zara.

’How did it get to this?’

They were supposed to be the backup for their squad, a reliable duo. But there was Max, fucking a girl that was supposed to be their enemy while she watched like a fool.

Naturally, with such a crazy live porn performance before her, Zara’s arousal started to cloud her thoughts, twisting logic into reasons. One of which was the last straw.

’C’mon. It’s just virtual reality. Having him fuck you doesn’t count as real sex, right?’

The more she tried to resist, the more ensnared she was by this thought.

Suddenly, Valeria’s stifled cry cracked. She gasped instead and collapsed on the ground, shock and bliss in her eyes.

"I think I’m having an orgasm in real life," she whispered.

’Seems like her brain could no longer bear the stimulation of being fucked so hard and decided to release through the body.’

Before Max could bring himself to fully comprehend his thoughts however, Zara walked up to him.

"My turn." Instead of shyly asking to partake, she acted like it was a threesome from the start and stepped forward with confidence.

Max raised a puzzled brow but wasn’t going to refute.

Unlike Valeria who got off with smacks and thrusts, he was going to make sure her body wouldn’t be a mystery to his thoughts anymore.

Thinking she just had to bend and let him thrust all he wanted, Zara was caught off guard by Max’s sudden pull.

"What are you doing?"

She tried to resist, but the moment she saw his hands grab her boobs, her arms softened.

"Hmmm—." Zara released a long breath, closing her eyes briefly as his hands slipped underneath her fitted top and grabbed both of her molds.

The feel of his palms was subtle, like an illusion that stimulated her desire.

Not willing to be outdone either, Zara placed one hand on his chest for support and extended the other to wrap around his dick, swiftly stroking it.

Shocking Zara, Max pressed his lips against hers and inserted his tongue.

The sensation was warped; Zara barely reacted.

This was more than she asked for.

’Even if this is a virtual reality, there’s no way I can get rid of this memory,’ Zara thought, her intention of just a casual fling no longer existing. She wondered how she would see Max after this; there was also the curiosity to confirm if Max had a 9-inch cock too.

With her thoughts running through various scenarios, Zara responded and melted in his kiss.

Smooch!

Hmmm—

No longer comfortable with the tight press of her top, Max undid her zip and set those boobs free, resuming to massage them till they both broke away from the kiss.

Using the little moment, he saw her boobs clearly. They were of moderate size at best, small nipples but large areolas.

"Nice tits," Max promptly commented and turned her against the tree before she could react.

"Ahhh." Zara gasped from the sudden intrusion.

Smack!

Max smacked her ass and roughly began to thrust with an impact that strongly shook her legs.

"Mmmm. Mmmm. Mmmm..." Zara moaned with every thrust.

Soon, just like Valeria, she came in real life due to the stimulation.

Seeing this, Valeria smirked.

"I’m afraid I have to go." With that, she dashed, climbing up a tree and began to leap through branches till she was out of sight.

Just then, a voice rang through the telecom.

"We are getting ambushed. Requesting for backup."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 256: Campers -
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kieran’s voice sounded through the comm and the next instant, the sound of gunshots reached their ears.

Reacting, Max and Zara exchanged a single glance, realizing that because of their little adventure they were far behind the squad.

"Fuck!"

Cursing in sync, Zara hurriedly pulled up her shorts. Leaving her boobs to bounce freely in the air while she slipped out a dagger.

"Copy! Backup on the way." Max spoke through the comm, zipping up his pants and already jogging forward.

"I’ll be able to lock onto them from the trees. You go, I’ll cover."

Zara stabbed the tree with uncanny strength. The sniper rifle was slung behind her while she ascended.

–

Meanwhile– facing the center of engagement, John’s pupils shrunk.

"Shit! We are being ambushed by two groups! Retreat! I’ll cover."

Kieran, Ash, and Dominic’s faces fell as they heard this.

Two schools actually joined forces, such shamelessness.

But then again, they realized that there were no rules to begin with.

Though he shouted retreat, John made a secret signal for Dominic and Ash to strike covertly. Because retreating would have more casualties than meeting them head-on.

Ash was like a panther sneaking behind the trees. Dominic in the opposite side but same direction, opened fire with his silenced rifle.

The joint squad of two schools were caught off guard and thrown into disarray by this. Commanding shouts rang through the forest afterwards.

Briar took cover while Sasha covered Kieran and John who were facing direct fire from the enemy squad.

"Shit! Sniper in sight!"

John shouted but it was already too late.

Bang!

A .50 BMG pierced through the trunk of a tree then through Kieran who leaped just in time to protect John.

"Fuck! We lost Kieran. Where’s our backup?"

With no guarantee of safety due to the hidden sniper, John decided to go all out.

Both machine guns roared to life, shooting a steady stream of high-caliber bullets.

Screams of the enemy announcing their losses broke out.

Ash and Dominic already took out one target each by surprise. But the enemy were also elites like them, reacting fast to cover their flanks, locking in a standoff.

They were 1 man short; sooner or later John would run out of bullets. If the sniper was far enough to be suppressed by the machine guns, John would soon be taken out.

"I’m sending the drones to lock on the sniper’s location!"

"Backup! Do you copy?"

Briar’s voice rang through the comm just as Zara reached the tree’s crown.

"Copy! You say they’ve got a sniper?" Zara slanted over the tree’s branch while holding her sniper rifle in position and hoping that the branch wouldn’t give up from the recoil when she fired.

Hearing Zara’s voice, Briar felt relieved.

"On it," she said as she quickly switched screens between the two drones she had sent out.

"Gotcha! 2 o’clock towards the West!"

Having reloaded, the opposition sniper who was a dark-skinned youth cursed when he sighted the drones.

"I have to take her out before she pinpoints my location."

* Briar was just about to brief Zara of the sniper tree’s appearance when another distinct bang rang out. Her head was blown off leaving Zara grim over the comm.

"Bastard."

Zara, still oblivious to her exposed boobs, zoomed the scope to the limit and steadied her breath.

Not long after— "Found you!"

–

On the other end. The dark-skinned youth had just reloaded and prepared to fire when a silenced bullet pierced a clean hole through his head.

"Shit, I’m out of rounds."

John glanced down to see empty shells pooled around so that his feet got covered by them.

The enemy took note of this and jumped out of hiding, opening fire at his lone figure.

"Fuck you."

Unfortunately, John had no intent of giving away a point. He already pulled the pin of a grenade and killed himself. Making his kill point 4.

Ash and Dominic killed their second targets before being surrounded.

Luckily, Ash took an opposition with him.

Now it was just Zara, Sasha, with Max who was yet to arrive against four opposition.

Sasha hid behind a tree as four figures revealed themselves in the open while cautiously pointing their guns around. A single twitch was what it would take to open fire.

Watching through her scope Zara contemplated; she could take one out and gain a kill point but she knew better. Her job was to support when her teammate was in danger.

There was no way Sasha could take on those four people.

In the pensive silence of the battlefield just moments ago, bodies and empty shells could be seen scattered about as four figures moved in a rotating kite formation, ready to strike.

Watching this scene from above, Max pulled out the pin and threw down the grenade.

Sure, the distinct ping made them glance in his direction. But their minds were too slow to figure out he was high above a tree.

The grenade exploded without fault, sending one head flying and the rest to fly, slamming hard against the trees.

Calm and analytical, Max confirmed his kill with precise shots.

In the real world, those watching the scene on one of the five screens couldn’t be more shocked. But what Max did next left them all speechless. A popular tactic employed in battle royale games:

Drop the bait and camp for kills.

"Sasha, lie low and release 5 shots."

Max spoke over the comms.

Although she was a bit reluctant, Sasha still did as told.

As expected, another group sneakily arrived at the bloody site hoping that they could pick up leftovers.

But unfortunately after looking around, they found nothing and let down their guard.

Max threw down the unpinned grenade he was holding onto at the center of five youths.

They reacted too late.

Due to the fact that the grenade came from above, their necks couldn’t withstand the explosive force.

"Shit!"

Unexpectedly there was a teammate left behind the group who witnessed this scene. A sniper user. Before he could position to shoot at Max, Zara took him out.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 257: Champion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the lobby, before the big screens and complicated-looking computers below, the Elites could be seen exchanging excited hugs while the other schools either joined in celebrating their own or gazed with dissatisfaction.

This was because the total kill points of every school had been ranked.

(Ranked 1st→ Elites→ 25 Kill points.)

(Ranked 2nd→ Sovereigns→ 20 kill points.)

(Ranked 3rd→ Sentinels→ 18 Kill points.)

(Ranked 4th→ Royals→ 17 Kill points.)

(Ranked 5th→ Paragons→ 15 Kill points.)

Elite Metropolitan came first even though they weren’t the best. They were literally up against legendary SSS like Elites, to think of it. John, Ash, Kieran, and the girls all knew this. Which is why the look in their eyes when they gazed at Max had transformed to respect, gratitude, and amazement.

"Without you, there would be no winning." Suddenly Kieran walked up to Max and said, stretching his palm out for reconciliation.

Seeing the arrogant youth put down his pride, Max couldn’t help smiling as he received the handshake.

With no distinct policy of friend or foe, Ash switched to a much more jovial personality and patted Max on his shoulders.

The rest of the guys settled for a firm handshake.

Following Zara’s lead, the two other girls hugged him.

The Instructor meanwhile didn’t hold back his smirk or smiles. His casual wink at the other instructors earned their displeasure but, unfortunately, a win is a win.

After Max’s display of true camping skill, Sovereigns, Sentinels, and Royals lost through a bazooka standoff.

Right, Jason managed to survive but their big commotion awakened an Anaconda that swallowed him.

Jason’s face was as ugly as it could get while staring at the scoreboard.

Max solely killed 8 people compared to him who had 5.

"Hehehe—we are done here. Let’s go announce our victory."

Under the instructor’s lead, they were asked to write about their VR experiences and what it lacked before making their way to the jet.

Back in the Elite base, an emergency alarm was blaring. The Provost’s charming voice resounded past every hallway, dorm, and classroom, announcing that they should all gather at the Central Atrium.

The whole school erupted in chaos.

Speculation spread across the Atrium as the Elites wondered about the reason for such an urgent gathering.

Not long after, the Provost made her appearance. Quenching the chaos with her presence—though it was more like her curvy, thick figure packed in a black short gown and a red cape swirling behind her did the job.

At the sight of her blessed front packed firmly with an ample view of her cleavage, the males swallowed their saliva, while the girls felt admiration and jealousy.

Since becoming an Elite, the majority of Elites had only seen the Provost once.

Sweeping the silent, attentive Elites with her gaze, the Provost felt content and smiled.

"I know you must be wondering why I have ushered this emergency gathering!"

Her voice echoed through the Atrium.

"You might not know, but a worldwide tournament involving all Combat departments from all project schools has just been concluded."

Seeing her words send a wave of shock through the gathering, the Provost signaled a silent gesture with one hand before continuing.

"Sovereigns, Paragons, Royals, Sentinels—whatever project school you might think of were all present. I will also not fail to mention that they brought in their aces."

Realization dawned on the Elites about the grandness of the tournament.

This time the Provost didn’t silence them, letting the Elites whisper and turning the Atrium chaotic.

"Are you kidding me? The likes of SSS Ranked Students? What sort of tournament is that?"

"Aish. I know our SS champions might be good, but facing off against the pinnacle of their dreams?"

"Damn it. The Provost must have called us here to talk about the result."

Doubts and thrilled speculations flew about for the next 2 minutes before the Provost signaled for silence.

"I know, right? Faced against such odds, our chances of winning are almost nonexistent."

"However..."

The wall behind the Provost suddenly illuminated as a ranking was projected on it.

(Ranked 1st→ Elites→ 25 Kill points.)

(Ranked 2nd→ Sovereigns→ 20 kill points.)

(Ranked 3rd→ Sentinels→ 18 Kill points.)

(Ranked 4th→ Royals...)

"Holy sh*t!" The crowd burst into chaos following a series of flabbergasted curses and cheers.

"This has to be a dream!"

"Those pieces of shit Sovereigns are in for it."

"We won!"

The jubilation ensued for 5 minutes before the Elites decided to calm on their own. All eyes settled on the Provost.

"Well... First of all, this wouldn’t have been possible without Max Rider. He’s our MVP. We have John who performed outstandingly too, and Zara, courageous Kieran, and the rest of the SS combat students. They’ll arrive soon so I want us to give them a big welcome.

In the mood of this achievement, I would also like to declare tomorrow as a free day. A party will be held tomorrow night."

The Elites erupted into cheers.

Tired from the flight with aching bodies as they descended from the bus and made their way to the classroom exit.

"Welcome back!"

John, Briar, and Sasha almost passed out from the chorus shout. Dazed as to what might be the cause, they realized that the whole school had gathered in the hallway waiting for them.

"Welcome back, Champions!"

"You made us proud!"

’Huh? What the fuck is going on—’

Before Max could raise his voice, the Elites began chanting his name.

"Max! Max! Max!.."

Before he knew it, he was already being lifted and paraded around the school alongside John and Kieran.

When the chants finally ended, Max was just about to head to the dorm when a familiar figure approached him.

It was Sloane.

Dressed modestly corporate, she greeted him like a mistress to her master.

"The Provost wants to see you."

’The Provost, huh? I wonder what this might be all about?’

Nodding in response, Max tagged behind.

Inside the elevator, he wasn’t modest in the slightest and caressed her ass by raising up her skirt.

Unfortunately, the matter with the Provost seemed urgent and he couldn’t have his way with her.

When they got to the Provost’s office, though, Max couldn’t believe what he was seeing.

"Are you kidding me?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 258 258: New Proposal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Are you kidding me?'

Max halted in his steps as he entered the Provost's office. His usually composed look fractured at the sight before him.

First, the Provost's office had been fully transformed from what he previously knew to a wonder palace. Pink, red curtains weaved across the room, supposedly an office. Dark with no LED lighting, several candles flickered on, aligned to form a path, then gradually extended to create a big flower pattern.

At the centre of the firelights, a big wide bed could be seen. Petals scattered over it alongside small pillows. It was like a king's chamber used in servicing his wives and concubines.

Without a word, Sloane bowed and retreated silently.

Now it was just Max in the room, or so he thought before a figure pushed through one of the curtains. Skin glistening, obvious that it had been oiled, the Provost revealed herself. She was wearing the same black short gown as earlier. Her voluptuous curves sharply exhibited. The two massive mounds on her chest were held firmly and tight in the dress but revealed a tasty view of her cleavage.

For a moment, Max was lost in her visage. Seeing this, the Provost revealed a teasing smile. A rush of pride filled every fibre of her being once more.

'How charming. Not even you can resist,' the Provost thought.

The room was enveloped in surreal silence, the atmosphere thick with foreboding tension.

"You asked for me."

Although his destroyer had awakened and was in full throttle, raring to go on a rampage, Max managed to subdue the overwhelming lust and spoke calmly, surprising the Provost.

'Hmmm, he isn't salivating like a dog in heat yet? Seems like I underestimated him.'

Her smile never ceased, making it impossible to notice the observing glint in her eyes.

"Oh, pardon my indulgence, I didn't plan to let you see this," she said, but took seductive steps towards him while adding— "So… I've been thinking about your proposal, and I have to admit… I'm tempted."

Her sultry voice lingered in the air, her face just a palm away. They were of equal height so Max met her eyes unfazed and undaunted. The Provost placed her right hand on his shoulder and leaned closer so her massive melons could press against him.

Feeling the rising heat of his brother, Max subtly inhaled and responded.

"I'm sorry, but that proposal no longer holds." Max shook his head with a wry smile, noting the surprise in the Provost's eyes.

She subtly massaged his shoulder, pressing more of her massive bosom onto him, then said— "My, I thought I had all the time to decide."

Her teasing smile turned curious; her thoughts surfaced for a moment. 'How daring. Is he trying to act tough now?' Amused, the Provost began rubbing his chest.

"Well, that would have been the case if you hadn't seen my cock in action. I mean… who knows what you're thinking right now."

Suddenly, the aura around Max changed the moment he spoke these words, his tone cunningly arrogant and possessive. His gaze tore its modest facade and brazenly trailed her lips down to her bosom.

Max didn't dare hold back. Usually, he would play passive and let things happen as they should. But the Provost was the kind of woman that sparked his need to subjugate. She always looked carefree, like everything was under her control—beneath her seduction, perhaps.

From the first time he saw her, Max felt the primal need to claim her, make her his personal bitch. More than a one-time fling or fuck bodies, he wanted her to drop the act of being in control and submit to him in the most carnal way possible.

But the problem was, the Provost was simply too smart to play into his hands, and he didn't have any advantage against her. She was used to things going as she willed. Why would she give up on that to become the prey instead?

To conquer the Provost, Max had to play his cards right and show his true strength. After all, this was going to be a Hunter vs. Hunter play.

Stunned by the sudden switch in Max's temperament, a playful smile coiled up the Provost's face.

"My, you sure did put up a good show, didn't you?"

'So he knew…'

Contrary to her words, the Provost's assessment of Max increased to a whole new level.

"I know—" Max smirked, placing his thumb on her chin as he stared into her pupils. "—I also know you've been stuffing a lot of toys down there thinking about me. You know, you could have just asked; I wouldn't mind being handy in such ways."

Parting her lips with his thumb, Max inched closer.

"My, just how much have I let on?" The Provost's expression fractured; Max wasn't wrong. "Alright, I admit you won this. What is your new proposal then?" she uttered softly, eyes locked with his, their lips just two inches away.

The atmosphere in the room peaked.

"What a hassle. If you want me to fuck you badly, then you'll have to be my personal… whore."

The Provost's lashes trembled slightly, leaving Max unable to read her emotions. 3 seconds, 5, 10…

'Shit, did I play my card wrong?'

Just before Max concluded that he played the wrong card, a sly smile broke on the Provost. 'Damn it. She played me by delaying her response.'

"Your personal whore, huh? I commend your guts… but that depends. Can you make me long for what you have here?"

As she said this, her left hand traced the big bulge in his pants and grabbed the outline of his monstrosity.

"Hmmm—" Exhaling at the feel of it, the Provost smirked.

"Such big words from someone who fucks herself with a dildo at a video of me fucking her assistant. How much have you longed for this moment?"

"Hmmmm—"

Max barely completed these words before he and the Provost progressed to devour each other.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 259 259: Final- The Provost¹***
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The heated exchange between Max and the Provost continued to reverberate through the darkly lit room.

Both figures were entwined, moving chaotically and causing a mess. Max had his hand grab one side of her ass and was stunned by the bubble sensation.

'Oh shit, how's her ass this soft?'

Just then, his amazement was instantly seized by the Provost's hungry lips. Her soft moan rang in his ears as she pressed on. Her arm coiled behind his neck and fingers gripping his hair tightly. The feeling of her tits was heavenly.

Hmmmm—Smooch!

After a few minutes, they both eventually detached from each other. Under the Provost's relentless desire, Max found his back against the wall, both palms firmly gripping her thick ass and threatening to pull up the short tight gown. Everything around them seemed to freeze as they stared deep into the burning lust in their eyes. The Provost, heaving, sprouted a smile that could capture the heart of men.

They said no words; her hands traced his collar, removing his tie, then his blazer. It didn't take long before his buttons came undone; Max's sculpted muscles and abs were unraveled for the Provost to see.

Although she didn't speak, her smile widened just as her breath hitched. Her eyes held volumes of curiosity and hunger.

Upon unbuckling his pants, the Provost slipped her hand inside, teasingly grabbed hold of his dick through his boxers, then let go. Max almost pounced on her but managed to subdue his primal urge. The Provost noticed this and took several steps back—not of fright, but steps of a cunning predator who had caught its prey. Or so she thought.

Moving towards the bed aligned with curtains, she flicked her index finger in a "come" gesture and then halted. Max watched as the Provost's voluptuous body, which had driven many men and youths into several fantasies, slowly unravelled before his eyes. Under his gaze, the Provost slowly slipped up her dress, exposing her thick thighs that shook from every minute movement she made.

Max felt a dry patch in his throat as his desire flared. With the same smile that revealed she absolutely knew the effect she was causing, the Provost kept it up, revealing the embroidered red thong she was wearing and a rose tattoo. Through the tiny holes of the embroidery, Max caught a glimpse of another tattoo line. He figured out it would be just a few inches above her slit.

Before he could gnaw on the thought, the sight of the Provost's lower body was completely formed.

Thick, curvy, sexy—Max felt the need to claim every part of her. Next up was her pierced belly button with a gold ring. The Provost's abdomen was perfectly flat.

At this moment, Max intuitively zoomed in with his eyes. Everything else other than the Provost's massive tits appeared like a blur.  After a slight struggle, the gown was pulled up in one swift motion, making the Provost's melons bounce in their imprisonment. A tight, red embroidered bra packed full to the brim and her cleavage pushed upward in glory.

Max was completely mesmerized.

Suddenly the Provost flung the gown away; her smile was vivid. As tempting as a succubus, she sexily placed her hands on her waist, then slowly traced them up until she was firmly holding her massive tits, shaking them—

"Do you like what you see?"

Her words were the last thing Max needed to break his restraint. The Provost got him good and he knew it. He could choose to finger her and bring her to submission by making her beg for his cock, but the Provost was someone well-versed in this art. If he wanted to claim her, he had to go all out from the start.

"Yes."

After pulling off his pants, Max stood and responded in a deep baritone voice, almost like he was another entity.

"Do you?" he asked in return. The Provost's eyes were glued on the tent built by his 9-inch cock threatening to tear through the fabric of its imprisonment. Although she had witnessed it in action severally, now that it was her turn, the sensation was completely surreal. Her panties soiled from just the thought of being pounded by it.

"Yes," the Provost responded, and they both locked eyes.

Max took a step forward; his temperament, that of a predator much more than the Provost could ever be, was revealed. Although weaker, the Provost wasn't willing to be outdone. Like two opposite magnetic poles, they pounced on each other. The Provost leaped into Max's arms, her legs coiled around him. Max reciprocated the gesture by supporting her bubble butt.

Engaging in a fierce lustful kiss, smooching and trying to suck the life out of each other, they both reached their limit. The Provost's legs loosened and Max threw her on the bed in a single motion. She landed on her back, letting out a soft "Ahh" sound as Max towered above her.

In the next moment, he launched at her like a beast. His hands gripped both cups of her bra and tore them apart. The Provost's big, sumptuous melons were set free, bouncing freely before his eyes with two hardened nipples pointing straight at him. It barely took Max a single second to pounce on them.

"Ahhhhhhhh!" The Provost gasped sharply from the bliss, having never been sucked so desperately before.

Everything happened like a blur—from Max tearing her bra cups to grabbing handfuls of her tits and squeezing them tight like oranges, to his lips, tongue, and teeth latching onto them the next instant. The Provost felt her whole body short-circuit. No one had ever held her breasts in such a manner or sucked them so well before, not even her two children when they were kids.

She couldn't grasp how Max could be so good at it. The way he fondled her prideful melons was like a skilled baker handling mixed flour. Max pressed on, sucking greedily while feasting with his hands until the Provost couldn't hold back anymore.

"Yessss—!" she gasped, encouragingly pressing his head into her massive tits to suck her nipples. Feeling sporadic pleasure course through her, the Provost began to speak indecently in a sultry tone.

"Yess baby! Hmmmm—! Yess! Suck mommy's tits hard! Ahhh!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 260 260: Final: Taboo Sovereign
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Finally managing to catch her breath, the Provost giggled softly and pulled down his underwear using her feet.

"Argh."

While he had no fetish for toes, the Provost knew her way around them. Max couldn't hold it in when she softly scrubbed his rod with her toes.

However, it was only for a moment.

The Provost spread her legs, hands parting both thighs to reveal her completely soaked thong. Biting her lips with a soft purr, the only thing contained within her sight was his monstrosity.

"Come, show me what you've got, baby boy."

Her voice trailed off provokingly, the slutty smile on her face making it so obvious that she wanted Max to go all out. Max nodded, solemn with seriousness as his cock hardened even more. He stroked it briefly and progressed to position.

The Provost wasn't submitting to him but rather giving him a chance to subdue her. For someone like her, Max knew he had to go all out. There wasn't going to be soft, gentle cuddling. He was going to treat her like a bitch, a whore, so she could realize her most inner desire after all these years.

And to begin, Max roughly pulled her to the edge of the bed. He lifted one leg by her thick thighs and slapped her ass so hard that the Provost winced in pain but didn't push him away. Instead, her expression turned more naughty as she taunted him.

"Easy there boy, I see you don't plan to take it easy on me—ahhh."

Her words were cut short as Max easily, roughly lifted her other leg. An image of Elite Metropolitan High's Provost—a milf blessed in all aspects: big bubble butt, thick thighs, two massive milkers, and a perfectly curved figure, feared and fantasized by all who had seen her—was formed with two legs over the shoulders of a youth, the best Elite currently, and about to be pounded like never before in her life.

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

Max's thrust was unhesitant, fierce, and brutal. Having never experienced something so big and real before, the Provost's heart—rather, her desires—melted like a dream come true. Max's iron rod pounded straight, squeezing through her moist, dripping hole which offered no resistance but acted like a hungry sponge planning to absorb every drop inside him. The Provost felt her pussy expanding past every corner, like a sheath containing its sword. To top it off, the seething warmth from it further seemed to ignite her inner walls, turning it into a cockpit.

So many sensations and epiphanies, yet this was just Max's first thrust. The next thrust came more brutal, producing a clap as Max hugged the Provost's thighs.

The third came, then the fourth.

Kpa! Kpa!

"Ahhh! Yesss! Hmmm–! I didn't know you fucked so goooood!"

"Ahhh! Hmmm–! I can feel it, my G-spot! Yesss! Harder!"

With every brutal thrust and clap, the Provost blurted confessions amidst moans, screaming in delight at the solid monstrosity marking its territory within her. However, what further encouraged Max to pound harder was the sight of the Provost's jingling tits. Now that they had been set free, they shook, rolling all over her chest with every insertion.

The Provost's office was filled with claps and moans. In her euphoria, the Provost already pulled down the nearby curtains.

"Aaaaaaahhhhh! You're making me cummmmm! Yessss—!" The Provost screamed one more time before her body started spasming. A flood of her orgasm washed Max's cock out of her pussy due to the walls losing their gritty hold.

The Provost's eyes became whitish afterwards. And for a moment, her body froze then slumped.

'Wtf!'

Before Max could react, the Provost jerked and screamed. A gush of colorless liquid rushed out, splashing Max before he moved away.

'She's squirting already?'

Watching the sight, Max shook his head.

"Yess! Yess! Yess!..." The Provost kept screaming repeatedly, which gave Max an idea.

He knelt atop the bed next to her face, then rubbed his cock and inserted his fingers into her mouth. The Provost choked; tasting her own orgasm didn't disrupt the bliss she felt, instead, she gladly sucked his fingers. While she was at it, Max took his time by grabbing a handful of her tits. He kept at it for thirty seconds before grabbing one of the fallen curtains.

Unaware, the Provost's eyes forced open when she suddenly felt a force tightening around her wrists, but it was already too late. Max smirked for the first time as he saw the befuddled expression on her face. Clearly, she couldn't understand why her hands were tied. But in order not to give Max the satisfaction he wanted, she played it cool and was even curious about what he wanted to do.

Pulling her down from the bed, the Provost could only kneel. Max's smirk widened at the view, and his cock pointed unhinged at the Provost's face.

'Wait, is he trying to—'

Before she could complete her thoughts, Max lifted the Provost's tied arms, resting them on his chest, and proceeded to grab her hair. The Provost tried to gasp, but couldn't. It wasn't that she lost her voice; the girthy length of Max's cock was already buried in her mouth. It slid over her tongue, filling her mouth to the extreme limit and poking her esophagus.

Her eyes bulged in reaction, and her face flushed pink. At this moment, Max realized the one flaw the Provost had: she wasn't a cock-sucking bitch yet. Based on her reaction, this must be her first deepthroat experience. Max snickered evilly in his heart.

"Little mommy doesn't know how to suck a cock, it seems."

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

Max impaled his cock down the Provost's throat, repeatedly thrusting. The Provost gagged, but there was nothing she could do. She was helpless as Max kept fucking her mouth and causing her throat to bulge. Tears pooled in her eyes and precum dripped down her in a slutty manner as she gagged.

Of course, Max often pulled out so she could catch her breath. But in those moments, he also made sure to slap her with his cock, smearing precum mixed with saliva over her face.

"Argh—" Max exhaled as he came heavily. His seed shot down the Provost's throat while she inhaled in delight. Pulling out, he also gave her a facial.

The office fell silent.

Arms aching and still trying to gulp down what was left of Max's seed, the Provost heaved roughly. Her appearance was slutty with a bit of dishevelment due to her hair being scattered from Max's grip. She slowly raised her head to see Max's cock still pointing upright.

The Provost smiled.

"I admit you got me good. But please tell me you have something more exciting."

The Provost tried to taunt him, but this time Max saw through her facade.

"Drop the act. You just want to be fucked so hard and you're making up for your starved cunt. You aren't trying to prove a point about submission. In fact, you submitted the first time you watched me fuck your assistant."

Max's voice tinged with realization, not a bit displeased that he had been fooled.

Tied like a captive, the Provost smirked.

"My, you've finally caught on." A sly smile spread across her lips as she gazed up at him.

"What a slut. I'm compassionate to a slut like you anyway, so I don't mind. However—" Max revealed a twisted smile. "—I'm going to shred apart that arrogant side of yours that thinks you've played me."

"Go on." With Max having seen through her, the Provost didn't bother hiding her desire. In truth, she wanted to be fucked so hard that her soul would moan in delight.

Using his strength, Max unhurriedly placed the Provost back on the bed on her knees. Her hands were still tied, so there was no comfort. Max traced the Provost's backside, slipping his hands beneath her arms from behind to grab her melons in delight.

"Hmmmm—" The Provost exhaled in delight as he masterfully pinched her nipples and let go just in time for her to moan. He shifted closer, inhaling her scent and softly biting her earlobe.

"Hmmm– yessss—!" Just as she was moaning in ecstasy, the Provost felt Max's grip on her tits loosen. His hand pressed her neck, choking the bliss out of her. But of course, this only gave the Provost a thrill.

Knowing this, Max abruptly imbued his grip with more force and slammed the Provost's face into the bed, holding her still until she began to struggle from suffocation twenty seconds later. Not resisting the allure of her big booty in her downward position, Max smacked her ass and it gave a sharp, distinguished sound. Both cheeks were like balloons holding water, defying the laws of gravity. To steady the tempting sight, Max dug his fingers firmly in as if trying to leave a mark of ownership.

The Provost moaned into the bed; her pain became mixed with twisted bliss from the way Max treated her. Suddenly she felt his grip around her neck loosen, but there was no motion to help her up. Because her hands were tied and placed forward, it was difficult to rise without falling to the side.

Smack!

Max's fiery palm landed on her butt, causing it to shake and leaving a fiery print.

"Ahhh." The Provost hissed in pain, muffled by the foam. Behind her, Max grinned at his palm print.

"Looks better." The sight of the Provost's ass was something that would convert gays. Max quickly held up his cock and thrust it inside her pussy in one swoop.

'Activate Adamantine Rod.'

A rush of adrenaline filled Max to the core, enhancing his physical performance by 1,000%.

"Ahhhhhhhh! It's hot!"

The Provost screamed into the foam, cumming instantly as the hot, bulging sensation expanded her inner walls. She came, but Max was just starting. His fingers dug into both of her shaky ass cheeks and his waist pounded in with support.

"Daddddddyy!". The Provost screamed out loud, feeling that just one thrust alone had rocked her spine, shifting her womb to the side. All her thoughts vanished; her mind welcomed only one sensation, and it was the feel of Max's thrust inside her womb.

Max also couldn't hold back his groan.

Adamantine Rod doubled the sensation for both partners; bliss shot through him as he could feel every inch and clench of the Provost's pussy through his cock. Following with another thrust that rocked the Provost forward, the third and fourth came in similar motion.

Soon the Provost began to regret that she let Max tie her hands. She was helpless; there was nothing she could do to put up resistance against his thrusts.

"Yessss—! Fuck me!"

"Who are you?" Max's voice broke through her claims, thrusting sharply enough to jolt her hips and tits as he held her butt steady.

The Provost didn't respond, so he thrust sharply, deep into her womb.

"—Your slut! I'm your slut!" She cried out in ecstasy, cumming right away.

"No, you're cheaper than a slut. Who are you?"

Amidst the bliss, the Provost felt ashamed at the realization of what she felt like.

" —I'm your whore." The Provost cried out, her pussy dripping from her own orgasm.

"Good! You're my whore! My personal slut from today upward! If you dare play with this Daddy, your master will make sure you don't…" Max didn't complete his words but rather pulled his orgasm-covered cock out of her nasty cunt.

Sure enough, the Provost hastily reacted.

"No Daddy. I'll continue to be your whore. Your little girl who wants your big cock inside me."

Hearing this, Max felt content with the Provost's words. But with the Adamantine Rod active, the Provost was soon going to pass out at this rate.

"Do you want Daddy's cock in your asshole?"

Max pulled his cock from her dripping pussy, slapping her ass with it. He could feel his balls packed full and ready to explode. Meanwhile, the Provost acted reinvigorated by his words and began to shake her ass. Finally managing to catch her breath, she said:

"Yess daddddddyy! Cum in my ass. Fuck. My ass is like the whore I am. Ahhhhhhhh!"

Before she could complete the statement, the Provost's moan reverberated through the office. She felt Max's fiery cock open her butt, half its length buried inside her, and it shot out waves of seed that quickly started dripping out of her ass. Without knowing he was fulfilling the Provost's life-long fantasy, Max began to fuck her ass using his cum as a lubricant.

The Provost's asshole wasn't exactly tight to begin with, but when he pounded her for a straight 40 minutes, it began to feel like her pussy. Max pulled out and came inside her womb, swapping holes freely.

The Provost's dirty screams and the squelching sound of his thrusts filled the room before everything suddenly turned black. The office, including the Provost, disappeared. Max was alone in a blackscape, hovering with no gravity as the system's holographic screen floated before him.

[Ding!]

[Quest: SSS Ranked Taboo Student. Accomplished!]

[Congratulations to the host!]

Suddenly the blackscape illuminated with fireworks under Max's stunned gaze.

'What's happening? What's with the system?' He was in a state of shock because this kind of phenomenon had never happened before.

The System went on—

[Impossible Difficulty Quest Accomplished!]

[Reward as Follows…]

[Ding! Received the Taboo Sovereign Inheritance.]

[Title: SSS Ranked Taboo Student.]

[Title: Taboo Sovereign.]

[x100,000,000,000 of all available physical stats.]

[Divine Ability: Taboo Clones.]

* Able to manifest real clones.

* There is no numerical limit. The restriction lies only in the user's will.

[Divine Ability: Taboo Authority]

* Grants dominion over all concepts labeled forbidden, sealed, restricted, or erased.

[Divine Ability: Absolute Transgression.]

The user may violate one rule of reality at will (causality, death, time flow, hierarchy, immunity, etc.]

[Passive: Narrative Override]

* Fate, prophecy, and "main character correction" no longer apply.

* Any narrative force attempting to suppress the user instead bends to justify their existence.]

[Immortality: Exist for as long as the world exists unless you are willing to die.]

[Ding!]

[Taboo Concubine Harem Sharing System Activated: Allows the Host to share blessings and abilities with Taboo Concubines he acknowledges.]

Under Max's confused and dazed gaze, a list of all the women and girls he fucked appeared.

[Mrs. Dalia—choose to acknowledge—]

[Aunt Raven—choose to acknowledge—]

[Sophia—choose to acknowledge—]

...The list went on.

[If acknowledged—they'll be accepted into your Harem.]

"Wow."

[Full accessibility and ownership of the Taboo System—you can modify and adjust it to your will and power.]

[Owner: Max Rider]

* Title: Taboo Sovereign

* Age: Immortal

* Stats: 5,000,000,000,000

* Charm: 16,000,000,000,000

* Strength: 2,000,000,000,000

* Agility: 16,000,000,000,000

* Stamina: 35,000,000,000,000

* Titles: Taboo Sovereign, SSS Ranked Taboo Student, Family's Secret Daddy, Flaws of Youth, Silent Punisher.

"This is all fucked up!"

The blackscape disappeared. Back in the present world, Max was stunned to see the Provost sucking his cock hungrily.

Slurp! She pulled away and winked at him.

"I have a present for you." The Provost flicked her fingers and 10 familiar girls pushed through the curtains. Max recognized them all—A-Ranked Students of Elite Metropolitan, all girls.

"I'm not only an immortal but a Taboo Sovereign," Max willed in his heart, and time stopped. He looked around in amazement and began to admire his body, not quite believing he had the strength to smash Earth into pieces, but didn't dare test it.

"Well, all of this doesn't make sense."