

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Previous Chapter

B1C1: Qin Yu

It is a day in the winter. After heavy snows, the whole Yan City seems to be covered in a silvery coat. A very large city, Yan City can accommodate several million people, and so the mansion of the person who is in charge of the 3 counties comprising the Eastern region -- ‘East Vanquishing Prince’ Qin De -- is located in the city.

The East Vanquishing Prince mansion occupies an extremely large area with its main entrance kept open all the time. The main entrance is also very large, enough for 6 or 7 people to enter at the same time.

Moreover, two bare-chested vigorous men who are about 2 meters tall and look as if they are carved from rock are standing on the left and right hand sides of the entrance with their eyes coldly glancing at the crowds of passersby. Each of them is carrying a huge blood-red battle knife on his muscular tiger-like back. At first sight, the knives are at least 1.5 m long.

It is a winter day, the ground is totally covered by snowflakes, the temperature is frighteningly low and even the rivers have frozen, yet these 2 men are bare-chested.

Nevertheless this is not the most shocking thing. What is even more frightening is that there is a ferocious tiger standing beside each of them.

The tigers are red like flame from top to toe and are about 2 m long. Every time they sweep their iron-whip-like tails, they cause the air to tremble. Their eyes radiate cold rays of light. These tigers are called ‘Fierce Tigers.’

Suddenly, 2 men walk out from the East Vanquishing Prince mansion. They are also bare-chested and leading a fierce tiger each. They have come to change shifts with the other two.

Outside of the mansion, people all wittingly bypass it whether they are members of powerful families, aristocrats or commoners in Yan City.

In a secluded courtyard in the East Vanquishing Prince mansion, a middle-aged man dressed in green is sitting on a stone bench. A lovely boy is sitting on his legs. 12 people are standing in front of him. These 12 people are either old men or beautiful women or young men, but they have one thing in common -- they are all dressed in purple.

‘Father, what have you called up so many teachers for?’ asks Qin Yu, who is just 6 years old and is sitting on his father’s thighs. Idly kneading a snowball in his hands, he looks at his father Qin De with doubtful eyes.

Qin De caresses Qin Yu’s head lovingly then looks up and turns to the 12 people. He suddenly says: ‘You have taught Yu’er for some time. All right, don’t be hesitant. Let me know if you have any judgements.’

The 12 people look at each other. Then a white-bearded man takes a step forward. ‘Your Highness,’ says he, ‘having observed Third Prince from every aspect, we see that Third Prince has some interest in unconventional skills, but has absolutely no interest in such matters as the way of ruling. According to our judgements, it is impossible for Third Prince to become a perfect ruler.’

It seems a bit subjective for them to make such an assertion after having stayed in contact with the boy for only several days, but Qin De has no doubts nonetheless.

He gives a deep sigh, looks at unwitting Qin Yu and says with a forced smile: ‘I see. Yu’er is like his mother. He has no interest in worldly power. But in terms of practicing martial arts he is...’

Saying up to here, Qin De suddenly stops. He then waves his hand and says: ‘This period of time must have been troublesome for you. You all can now leave the mansion.’

‘Your Highness, we take our leave!’

The 12 people bow in unison then leave the secluded little courtyard in turn.

Now there are only Qin De and his son Qin Yu in the courtyard. Qin De remains silent. After a while, he looks at Qin Yu with meaningful eyes. Anyway, 6-year-old Qin Yu is still unable to understand the meaning of this.

‘What’s the matter with father? Why isn’t he talking?’ wonders he. But he is very clever so he does not disturb his father. Having been without his mother since he was very little, in his heart father is the most important person in addition to his 2 older brothers.

After some time, Qin De is still sitting. Qin Yu has been sitting quietly on his father’s thighs all along.

Suddenly a cry of a crane rises.

A white Xian crane is flying towards them. On the Xian crane is sitting a handsome middle-aged man with an elegant, lofty demeanor. The Xian crane takes only a short while to arrive at the courtyard.

As soon as he sees this middle-aged man, Qin De stands up and asks hurriedly: ‘Brother Feng, there’s something wrong about Yu’er’s dantian. I wonder if you can think of...’

Seeing Qin De like that, Fengyuzi naturally knows what is wrong with his good friend. He only sighs and says: ‘As I said earlier, there’s absolutely no hope of success for Yu’er in practicing martial arts, Your Highness. His very strange dantian can’t accumulate internal energy so of course he can’t practice martial arts. This kind of dantian is innate and there’s not even a chance of finding it in millions upon millions of people. So I have no solution either.’

Hearing this outcome, Qin De slowly sits down and contemplates for a long time.

‘Father, what is internal energy? Why can’t my dantian accumulate internal energy? Just now those teachers also talked about a ruler or something. What did they mean?’ asks 6-year-old, wide-eyed Qin Yu doubtfully.

He remembers what was said not long ago clearly.

Qin De smiles bitterly inside, but he still soothes Qin Yu: ‘Yu’er, don’t ask too much. You dislike studying this and that, and want to go to Misty Villa, don’t you?’

Qin Yu’s eyes immediately shine with excitement, looking like bright stars in the night sky. He says: ‘Ah, so I don’t have to study those boring books anymore? Misty Villa, I love the hot spring, love looking up at the stars, and love watching the sun rise.’

Qin De smiles: ‘Alright, alright, alright, Yu’er, if you like, I’m going to give you Misty Villa. There’re also 1000 crack soldiers who will be yours to command. If you want something, just tell your father directly.’

‘Ah hah, this is awesome. Wow, Misty Villa is mine now. I’ll be able to soak in the hot spring every day. It’s going to feel very good,’ says Qin Yu. His cheeks are red with excitement.

The smile on Qin De’s face is totally forced but Qin Yu still does not notice anything unusual.

‘It’s good that you like it. Yu’er, you should get some sleep first. Whenever you want to go to Misty Villa, you only need to tell your Grandpa Lian,’ smiles Qin De while tapping Qin Yu on the head.

‘Goodbye Father. Goodbye Uncle Feng.’ Qin Yu waves his hands then goes to his room.

Qin De smiles and watches Qin Yu enter the room. His face then suddenly hardens. With a shake of his body, he seems to turn into a wisp of green smoke and disappears from the courtyard. Fengyuzi also disappears after him gracefully like a floating cotton fiber.

...

In a secret room of the princely mansion, there are 3 people at the moment -- Qin De, Fengyuzi and a scholar who is dressed in black and holding a folding fan.

‘Your Highness, you have really made the decision?’ The black-dressed scholar looks at Qin De and asks him doubtfully.

Qin De nods: ‘Since Yu’er can’t become a leader or an expert of the Xiantian level, it is better if he doesn’t take part in this. That strange dantian of his, alas, perhaps the only thing I can give him is 10 odd years of happiness and quietude. When the time comes for us to put my plan into action, Yu’er won’t be able to have a peaceful day either.’

Fengyuzi thinks for a while then decides to speak out.

‘Your Highness, must this plan of yours be executed? You should know what consequences that plan will bring about once it’s carried out, should you not?’ asks Fengyuzi once again.

Qin De’s face hardens immediately. His eyes flash with cold lights. He says: ‘It doesn’t matter if it is for the ancestors of the Qin clan or for Jing Yi, this plan must be carried out. Jing Yi left me 3 sons, although there’s something wrong with Yu’er dantian. But Feng’er and Zheng’er are good at martial arts and literature respectively, enough to make this matter of importance successful. Xu Yuan, has the first move ‘Shadowy Chess’ been started?’

The black-dressed scholar Xu Yuan waves his fan a couple of times then folds it and says with a smile: ‘Don’t worry, Your Highness. I have everything in the palm of my hand.’

‘Good. Very good,’ Qin De’s eyes radiate killing intent.

******

The place where East Vanquishing Prince Qin De lives is called the Qian Long continent, which has a large area. To this day no one has ever been able to measure it.

This is due mostly to the fact that the easternmost part of the Qian Long continent is occupied by an immense wilderness. The wilderness has many high mountain ranges and is covered by thick forests. It also has countless demonic beasts. The deeper one goes into the wilderness, the more dangerous the beasts he will encounter. Therefore, not even the powerful people honorably styled ‘Shangxian’ on the Qian Long continent have been able to explore this Immense Wilderness fully.

On the west side of the Immense Wilderness, there are 3 big kingdoms, ruled respectively by the Chu dynasty, the Ming dynasty and the Han dynasty.

The populations of the 3 kingdoms amount to approximately 10 billion people. The continent’s area is even more shockingly large. Of the 3 dynasties, Chu is the most powerful, but there is a very special clan within its kingdom -- the Qin clan.

The Qin clan occupies the 3 counties comprising the Eastern region out of the Chu kingdom’s 12 counties. It has a heritage that has been passed down for several hundred years. Its footing in the 3 Eastern region counties is so profound that even the Chu Emperor will find it extremely difficult to deal with the Qin clan. Moreover, the clan has a unique corps called the Fierce Tiger Corps.

Fierce Tigers, crimson from head to toe and having a fairly large body, are a particular type of tiger. The method of breeding them on a large scale is the most important secret of the Qin clan.

The Qin clan has charge of an army of 600,000 men, 50,000 of whom belong to the Fierce Tiger Corps. Every soldier of the Corps rides a Fierce Tiger. Having astonishingly strong attacks itself, coupled with the mounted soldier, the tiger becomes even more difficult to defeat.

The roars of the 50,000 Fierce Tigers alone can cause a lot of damage to the enemy’s morale. The 50,000 Fierce Tiger soldiers can easily annihilate a large army of over 100,000 ordinary cavalrymen.

The power of martial arts is of paramount importance on the Qian Long continent. Each of the 3 big kingdoms here has at least one Xiuxianist who serves as a national guardian. In the eyes of commoners, Xiuxianists are godlike. Once their flying swords are drawn, they can behead a person from hundreds or thousands of li away; using their swords, they can fly up to the ninth level of the sky. Are such feats not what only immortal beings are capable of?

******

Misty Villa is built on Mount Donglan. The mountain is 3,000 m high and therefore can be considered a high mountain.

2 years has passed.

Qin Yu is now an 8-year-old boy. He has grown taller quite a bit. His eyes occasionally radiate wisdom but deep in the eyes there is a hint of sadness. At this moment Qin Yu is walking on a mountain road alone with a black young eagle standing on his shoulder.

‘Xiao Hei, it’s been 2 years. My father has only visited me once in 2 whole years.’ Qin Yu nips his lips then talks to the young eagle on his shoulder.

He found this young eagle 1 year ago while going about on Mount Donglan and conveniently brought it along. Having the eagle as a friend, he has not been very lonesome. His father was his everyday friend before he turned 6. But it has been 2 whole years since then and he has only seen his father once.

The black eagle flaps its wings and gently caresses Qin Yu’s childish face, making him laugh immediately.

After walking for a while, he suddenly sees a pregnant woman ahead of him who is arduously carrying firewood. He promptly turns to the eagle and says: ‘Xiao Hei, let’s help this auntie, OK?’

Xiao Hei flaps its wings at once and shakes a couple of times on Qin Yu’s shoulder. Without delay Qin Yu runs very fast to the woman while laughing.

‘Auntie, allow me to carry the firewood for you.’ Qin Yu says to the woman.

Hearing that, she puts down a bundle of firewood and wipes the sweats on her face. When she sees that Qin Yu is only a boy, she says laughingly: ‘Thank you, little kid. Your auntie here can carry it by herself. It’s still about 1 li from here to our hamlet.’ Saying to here, she puts the firewood on her back again and continues to advance.

‘I’m not a little kid. I’m 8 years old already. I’m sure I can carry the firewood.’ Qin Yu looks at the sweats on the woman’s face. With just 2 actions he abruptly snatches the firewood from her and puts it on his back.

A bundle of firewood is nothing to an ordinary people, but to an 8-year-old boy it is very heavy. However, because Qin Yu often soaks himself in the hot spring in Misty Villa, his body is much stronger than that of a normal 8-year-old child, and he is actually able to carry it on his back.

‘Auntie, you see, aren’t I carrying it? Humph, you still call me a little kid?’ says Qin Yu proudly. His childish little face is covered in dust at the moment, looking very dirty.

The woman is amazed briefly. She soon says with a smile: ‘Your strength is really not bad. But there’s a li to go. I’m sure you can’t go on till the end, kid. You’d better let auntie carry it.’

‘Who says I can’t go on till the end?’

Seeing the woman reach out her hand, Qin Yu hurriedly starts to run forward. Then he turns his head around and says: ‘Auntie, I’ve run about this Mount Donglan many times. I know there’s a hamlet just over a li from here. It must be your hamlet. Let’s go. Hurry up. Hah, you’re not as fast as me!’

The pregnant woman smiles broadly: ‘This kid, what family is he from? Having a son like this, his parents must be very happy.’

At first it is not difficult for Qin Yu to carry the bundle of firewood but after going some length he feels his own legs start to weaken. After all, he has been going on a mountain road while carrying firewood on his back. Even though Qin Yu surely is strong, he is also merely 8 years old.

After a while, his legs suddenly tremble.

‘Kid...’ says the woman alarmingly.

‘Don’t worry, this is a piece of cake,’ says Qin Yu after turning his head around and struggling to put on a smiling face. Those words make him sound like a strongman. But the mountain road does not agree with them. Qin Yu’s foot hits a stone and he cannot help stumbling.

Then his whole body falls to the ground with a thud.

The woman immediately walks up. She takes hold of the firewood and helps Qin Yu stand up. His little face is now full of dust and looks very dirty. Feeling deeply wronged, he turns to the woman and says: ‘Auntie, actually... I can still carry it. Just now I only tripped on a stone.’

‘Alright, auntie knows you can still go on. But the hamlet is up ahead. I thank you very much.’

The woman puts the firewood on her back. Seeing that Qin Yu is not injured, she helps him clean his face. Then she carefully warns him again and again to go home. Only after Qin Yu has nodded and promised that he will does she return to the hamlet.

Qin Yu looks at the hamlet which is about 100 m in front of him and says with a frown: ‘Xiao Hei, it’s time to go home.’ Then he immediately smiles: ‘But it’s much easier for auntie now. She’ll arrive at the hamlet soon.’

His smile is brilliant. It is a smile from the bottom of his heart.

At a secret place nearby, 3 people look at each other. They are experts who secretly protect Qin Yu.

He is East Vanquishing Prince’s son, and Third Prince, no less, so how is it possible for him to run around alone on a big mountain?

‘Third Prince is still a kid, but he is already so kind. I can’t understand why His Highness sent Third Prince to Misty Villa. He only visited it once in 2 years. Every time seeing Third Prince sit alone at the top of the mountain for a whole night, seeing his small body engulfed in the cold wind of the night, I felt unhappy,’ groans one person in a low voice.

Another man nods and says: ‘Whenever Third Prince looked up at the sky, his expression made my heart ache. His Highness he... Alas!’

‘Enough! What His Highness wants to do is not what we can understand. Our duty is only to protect Third Prince well.’

Suddenly, on the mountain road, a swarthy man of an imposing build with eyes as large as copper bells is coming up at a high speed on a crimson tiger. He says loudly as he sees Qin Yu: ‘Third Prince, First Prince and Second Prince have arrived!’ Qin Yu is so excited that his eyes glitter. He runs to the swarthy man at once and jumps on the tiger’s back. His face has reddened with excitement. He says hurriedly: ‘Uncle Wang, hurry up, let’s go. Let’s get back to Misty Villa!’

The man hugs Qin Yu carefully then drives the Fierce Tiger to descend the mountain at top speed, leaving behind a dust cloud.

End of b1c1.

.

Previous Chapter

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C2: Resolution

Misty Villa is located on the mountainside of Mount Donglan. On the surface it is patrolled and guarded by a group of ferocious soldiers, but how many experts it has in secret is not known to outsiders. Moreover, because Misty Villa belongs to East Vanquishing Prince, only people who think their lives are too long would come here to cause trouble.

Outside of Misty Villa, there are 2 huge stone lions and 2 soldiers who wear black armors standing upright on the sides of the main entrance. They glance outward constantly and look like 2 lone, proud pine trees. Their large, strong bodies have a natural air of murder. That murderous air is what only soldiers who have really gone through bloody battles can possess.

‘Third Prince!’

The 2 black-armored soldiers kneel down suddenly and say respectfully.

Qin Yu quickly jumps down from the tiger’s back. The black eagle is standing firmly on his shoulder. Qin Yu is obviously very happy and excited at this moment. He runs through the entrance at a very fast speed and at the same time he says laughingly to the 2 soldiers: ‘Uncles, please stand up quickly.’

The 2 black-armored soldiers stand up. There is a hint of fondness in their eyes as they see Qin Yu’s small body rush into the main yard.

‘Ha-ha, big brother and second brother must be soaking in the hot spring.’ Without thinking much, Qin Yu runs directly toward the hot spring in the west garden of Misty Villa. He even murmurs: ‘Humph, humph, I’m obviously the master of Misty Villa. How dare these 2 guys enter the hot spring without my permission?’

After a short while, Qin Yu has arrived at the villa’s west garden.

He stands akimbo then suddenly points with his right hand. Glaring at the 2 people in the hot spring as if he is indignant he says: ‘Hey! You daredevils! I’m the master here. How dare you get into the hot spring without my permission? Ah...’ Qin Yu could only utter a loud cry before a hand reaches out and pulls him. He loses balance at once and falls toward the hot spring.

‘Hey, I haven’t taken off my clothes!’ cries Qin Yu. His body falls into the hot spring with a loud splash, sending out countless sprays of water. The black eagle, which is standing on Qin Yu’s shoulder, has to flap his wings hurriedly to have the luck to avoid falling into the hot spring. Otherwise this mighty eagle would have become a soaked chick.

‘Ha-ha, Xiao Yu, don’t you dare be so arrogant to your older brothers. You’ve gone too far. While your brothers work their butts off day in day out, you soak in this hot spring, and it’s the hot spring of Misty Villa, no less!’ says a juvenile very indignantly, but there is a hint of amusement deep in his eyes.

‘Pfff!’

Qin Yu forcefully spits out a gulp of water. His whole body is drenched. He looks angrily at the juvenile before him.

‘Second brother, so it’s really you. I knew it was you. Only you would pull me into the water. Big brother would never do that.’ Qin Yu quickly takes off his gown and pants. He jumps into the hot spring wearing only a pair of shorts and looks resentfully at his second brother Qin Zheng.

Qin Zheng is still just a 12 year old juvenile, but there is always an amiable, smiling expression on his face. He always makes people he deal with feel as if they are bathing in a spring breeze. Only when he is with his siblings can Qin Zheng fool around as a juvenile.

‘You said big brother? Ha-ha, he fell asleep quickly already,’ says Qin Zheng laughingly.

‘Qin Zheng, you think your big brother is like a pig? How could I have gone to sleep so fast?’ says a cool and collected young man who just moments ago was lying with his eyes closed on the other side of the hot spring. After opening his eyes and saying so to Qin Zheng, he turns to Qin Yu with a smile and says: ‘Xiao Yu, this Misty Villa’s hot spring is really unusually effective. Last time I only soaked in it once yet my wounds got much better. Now only their dim marks can be seen. If I soak in it for some more days, maybe my whole body would be like yours.’

This is Qin Yu’s big brother Qin Feng, who is already 16 years old. Due to practicing martial arts, he looks as if he is 18 or 19 years old. Big brother Qin Feng is the person Qin Yu adores the most. The last time they met, he saw with his own eyes that big brother could blow a tree as large as an adult’s thigh into smithereens with a single punch, and so he has been very envious of his martial prowess.

Hearing big brother talk about the unusual effects of the hot spring, Qin Yu stands up in a very mischievous manner, sticks out his little chest, raises his little head and says proudly: ‘Of course, there’s no question that Misty Villa’s hot spring is unusually effective. Humph, can’t you see who Misty Villa’s master is? It’s none other than your little brother!’

‘This brat!’

Both Qin Feng and Qin Zheng burst out laughing.

As Qin Yu has not seen his big brother and second brother for a long time, they enjoy messing around together. But Qin Feng and Qin Zheng give Qin Yu a slight advantage because they both dote on this little brother of theirs. They all lack a mother so naturally they care more about their little brother.

After playing for quite some time, Qin Yu lies down comfortably and quietly in the hot spring. Qin Feng and Qin Zheng also lie down.

‘Aren’t you very busy, brothers? How could you have time to visit me?’ asks Qin Yu.

‘Father, he...’ Seeming to notice that he has said something wrong, Qin Feng immediately says: ‘It’s nothing really. It’s just that there’s no business in the army for the moment so I returned. Father also allowed this. Then I found second brother and brought him along.’

Qin Zheng also nods and says to Qin Yu with a smile: ‘That’s true. You may not know that to find the time for this visit I had to try hard. But even so, I only got a half-day break. After half a day, I’m hurrying back.’

‘Me too, after a half day I’m leaving with second brother,’ says Qin Feng apologetically.

‘Oh, only a half day,’ responds Qin Yu. He is obviously a bit disappointed. His earlier excitement and mischievousness are totally gone.

Qin Yu has 3 relatives -- his father and his 2 older brothers. Father is so busy that he has only visited him once for the last 2 years. It is so hard for him to meet his brothers this time, but after a half day, he will be all by himself again, or perhaps, to be more exact, he will still have Xiao Hei, which is standing beside the hot spring.

Qin Feng and Qin Zheng exchange a look. They both feel powerless.

Qin Yu suddenly smiles and stands up. ‘Big brother, father went over there in the Immense Wilderness. He taught you a lot about the art of war, didn’t he?’ asks he immediately, ‘I know father is very good at marshaling forces. Grandpa Lian told me so.’

‘That’s right. Father’s art of war is terribly good. When he and I were carrying out land battle chess drills, it took me a half year of practice to barely meet his demands.’ Qin Feng seems to be remembering those days. He says unconsciously: ‘Father’s art of war is truly extremely good!’

‘Big brother!’ Qin Zheng looks at him. Qin Feng’s heart skips a beat. He cannot help smiling bitterly inside. He knows he was careless about what he said.

Qin Yu does not seem to take notice of that. With a very excited expression, he starts to talk with Qin Zheng and Qin Feng about what has happened to them these days. The 3 brothers chat in the hot spring for a long time. Then only after having a dinner party do Qin Feng and Qin Zheng leave.

Outside of Misty Villa, Qin Yu, dressed in a black brocade robe, follows his 2 brothers with his eyes as they are going away and waves his hands.

‘Goodbye, big brother, second brother!’ Qin Yu’s eyes twinkle nonstop.

Qin Feng and Qin Zheng turn their heads around and smile to Qin Yu. Then they jump onto 2 Fierce Tigers. There are about 100 crack soldiers behind them, who are also riding Fierce Tigers. In a short time they have already disappeared on the mountain road without a trace.

......

At a place down the mountain road, Qin Feng and Qin Zheng are riding 2 Fierce Tigers side by side.

‘Big brother, this time you were careless with your words. Xiao Yu doesn’t like stuff like scheming or policy making. Also, because of his dantian’s problem, he can’t practice to become a military commander. So, he can’t do well in both military and literary arts. Father’s energy has been spent on the two of us whereas Xiao Yu couldn’t see him in a whole year. He’s been all by himself. You said father and you had conducted land battle chess drills for a half year. What do you think he felt about that?’ says Qin Zheng to Qin Feng. He is obviously very annoyed.

Qin Feng says with a forced smile: ‘Second brother, I wasn’t paying attention at the time. After that I regretted saying so as well.’

Suddenly, Qin Feng’s face hardens. He says: ‘Second brother, because of his dantian’s innate problem, Xiao Yu can’t do well in martial and literary arts. He won’t have enough power to protect himself. We two must protect Xiao Yu well. We mustn’t let anyone bully him.’

‘If anyone dares to bully Xiao Yu, I’m going to make them regret being born!’ says Qin Zheng with a trace of cruelty in his eyes.

In a short while, the 2 brothers and the bodyguards behind them have left Mount Donglan and rush for Yan City.

......

Late at night, on Mount Donglan, a small, thin body is sitting on the top of the mountain in cold breezes. A black young eagle is standing quietly on his shoulder. Qin Yu is watching the starry sky in this way, but there is a look in his eyes that is much more mature than that of other children of the same age.

Every day, he either reads books in the study alone or ponders alone. This has given Qin Yu a mind far superior to that of an 8 year old kid.

‘Xiao Hei,’ Qin Yu suddenly utters, but his eyes are still looking up at the starry sky. The black eagle on his shoulder makes some movements, its pitch-black eyes move around a couple of times, but it does not understand what its owner just called it for.

Qin Yu suddenly has a faint smile on his face, a sparkling happy smile: ‘Xiao Hei, do you know? When I was very little, father often stayed with me and cared a lot about me. After those 12 teachers came, he let me follow these teachers to study. Even though I didn’t like those things, I tried hard to force myself to study them so that father would be happy. I learned those characters very fast, and father even called me a prodigy, but after that...’

He pauses for a moment then continues.

‘I remember very clearly, when I was 6, in the secluded courtyard of father’s mansion, those 12 teachers said something like I wasn’t fit to become a ruler. Then Uncle Feng said my dantian was problematic and couldn’t accumulate internal energy, making it impossible for me to pursue martial arts. After that I came to Misty Villa. From then on father no longer paid attention to or cared about me. At that time I didn’t know what a dantian is, and didn’t know what a ruler is. So I even thought that father really let me come here to play. But...’

Qin Yu lowers his head and nips his lips. His eyes look very depressed. ‘In these 2 years, I also asked people like Uncle Wang about the meanings of dantian and ruler. I think I already understand why father no longer paid attention to me.’

Qin Yu pauses again and looks up at the starry sky.

‘I really don’t like those books on scheming and policy making. In fact I forced myself to study them. I really, really want to see father smile and to hear him accept and praise me, but those scheming books, those cruel books... I, I forced myself and suppressed my dislike to read them. I know all about those schemes and stratagems, but I can’t bring myself to execute them! I can’t carry them out. Father, I really can’t!’

Qin Yu cries bitterly in a low voice. His thin and weak body quivers. Xiao Hei, standing on one side of him, moves its eyes around and cleans Qin Yu’s face with its little wings.

Qin Yu leans his head and looks at the young eagle on his shoulder. Then he embraces it tightly to his bosom. The eagle remains silent in Qin Yu’s bosom as if it knows its little master’s mood at the moment. ‘Xiao Hei, I really want to hear father’s praise, want to see his happy smiles, really want to...’ mumbles Qin Yu in an increasingly low voice.

......

At a secret place on the top of the mountain, the 3 experts who secretly protect Qin Yu sigh endlessly.

Suddenly -- a meteor cuts through the starry sky, radiating dazzling rays of light. For a moment in the sky the meteor’s brilliance surpasses that of any star.

‘Meteor!’

Qin Yu’s eyes suddenly shine. He immediately releases Xiao Hei from his bosom, stands up, closes his eyes tightly, puts his hands together before him: ‘I wish father cared about me, just like how he treats big brother and second brother. I’m not afraid that he would spank or chastise me. I only want him not to ignore me.’

Qin Yu slowly opens his eyes and looks at the meteor, which has arrived at the horizon.

‘Father once said a wish made before a meteor would come true. He couldn’t have fooled me. It’ll definitely come true.’ Looking into the starry sky, Qin Yu’s childish face has a resolute expression.

Suddenly, a brilliant idea springs to Qin Yu’s mind.

His eyes brighten. He pats his head: ‘Ah, I was such a fool. Martial and literary arts; martial and literary arts; I can’t do well in literature, but won’t I succeed in martial arts either? Uncle Wang said there are many internal energy techniques in the world. Maybe some of them are suitable for my dantian. Even if none is, who says practicing internal techniques is indispensable in martial arts?’

Qin Yu after all is only an 8 year-old child. Even though his mind has matured a lot thanks to reading many books all by himself, he is still a child. Because Fengyuzi said in the past that one with a dantian problem could not pursue martial arts, a fixed idea was formed in Qin Yu’s mind. Only at this moment does he awaken.

Is it really impossible for one with a strange dantian to pursue martial arts?

‘Well, with resolution, an iron pestle can be ground down to a needle. This principle was said by father. As long as I try hard, I’ll be successful,’ says Qin Yu to himself while nodding repeatedly. His eyes are filled with unparalleled confidence as well as determination.

‘Xiao Hei, let’s go. Let’s return to the villa!’ Qin Yu does just what he says at once. Because he now has a goal, everything becomes different.

The black eagle on Qin Yu’s shoulder also seems to be very happy and repeatedly flaps its wings. As Qin Yu is skipping toward Misty Villa, 3 black silhouettes appear briefly and chase after Qin Yu like 3 wisps of black smoke.

.

End of b1c2

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C3: Midnight Discussion

‘Who is it?’ asks a black-armored soldier at the entrance of Misty Villa in a cold voice. The other black-armored soldier also looks at the silhouette far away. Only after a while can these 2 black-armored soldiers see clearly that the person coming is Third Prince Qin Yu. They cannot help feeling startled, but they still kneel down as usual and say respectfully: ‘Third Prince!’

Because Qin Yu has been running, there are small drops of sweat on his forehead, but his eyes are shining with excitement. His whole face has reddened. He says: ‘You two please stand up,’ and even smiles at the 2 black-armored soldiers. After that he hurriedly skips into Misty Villa.

These 2 soldiers look at Qin Yu’s back with doubtful eyes.

‘When Third Prince went to watch the stars on top of the mountain, he usually waited until after the daybreak of the following day. Why did he return so early this time?’ says the black-armored soldier on the left side doubtfully.

The soldier on the right side also shakes his head in confusion. He obviously does not know the reason.

******

Lian Yan is the person whom Qin Yu calls ‘Grandpa Lian.’ He is an old man in the Qin clan. The current East Vanquishing Prince Qin De was brought up by him, so his voice in the Qin clan is still very influential. 2 years ago, Qin De let him go to Misty Villa to take care of Qin Yu.

Like a gust of wind, Qin Yu rushes right to the outside of Lian Yan’s room. Then he immediately knocks the door powerfully with his little fists.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ...

‘Grandpa Lian, hurry up and open the door. I’m Xiao Yu. I have something to talk to you about. Quickly open the door,’ shouts Qin Yu hurriedly. After a short while, there is lamplight in the room. ‘Xiao Yu, your grandpa fell into sleep just a moment ago, but you already woke him up,’ says a benign voice. Then the door opens.

A kind old man in his sixties wrapped in a coat appears before Qin Yu.

‘Ah, Xiao Yu, what’s the matter? Your head is sweating a lot.’ Lian Yan is startled upon seeing Qin Yu. Qin Yu wants to say something but because was running hard not long ago, he can only gasp for breath. Lian Yan says hastily: ‘Come on, get in the room first and talk later.’ As he is saying, he leads Qin Yu into the room.

The 2 of them sit down at the table in the room.

‘Calm down. There’s no hurry. Let’s talk about it after you have caught your breath,’ says Lian Yan hurriedly as he sees that Qin Yu wants to say something. Qin Yu takes a deep breath then stares at Lian Yan and says very resolutely: ‘Grandpa Lian, I want to practice martial arts.’

‘Practice martial arts?’ Lian Yan is slightly taken aback. After that he asks laughingly: ‘Xiao Yu, why do you want to practice martial arts?’

Qin Yu is slightly jolted. But then he says with happy laughter: ‘There’s no reason. It’s just that every one of those uncles in Misty Villa is so formidable, so I want to be like them too. Grandpa Lian, can I practice martial arts?’

Qin Yu’s desire for his father’s affection is buried at the bottom of his heart. He only thinks that when buried in his heart, it will become a goal for him to unceasingly strive for later.

‘Xiao Yu, do you know what martial arts are?’ asks Lian Yan instead of answering.

Qin Yu shakes his head and says: ‘I only know martial arts practitioners are very formidable. I don’t know much about anything else. There seems to be stuff like internal energy as well.’ As an 8 year old kid, even though Qin Yu has read quite a few books, there are still too many things he does not know about.

‘Then I’ll give you a detailed introduction first,’ says Lian Yan with a smile.

Qin Yu’s eyes immediately brighten. He stares at Lian Yan and starts to focus his attention on listening.

‘First I’ll talk about the experts in the world. They are divided into Houtian experts and Xiantian experts... Standing above Xiantian experts are Shangxian,’ says Lian Yan laughingly, ‘On the Qian Long continent, there are as many Houtian experts as fish in a river. It’s impossible to count them. But as for Xiantian experts, there are no more than 100 of them in the whole Chu kingdom.’

‘100 people?’ says Qin Yu in surprise, ‘Isn’t the population of Chu kingdom 4 billion? How can there be so few Xiantian experts, only one in several tens million?’

Lian Yan sighs and says: ‘To become a Houtian expert, one only needs a suitable practice method. But to become a Xiantian expert, it is extremely difficult. There are 2 requirements that must be met to become a Xiantian expert: First, you must max out your Houtian level. And second, you must have some intuitive enlightenment on the natural way of heaven.’

Qin Yu asks doubtfully without delay: ‘What is this natural way of heaven thing?’

Lian Yan immediately laughs out loud: ‘The natural way of heaven is not an object but rather a kind of conception that you can only grasp on your own and is very hard to explain in words. Some people were at the peak of the Houtian level for 10 years, but because they lacked intuitive enlightenment, they couldn’t finish the last step and therefore couldn’t become Xiantian experts in their lifetimes. But if they had become Xiantian experts, their lifespans would’ve increased to 500 years.’

‘500 years!’ Qin Yu’s jaw drops.

Seeing Qin Yu’s adorable expression, Lian Yan laughs: ‘It’s very hard to become a Xiantian expert. But if you can become one there’ll be a lot of benefits. The Xiantian energy inside a Xiantian expert’s body essentially differs from that of a Houtian expert. They are on 2 wholly different levels.’

......

‘Ah, Grandpa Lian, higher up than Xiantian experts there are Shangxian, aren’t there? How formidable are they?’ asks Qin Yu with glittering eyes.

If Xiantian experts are so good, then how fantastic will Shangxian be?

‘How can it be easy to become Shangxian?’ Lian Yan sighs: ‘Upon seeing them, even emperors have to salute and hail aloud ‘Shangxian’ very respectfully. But these emperors are afraid of being killed by Shangxian as Shangxian can fly to the ninth level of the sky with their flying swords. Basically they aren’t considered mortals!’

‘Fly to the ninth level of the sky?’

A picture spontaneously appears in Qin Yu’s mind in which he stands on a flying sword while flying on the ninth level of the sky. Little Qin Yu’s heart cannot help being bewitched by that sort of pleasure and liberty. Unconsciously, a desire to become a Shangxian has been planted in his mind.

‘The whole Chu kingdom has near 100 Xiantian experts, but... in the last 100 years it hasn’t seen a new Shangxian. Moreover, in the whole Chu kingdom, there are no more than 3 Shangxian. 2 of them became Shangxian more than 300 years ago. In the last 300 years, only your Uncle Feng has been able to become a Shangxian.’

‘Uncle Feng?’ Qin Yu remembers his own Uncle Feng. That white-clad Uncle Feng who often rode a white crane is actually a Shangxian?

Lian Yan continues: ‘However, if you want to become a Shangxian, you’d best go to the Overseas Immortal Islands to learn from a master there. But who else knows the location of the Overseas Immortal Islands, except for each country’s Shangxian? If commoners can see a Shangxian, will they have the qualifications to ask the Shangxian about the location of the Overseas Immortal Islands?’

‘Even if the location is known, the Overseas Immortal Islands are really too far from the Qian Long continent. Every year, over 10,000 people on the Qian Long continent went in search of the Overseas Immortal Islands to learn martial arts. They were all outstanding people, but there are too many hidden dangers in the ocean, so only 1 in 1000 people could reach the Overseas Immortal Islands alive,’ says Lian Yan emotionally.

Qin Yu’s eyes immediately shine. He asks: ‘Grandpa Lian, 10 people reached the Overseas Immortal Islands every year, then why are there so few Shangxian on the Qian Long continent?’

According to Qin Yu’s understanding, each year had 10 Shangxian, then should the Qian Long continent not have too many of them?

But the number of Shangxian on the whole Qian Long continent is too small. In the last several hundred to 1000 years, there have been less than 10 Shangxian altogether.

‘How could you become a Shangxian just by reaching the Overseas Immortal Islands?’ says Lian Yan while shaking his head, ‘Shangxian are so special. How is it possible for everyone to become a Shangxian? Even if the method of practice is made known to everyone, only 1 in 1000 people will have the necessary aptitudes for practicing it.’

‘Ah, doesn’t that mean it took almost 100 years for one of the people who arrived at the Overseas Immortal Islands to become a Shangxian, since there were only 10 of them every year?’ Qin Yu immediately feels how hard it is to become a Shangxian.

Lian Yan suddenly stands up and looks outside the window.

‘Shangxian? It’s such a dazzling name. Countless experts on the whole Qian Long continent went crazy over it. Countless experts all wanted to become Shangxian. To be able to behead a person from thousands of li away as soon as the flying sword is drawn, what kind of magic power is this?’ There is a hint of desire in Lian Yan’s eyes. Then he says emotionally: ‘Even your father has also been in constant need of a Shangxian’s help. If one more Shangxian helps your father, perhaps his goal will possibly be achieved.’

Qin Yu’s heart suddenly beats faster.

‘Father’s goal?’

At the same time, a warm current flows through his whole body. Qin Yu immediately feels that his whole body is full of vigor. ‘If I practice martial arts and become a Shangxian, father will be very happy. When the time comes, I’ll be able to help him as well.’

Thinking of himself becoming a Shangxian, being able to help his father, and being able to gain his praise and respect, Qin Yu’s heart, which is lonesome and longs for father’s love, heats up.

‘Because of father, I’ll definitely become a Shangxian,’ thinks Qin Yu, nipping his lips. His eyes radiate resolution.

.

End of b1c3.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C4: Father and Son

It is already late at night. Cold wind is whistling outside, but in the room Qin Yu is so excited that his whole body feels very hot.

‘Grandpa Lian, please tell me how to practice martial arts. I want to practice. I’ll definitely become a Shangxian. Even if I can’t become a Shangxian, I’ll become a Xiantian expert!’ Qin Yu’s eyes shine with an extreme resolution.

Qin Yu has started to picture future scenarios in his mind. He can even imagine his father looking at him with approving eyes.

What he wants is none other than his father’s love. Father’s commend, father’s smiles, even father’s criticism or punishment can all make Qin Yu feel the existence of his father’s love. He only wants father’s love.

Now he has found the method to get back the father’s love that was lost, that is, to try hard to practice and, like his big brother Qin Feng, to become a powerful valiant martial artist, or even... a mortality-transcending Shangxian.

Qin Yu looks at Lian Yun with expectation.

‘Xiao Yu,’ Lian Yun does not know what to do, but he cannot say nothing so he has no choice but to speak the truth, ‘if you want to become a Xiantian expert, you must practice internal techniques. Internal techniques break through the barrier between the Houtian level and Xiantian level. But your dantian is innately unable to accumulate internal energy, how can you practice internal techniques? And how can you become a Xiantian expert?’

‘My dantian has a problem, but people like Uncle Wang said that there’re a shocking number of internal techniques in the world, maybe I’ll be able to practice one of them. Even if I can’t do internal practice, there’s still external practice, isn’t there? I’ll be able to become a Xiantian expert all the same!’ says Qin Yu promptly.

He absolutely cannot accept that he is unable to become an expert.

Because... in this 8 year old kid’s pure heart, this is the only possible way to recover his father’s love.

‘External practice? It merely uses various methods to train the body nonstop, making it stronger and faster. But this is an unpopular path. To this day, even among the people with great natural strength, even though they trained to make their bodies more formidable, no one has been able to become a Xiantian expert through external practice. A person who only uses external techniques to train his body basically can’t become a Xiantian expert.’ Not wanting to let Qin Yu waste his effort, Lian Yan is frank with him.

‘There’s not been even one? Is there really no hope?’ Qin Yu is startled. He goes pale immediately.

The last hope has disappeared, Qin Yu’s heart freezes.

Seeing Qin Yu’s pale face, Lian Yan feels an ache in his heart: ‘Ah, he’s still a child!’

Lian Yan immediately says: ‘Xiao Yu, in fact, external techniques are very formidable too. External techniques are all about muscle power, which is very durable and unlike internal energy, which is used up so fast. Moreover...’ In order to comfort Qin Yu, Lian Yan continuously thinks of the advantages of external techniques. After hearing Lian Yun’s words, Qin Yu’s eyes slightly flash.

‘Moreover, external techniques are difficult to practice, but the body after all is the basis of a person. In the Fierce Tiger Corps, there’s a man with great natural strength who only does external practice. He can lift an 800-jin stone block with one arm.’

‘800 jin? One arm?’ Hope erupts in Qin Yu’s heart again. He can imagine that if he were to have such great strength, wouldn’t raising a broad ax and chopping at people be as simple as cutting barley?

‘That’s right, 800 jin. With 1 arm he can lift an 800 jin stone block. His weapon is a one-legged copper man. On the battlefield, not even Xiantian level experts were as valiant as he was. Every time he brandished that one-legged copper man, a large batch of enemies was smashed.’ Lian Yan unceasingly talks about the advantages of external techniques.

Finally, he concludes: ‘None of those who practice external techniques has become a Xiantian expert, but if you can reach the peak of the Houtian level and your body is trained to its limit, your power will be very formidable. You won’t be weaker than Xiantian level experts.’

After seeing a better look on Qin Yu’s face, Lian Yan secretly utters a sigh of relief. There is no doubt that he has watched Qin Yu grow because he knows Qin Yu’s character.

‘Can a person who has practiced external techniques to the peak of the Houtian level compete with Xiantian experts?’ asks Qin Yu again.

Lian Yan nods repeatedly. At this moment, how can he dare to deny? If he had shaken his head, Qin Yu would have been even more grieved.

‘Grandpa Lian, you said no one has reached the Xiantian level by practicing external techniques?’ asks Qin Yu. Lian Yan nervously nods, but Qin Yu becomes excited. He waves his fists and says: ‘Good. Since no one has reached the Xiantian level, I definitely will!’

Lian Yan is immediately stunned.

‘That no one has been able to achieve it doesn’t mean it’s unattainable. I believe in myself!’ Qin Yu’s eyes shine brilliantly.

Lian Yan forces a smile.

External techniques?

Practicing them is really incalculably more difficult than practicing internal techniques. External techniques are all about training the body. If a person is to reach the peak potential of his body, he will have to use various training methods, which, undoubtedly, will cause the body to undergo countless transformations. That kind of pain is not something that ordinary people can endure.

How can Lian Yan be willing to let Qin Yu endure that kind of pain?

‘Xiao Yu, practicing external hard techniques is very painful, even more painful than taking 100 lashes a day. You’re East Vanquishing Prince’s son, you’re protected, there’s no need for you to take such a great pain,’ advises Lian Yan. He really does not have the heart to see such a little boy suffer.

Qin Yu slowly shakes his head.

‘No!’ Uttering only one word, he shows no room for discussion.

Lian Yan does not know what to do. He thinks: ‘Why are this Qin clan’s people all like that? No matter the outward appearances, the most basic in their characters is to be endlessly resolute. None of them will turn around once they identify their goal. His father is like that. Now he’s also like that.’

Qin Yu suddenly smiles. He knows his Grandpa Lian cares about him.

‘Don’t worry, Grandpa Lian. Maybe there’re still internal techniques that I can practice. Please find some internal techniques for me to try. Only if I really can’t practice internal techniques, will I practice external techniques.’ Qin Yu walks to Lian Yan’s side, embraces him around his shoulders and says: ‘Don’t worry, Grandpa Lian, the villa has the best doctor, various experts and the fantastic hot spring. Why are you worried?’

Lian Yan strokes Qin Yu’s head. His face has a faint, kind smile.

He certainly knows Qin Yu does not want to worry him.

‘All right, Xiao Yu, you should go to sleep. Just leave this matter to me,’ says Lian Yan.

But Qin Yu suddenly raises his head and says: ‘Grandpa Lian, please find me one more expert who does external practice. It’s better to have an instructor.’

‘Don’t worry. This grandpa knows,’ says Lian Yan laughingly. Qin Yu immediately laughs and gives Lian Yan an affectionate smack on the cheek. Then he skips toward the outside of the door and shouts: ‘Goodnight Grandpa Lian. I’m going to sleep too!’

When his voice stops, he has already gone out of the room.

Lian Yan immediately brings out his brush and paper and writes a letter...

******

Qin De is standing in the study of his mansion in Yan City.

He raises his head and looks outside through the window. It is getting light at the moment.

The black-clad scholar Xu Yuan has come. His hand is holding a letter. He walks to Qin De’s side and says with a smile: ‘Your Highness, this is the letter that Uncle Lian delivered using pigeons. It’s about Xiao Yu. You should take a look at it.’

Qin De receives the letter and reads all of it at once. As he is reading, there is a complicated expression in his eyes. After a long time, he still has not put the letter down.

‘Your Highness...’ Xu Yuan quietly calls him. Qin De sobers at once. A stream of internal energy in the form of a flame issues from his hand, which burns the letter to ashes instantly. After that, still with a grim expression, he says coldly: ‘Xu Yuan, take all the secret books on internal techniques and external techniques in the mansion, make a copy of each of them then send the copies to Misty Villa.’

Xu Yuan is startled. He knows Qin Yu cannot practice internal techniques. He also knows how precious these internal technique secret books are. Even if compared with the secret books in the Imperial Palace of the Chu dynasty, East Vanquishing Prince’s internal technique secret books will still be much more valuable.

Is it not such a waste to give so many secret books to Qin Yu, who is unable to practice internal techniques?

‘Your Highness, you mean all of them? Even including the Ancestral Dragon Art? But Xiao Yu, he can’t practice internal techniques...’ asks Xu Yuan again.

‘Didn’t you hear what I said just now?’ says Qin De coldly. Xu Yuan nods and does not say anymore. He can see that Qin De is having a load on his mind, and can also guess Qin De’s mood at the moment.

‘Also...’ sighs Qin De, ‘Yu’er wants some experts of external techniques, right? Bring all the 3 great external experts in the Fierce Tiger Corps along. In addition, find all the external experts in the 3 Eastern region counties and bring them along as well.’

‘Yes!’ responds Xu Yuan to the order.

Qin De pauses for a while then suddenly says: ‘Xu Yuan, send an order to the Immense Wilderness telling General Zhao Yunxing to go to Misty Villa. If Yu’er chooses him to be his teacher, he will stay at Misty Villa for a year.’

‘General Zhao Yunxing?’ Xu Yuan is shocked.

Qin De nods then walks outwards the study. Xu Yuan suddenly says after him: ‘Your Highness, returning to Yan City this time, why don’t you go to Misty Villa to meet Xiao Yu? The last time you saw him was already more than a year ago. Shouldn’t we squeeze out a day’s worth of time for a trip?’

Qin De is slightly jolted. He says calmly: ‘That’s not necessary.’ After that he immediately walks out of the study. Xu Yuan follows Qin De’s back with his eyes then shakes his head and sighs: ‘Could it be all the Qin clan’s people are like this? Every one of them is so stubborn. Because of the oath at that time, even the love between father and son is ignored?’

Xu Yuan lets out a sigh and also goes out of the study, leaving behind on the floor only the ashes of the burnt letter.

.

End of b1c4.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C5: Secret books on practicing

The sky is clear and the weather is nice. At the hot spring in the west garden of Misty Villa,

‘Ah, it feels really good!’

Qin Yu, dressed in a pair of shorts, is lying in the hot spring. Regardless of winter or summer, one needs not worry about the temperature while in the hot spring. Misty Villa’s hot spring is different from other hot springs because it has fantastic effects. According to a medical expert’s research, this hot spring has quite a few substances which are beneficial to the body.

‘Xiao Hei, come down here!’ Qin Yu suddenly reaches out his hand, grabs Xiao Hei and playfully pulls it into the hot spring.

Xiao Hei immediately flaps its wings hurriedly but when it escapes, its plumage is already drenched, which makes it really look like a soaked chick. With its body dripping water, Xiao Hei looks ‘bitterly’ at Qin Yu, as if it is blaming the little master for teasing it.

Seeing Xiao Hei’s appearance, Qin Yu immediately raises his head and laughs out loud: ‘Ha-ha, Xiao Hei, you’re really adorable, soak in the hot spring with me, will you? It feels very good. You will become a mighty eagle that flies to the 9th level of the sky later. As you can go up to the sky, you must be able to go into the water. Otherwise, you’ll be too useless.’

Qin Yu starts to play with Xiao Hei. But it flaps its wings to remove the water on its body. It even stares at Qin Yu, as if it is very discontented.

‘Xiao Yu.’ Lian Yan, smiling to the point where his eyes narrow, is coming along the corridor of the west garden. He walks around the rockery and appears before Qin Yu. Qin Yu turns to him at once and smiles brilliantly: ‘Grandpa Lian.’

‘I have a piece of good news for you,’ says Lian Yan mysteriously. Qin Yu is immediately presently surprised: ‘Good news? Could it be father has come?’ Despite thinking so, he does not say it, and he looks wishfully at Lian Yan.

Lian Yan says with a smile: ‘The books on practice methods that you want have arrived.’

Qin Yu is a bit disappointed, but when his mood has recovered from that disappointment, he jumps out of the hot spring and quickly gets dressed. His eyes are full of excitement: ‘Grandpa Lian, where are the secret books? Please take me to them quickly.’

Since no one can help him, he must work hard by himself.

‘Follow me.’ Lian Yan laughs as he leads the way. Qin Yu follows Lian Yan with excitement, but he has made a resolution in his heart. In the past, Qin Yu was ignorant so when he had nothing to do, he just read books in the study, watched the stars late at night, soaked in the hot spring or played with Xiao Hei.

But the current Qin Yu has got a goal. His whole body is full of enthusiasm and even his temperament has changed distinctively.

In Misty Villa, there is a secret floor under the north garden.

This underground secret floor consists of 13 secret rooms. Lian Yan leads Qin Yu into one room. In the room, there is a bed, a long table, a chair and other everyday objects. It is obviously very simple.

At present, there is a delicate black case on the table.

‘Xiao Yu, those secret books are in this case,’ says Lian Yan while pointing to the case. As soon as Qin Yu hears that, his eyes shine. He rushes forward, wishing to open this black case. This act however makes Lian Yan jump in fright.

‘Xiao Yu, don’t open it!’ Quick as a flash, Lian Yan’s right hand suddenly moves like an illusion. He grabs Qin Yu in a move, lifts him up then puts him at his back. He says very solemnly: ‘Xiao Yu, this is not an ordinary case. It can’t be opened like that!’

Qin Yu looks doubtfully at Lian Yan.

‘Xiao Yu, you’re too little. You still don’t know how precious these secret books are.’ Lian Yan shakes his head and says laughingly: ‘You should know, in terms of value these secret books even surpass those in the Chu dynasty’s Imperial Palace. Therefore this case’s structure is also very peculiar. Forcing it open or carelessly opening it will destroy all the secret books inside.’

As Lian Yan is saying, he successively stabs the case 12 times with his fingers. His hands look like illusions and every stab hits a different place.

‘Bang!’ With a noise, a keyhole unexpectedly appears on the case.

Qin Yu’s eyes pop out of his head. He can remember very well that just a moment ago the case did not have a keyhole. He even thought that it was what it looked like -- nothing but a normal case with a lid that can be shut. He did not think that its internal structure was so unusual.

‘Even if someone else takes it by force, they won’t find the keyhole and, moreover, they won’t have the key either.’ As he is saying he takes out a golden key and puts it into the keyhole. With a click, the case automatically opens.

Qin Yu immediately sticks out his head to see.

Qin Yu can tell at a glance that the black case has various very thin books inside. Most of those books have about 10-odd pages each. The thinnest has only several pages while the thickest has only over 20 pages. However, even though they are thin, they actually fill the case.

‘The internal technique secret books inside are all first-class. There’re 68 of them. There’re also 28 external technique secret books. Xiao Yu, later on, when you want to read these books, you must go to a secret room and make sure not to bring them outside. Do you understand?’ says Lian Yan to Qin Yu solemnly.

Qin Yu nods affirmatively.

‘All right, you’d known the characters even before you turned 6. In the last 2 years you also read a lot of books. You can read these secret books yourself. Take your time reading them. Grandpa is going first,’ says Lian Yan with a smile then leaves the secret room.

After Lian Yan has left, Qin Yu takes all the secret books out and puts them on the table. There are 96 secret books in total, which cover the whole long table.

Seeing the secret books before him, Qin Yu’s eyes shine like never before.

Ode to the Yellow Crane, 100-Sentence Chapter, Song about the Gold Cauldron, Song about Gold Mining, Comment on the Water Element ...

Any one of these various internal technique secret books can drive martial artists mad. The Qin clan has a long, rich history so even if the secret books of the 3 big dynasties are put together, they still will not be able to compare to the Qin clan’s. Quite a few of these Qin clan’s secret books have not been seen elsewhere for several hundred years.

‘Ancestral Dragon Art, it seems father let me see it when I was little?’ Qin Yu looks at the last secret book. It is the thinnest but at the same time is the most valuable. The Ancestral Dragon Art is written on gold paper. The 3 big characters Ancestral, Dragon and Art even make readers feel as if they are under pressure.

After looking at the 68 first-class internal techniques, Qin Yu turns to the 28 external technique secret books.

Iron Sand Palm, Vigorous Diamond Palm, Dragon’s Talons Hand, Iron Cloth Gown, Diamond Cover, Violent Training of the Thirteen Great Protectors, The Conqueror’s Divine Fist ...

28 kinds of secret external techniques are all placed in front of Qin Yu.

At first Qin Yu randomly picks up a book then starts to read it slowly. In the secret room, he is totally absorbed in the various precious secret practice books, which took the Qin clan no one knows how many generations to collect...

.

End of b1c5.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C6: The only choice

In the secret room, Qin Yu is skimming through the books at will. It takes him only 2 hours to skim through all of the 28 external secret books once.

‘Grandpa Lian was right. Practicing external techniques seems to be very painful.’ The eyebrows on his little face move together tightly.

Having seen the 28 secret books, Qin Yu has some understanding of external practice. Practicing external techniques is to use various methods to strive to make the human body stronger. It means nonstop training, overcoming the maximum fatigue and surpassing the body’s limits unceasingly.

Practicing internal techniques is only to absorb the holy energy of the universe, so during practice there will be no pain, and after practice the practitioner will feel fresh and cool. But practicing external techniques is to discover the body’s limits and to make it go through the hardest training, so it is extremely painful and difficult. This is basically the difference between the 2 ways of practice.

External practice is painful and tiring but the practitioner cannot become a Xiantian expert. Generally, only commoners and poor people, who do not have an advantaged background, will choose to practice external techniques. The real children of powerful families all practice internal techniques, but how about Qin Yu?

He has 68 first-class internal techniques, each of which is extremely outstanding, but can he practice?

‘First I’m going to look at the internal techniques. Even though my dantian is rather weird, maybe I’ll be able to practice some of them.’ Qin Yu decides to try his luck. Filled with hope, he opens a secret book, but he is dumbfounded at the first glance.

Shenting acupoint, Bai Hui acupoint, Fengchi acupoint, Qimen acupoint ... Sanjiao Shou Shaoyang channel, Shou Taiyang channel, Shen Zu Taiyang channel ...

‘This...’ Qin Yu’s eyes pop out.

He has read many books and has also heard of these names, but the thing is ... he knows the Fengchi acupoint, but does not know its position in the human body. Even though those books have illustrations, they are merely graphic outlines with no more than several channels.

Internal techniques cannot be practiced carelessly. If the energy enters a wrong channel, the practitioner will die.

‘Looks like I need to go to the study and read the books on channels at once. At least I must know where the channels and acupoints are,’ says Qin Yu with an unwilling look on his little face. Then he tidies up the books and goes out of the secret room.

6 days later, Qin Yu enters the secret room again.

‘Ha-ha, this time I’m totally confident. I’m going to try all the 68 books out to see if I can practice any of them.’ Qin Yu’s face is full of excitement. After all, he is only an 8 year old boy who often dreams about becoming an expert.

In the 6 days of studying channels and acupoints, in order to fully understand them, Qin Yu also told the servants of Misty Villa to specifically make him a human-sized wooden statue of a man, and also asked old Dr. Weng Xian, a medical expert with relevant professional knowledge at Misty Villa, to draw clearly all the channels and acupoints onto the statue.

Having used a combination of the books, the wooden statue, and often inquiring of old Dr. Weng Xian, Qin Yu finally prepares to start practicing internal techniques with full confidence.

‘What am I going to practice first? So it’s this one, Comment on the Water Element.’ Qin Yu randomly chooses a secret book as he talks to himself. This Comment on the Water Element was very famous several hundred years ago, but now only few people know about this first-class practice technique.

According to the technique, Qin Yu sits down with legs crossed and starts to practice.

The first step of internal practice is to have the energy feel, that is, to be able to feel an extremely small strand of the universe’s holy energy that one absorbs. In fact, any living ordinary person in the world has been absorbing holy energy unconsciously, but because the amount of it is too small, they basically cannot feel it.

Practice, is to absorb consciously as much as possible.

After 2 hours, Qin Yu has lost his composure and cannot persevere with practice.

‘Energy feel, energy feel, Grandpa Lian said talented people can have the energy feel as soon as they practice. I’ve been practicing for 2 hours, why don’t I have any energy feel?’

After exercising for a while, Qin Yu sits quietly practicing the Comment on the Water Element again.

......

2 days later,

After having breakfast, Qin Yu continues to practice. He is very stubborn. He has always been practicing the same Comment on the Water Element again and again. Actually, to have the energy feel, it does not really matter what internal secret book he uses.

Stubborn,

Qin Yu sits down with crossed legs. He starts to picture energy moving in his channels. Afterwards, Qin Yu stops thinking. His mind is a vague blank. He goes on like that...

Suddenly -- Qin Yu feels an extremely faint stream of energy slowly moving in his body. After more than 2 days of perseverance, he finally succeeds at this moment. But, in an instant, there is a surge of excitement in his heart. That tranquility in his heart and that vague blankness in his mind immediately disappear. And at the same time Qin Yu can no longer feel the energy stream.

‘Be cool, be cool,’ talks Qin Yu to himself. Then he uses the method of the Comment on the Water Element trying to re-enter the state that he achieved just now. After a while, Qin Yu can really feel a faint energy stream in his body again.

At this moment, using the method of the Comment on the Water Element, Qin Yu starts to let the energy flow a Small Round in his channels. As it flows, Qin Yu feels this energy stream more and more clearly. After circulating the energy in a Small Round, Qin Yu wants to make this stream of holy energy merge with his dantian.

But ... ‘What is this? My dantian really can’t accumulate internal energy?’ Qin Yu is dumbfounded. He discovers that the holy energy which has just run a Small Round dissipates into the outside world from inside the body. The dantian is empty as before.

‘It looks like Uncle Feng was right. My dantian is different from those of other people. It basically can’t accumulate internal energy. In practicing internal techniques, the internal energy is stored solely in the dantian. Since my dantian can’t store it, what’s the point in keeping practicing?’ At this moment, Qin Yu finally understands.

Even though there are countless different internal energy techniques in the world, they all share one characteristic -- all of the internal energy that is absorbed and transformed is stored at the Qihai acupoint, which also means it is stored in the dantian. If the dantian is unable to accumulate internal energy, then what is the use of practice?

Suddenly, Qin Yu inattentively notices that golden Ancestral Dragon Art book. Among these internal technique books, only this secret book, which is written on gold paper, looks extremely glamorous. Qin Yu reaches out his hand and gets the Ancestral Dragon Art.

The Ancestral Dragon Art is very thin, with only 3 pages. But the writing on the gold paper is in small characters and the 3 gold pages have a lot of contents.

Qin Yu attempts to practice according to the pithy method of the Ancestral Dragon Art. In a short while, he feels an energy stream in his body. This Ancestral Dragon Art is really fantastic -- the amount of holy energy absorbed is much greater than it was just now. Moreover, the circulation speed of the energy is extremely high. But when Qin Yu channels the internal energy he wants to store into the dantian, the same situation arises.

The dantian seems like a funnel -- all of the internal energy poured into it will be gone, and it is unable to store anything.

Qin Yu looks as if he is at his wits’ end.

Afterwards, he laughs and thinks: ‘Well, it looks like I can’t slack off. I even thought that there wouldn’t be pain and wanted to find a way to practice internal techniques. But this dantian is just like a funnel, draining all the internal energy it has. How can I possibly practice internal techniques?’

However, he looks as if he cares nothing at all.

In fact, he has prepared himself for failure earlier. After all, the first person who said he is unable to do internal practice was Fengyuzi, one of the 3 great Shangxian of the Chu kingdom. When such a person makes an assertion, it is very unlikely to be wrong.

‘External techniques, yeah, from now on, I’m going to practice external techniques with all my power.’ His eyes glitter. After reading those 28 external secret books, he laughs: ‘No one on the Qian Long continent has practiced external techniques to the Xiantian level. Let me be the first to reach the Xiantian level through external practice!’

Qin Yu after all is an 8 year old kid. He still has the disposition of a child as before.

Using external techniques to reach the Xiantian level is truly something that has never been done before. How formidable would a Xiantian level external expert really be? This is an enigma.

......

2 days later, in the morning, in Qin Yu’s study,

Qin Yu is holding a book and reading it quietly. On his sides, there are 2 huge bookcases. At first glance, these 2 large bookcases have at least more than 1000 books of various kinds. Xiao Hei is also sitting around in the study so as not to disturb its little master.

‘Third Prince, 8 external experts have arrived. They are led by Lord Vice-Manager of His Highness’s mansion. He said he brought them here for you to choose an external technique master,’ says a servant respectfully after walking to the outside of the study’s door.

Qin Yu’s eyes immediately brighten. He puts the book down at once. His heart has a burst of excitement. At that time he and Lian Yan already talked about this. Lian Yan also sent a letter to inform the people in the mansion. When East Vanquishing Prince Qin De knew about this, he specifically arranged for some great experts in the army and several great external experts of the 3 Eastern region counties to go to the villa together.

‘They’re finally here after 2 days. Kang An, be quick and lead the way!’

‘Yes.’ Kang An immediately leads the way respectfully. Qin Yu goes out of the study and follows him to the west garden.

.

End of b1c6.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C7: Master selection

Not far from the hot spring in the west garden there is a training ground. By this time, quite a few people have gathered on it.

‘Uncle Lian, any of these 8 great external experts this time is tiptop. 4 of them are from the army. The other 4 are extraordinarily formidable external experts of the 3 Eastern region counties. You see, that silver-haired old man is the Eagle Claw King. Furthermore...’ The leader of the group this time, Vice-Manager Li of the Prince’s Mansion, briefs Lian Yan on the experts in a somewhat flattering manner.

Lian Yan inattentively nods and casts a glance at the 8 great external experts. His eyes do not stop on such few people as that so-called Eagle Claw King for so long as a second.

In practicing external techniques, whether it is about the fingers, the claws, the legs, or the feet, whichever part that is trained will be different from that of an ordinary person. For example, the fingers of the people who practice claw techniques are fairly thick, as well as having quite a few corns. These few people do not fit Uncle Lian’s ideas in the least.

‘Oh?’ Uncle Lian’s eyes suddenly brighten and stare at the last of the 8 people -- a black-clad cold man.

This man cannot be considered muscular. His muscles are also not developed so much as those of the other people, his hands have no corns whatsoever, etc. Judging by appearances, he basically does not look like an external expert. But Uncle Lian’s eyes are fixed on this black-clad man for as much as 3 seconds.

That black-clad cold man suddenly turns his head and looks Uncle Lian in the eye. A lightning bolt seems to suddenly issue from his eyes.

‘Zhao Yunxing! So it’s you, General Zhao. Who could’ve thought His Highness would be willing to invite you to come? If Xiao Yu can have you as his master, it won’t be difficult for him to become an expert later,’ says Uncle Lian with a smile. He knows Zhao Yunxing very well.

With the same cold expression, Zhao Yunxing says: ‘His Highness said Third Prince can choose whoever he wants to be his master. This depends on Third Prince’s vision. Senior Lian had better not advise him in secret. Otherwise ... even if he chooses me, I won’t accept him as my disciple.’

‘I know this, of course. Everything will depend on Xiao Yu’s own selection,’ says Lian Yan laughingly while nodding.

These 8 great external experts are all extremely formidable. Anyone who has practiced external techniques to the level of these 8 people can also be considered an external great-master. Whoever Qin Yu chooses, it will be pretty good nonetheless. But Lian Yan secretly has some expectations in his mind. He hopes that Qin Yu will choose Zhao Yunxing because he knows Zhao Yunxing’s capabilities.

In a short time, footsteps can be heard from the outside. Qin Yu, with a hint of excitement on his face, suddenly arrives in a rush. As soon as he sees the 8 great experts before him, his eyes glitter.

‘Xiao Yu, you can choose 1 of these 8 great external experts to be your master,’ says Lian Yan laughingly.

Qin Yu looks carefully at every one of them. Among the 8 great experts, the one who stands out the most is that man who looks like a bear. That large man’s arms are thick enough to be comparable to Qin Yu’s waist. If he throws a punch, Qin Yu has absolutely no doubt about its power.

Immediately, Qin Yu becomes even more excited.

‘Choose just one? Why can’t I choose all 8?’ Qin Yu turns to Lian Yan and asks doubtfully. His little brow wrinkles.

Lian Yan is astounded. The 8 great experts including that cold man Zhao Yunxing also raise their eyebrows. The corners of their mouths cannot help curving upwards into a faint smile.

‘Ahem,’ coughs Lian Yan. After that he says to Qin Yu earnestly: ‘Xiao Yu, practicing is unlike studying. In studying you can have several teachers. But you can’t learn martial arts like that. For example, if you learned several internal techniques at the same time, you’d become demented and lose your rationality.’

‘But aren’t I going to learn external techniques?’ Qin Yu asks in reply.

‘It would be worse with external techniques. External techniques are about training the body, forcing it to break through its limits unceasingly. Every external expert has his own set of methods, which have been put into practice by countless people and therefore can guarantee that you won’t collapse training your body. But ... if you learn from several masters at the same time, those methods will get mixed up. That...’ says Lian Yan with a sigh while shaking his head. It is very obvious what he means.

Moreover, in addition to this reason, there is another reason that is even more important.

‘Among the 8 of us, perhaps no one is willing to share the same disciple with another,’ says a muscular bald man laughingly. The other people also nod with a smile.

These 8 people are all great-master level external experts. Any of them is very aloof and proud. How can they be willing to share one disciple? But even after hearing Qin Yu say that, none of them minds. After all he is still 8 year old.

‘I understand,’ nods Qin Yu repeatedly.

Suddenly, a hint of craftiness flashes in his eyes. Lian Yan’s heart immediately skips a beat. He knows that even though Qin Yu is kind-hearted, he also likes to play pranks. And quite a few of those bodyguards and servants at Misty Villa became the victims of his practical jokes.

‘Uncles, I heard from Grandpa Lian that the 8 of you are external experts and I can choose my master from you. But shouldn’t each of you give me a demonstration right now, so that I’ll make a good choice?’ Qin Yu winks at the 8 great external experts with his big eyes.

Is this not only right? Without seeing their demonstrations, how can he choose?

‘Ha-ha, you’re right. I’ll give a demonstration at once. What should I show you? I, Man Dong, have many special skills.’ That muscular man walks out, who has the largest build among 8 people and looks like a bear. He is holding a one-legged copper man in his hand. Man Dong thinks for a while and laughs: ‘All right, I’ll show you my strength.’

Man Dong puts the one-legged copper man on the ground. In a glance, he takes a fancy to the huge blue rock that is used to decorate the west garden. That blue rock is approximately waist-high and about 1000 jin in weight. Man Dong walks up to it and grabs its 2 sides with his hands.

‘Hum!’

Man Dong utters coldly. Qin Yu can see a visible breath come out of his nose. The muscles on Man Dong’s arms stick out. Various muscle tissues, which look like earthworms, twist together. Those muscles and tissues resemble those of a rock sculpture and contain in them a fantastic, terrifying strength.

‘Up!’

Man Dong shouts loudly. That huge blue rock really flies up in a single throw of his hands.

Qin Yu is stupefied. Lifting a 1000 jin huge rock is already shockingly difficult. But this man named Man Dong threw such a rock up. The strength in his hands is absolutely greater than 1000 jin. The rock flies 2 meters up in the air then falls down heavily.

Man Dong takes a horse stance stably, reaches out his hands and stops the blue rock in a single grab.

Because the blue rock is falling down, the force of impact it has on Man Dong’s hands is greater than its own weight, but he still stops it as firmly as before. This shows clearly how great his strength is.

‘So awesome,’ says Qin Yu with his eyes popping.

Man Dong laughs and says unconcernedly: ‘Each of my hands has 800 jin of strength. With both hands, lifting over 1000 jin is just like child’s play.’ Man Dong was born with great natural strength. He is one of the 3 great external experts of the Fierce Tiger Corps and is nicknamed Macho Bear.

‘Awesome, awesome. Who’s next?’ Qin Yu gets excited at the moment. Having seen such a demonstration, how can he not be excited? As soon as he thinks that he will have such strength later, he becomes even more excited. But Qin Yu does not know that Man Dong is an innately strong man. If Qin Yu wants to reach that level, it will be difficult.

A very thin man with a hooked nose which looks like a hawk’s walks out and says: ‘I practice the Iron Sand Palm.’ Qin Yu takes a look at his palms. They are really different from those of ordinary people -- they are very rough and even have a blue color. As that hook-nosed man is saying, he walks to the side of the blue rock and suddenly throws a palm strike.

The blue rock suddenly shakes once then starts to shatter into pieces with a loud sound. In the end, there are several tens chunks. Such palm force is just extremely astonishing.

Qin Yu’s little jaw drops. He looks at that grim, hook-nosed man in shock. If such palm force hits people’s bodies, who will be able to withstand it?

.

End of b1c7

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C8: Zhao Yunxing

Qin Yu however does not know that any of the 8 people who came this time has reached the great-master level of an external technique school. They are all frighteningly powerful and can win against any other experts who have also reached the peak of the Houtian level. Perhaps only Xiantian experts can restrain them.

By this level of external techniques, the limbs have already become as hard as steel and are even sharper than weapons, so to smash a blue rock is also very ordinary. But to reach this level of external techniques, not only does it take great effort, it also takes talent. After all, there are more than a billion people in the 3 Eastern region counties, but no more than 10-odd people have practiced external techniques to that level.

Qin Yu looks carefully with eyes popping. One after another, the external experts go up to demonstrate their own special skills.

......

Bang!

The silver-haired old man grabs a piece of blue rock which is about the same size as a brick with one hand. He exerts the strength of those 5 fingers and immediately that piece of blue rock is pinched into powder. After that, the silver-haired old man haughtily returns to his original place. He says unenthusiastically: ‘Eagle Claw Art.’

This is the sixth external expert to demonstrate.

The next to walk out is the muscular bald man. His body’s naked top half looks like it is radiating threadlike golden light rays.

‘Iron Leg Art,’ says the bald man with a smile. Then he does a lash of his leg in a relaxed manner.

‘Phew!’ The air is cut through in an instant, creating an urgent shrill whistle. A visible gust of air lashes out in a straight line and hits a stone broken from the blue rock precisely. That blue stone is immediately struck and rolls away a good length.

Merely depending on the terrifying speed of his leg, he created a gust of air that rolled a blue rock fragment far away. If that leg is really used to kick people, what will result from that?

‘Awesome,’ praises Qin Yu secretly. Then he casts his eyes on the last external expert -- that black-clad cold man. Since the beginning, the black-clad cold man has only been standing and watching the other external experts’ demonstrations. His eyes have always been very calm.

‘Why aren’t you demonstrating?’ Qin Yu waits for a while but he still does not see this cold man perform, so he cannot help asking curiously.

Zhao Yunxing shakes his head and says indifferently: ‘My claw technique is inferior to the Eagle Claw King’s, my strength is inferior to Man Dong’s, my leg technique is inferior to this brother’s, so why should I make a monkey of myself?’

Qin Yu is taken aback.

‘But then you should have some special skills, shouldn’t you?’ Qin Yu looks carefully at the black-clad cold man before him. He wants to figure out his special skills by judging from his body. But Qin Yu is defeated. He basically cannot see anything special about this black-clad man.

‘Special skills?’ Zhao Yunxing gives a laugh then looks at Qin Yu seriously. A hint of chilliness flashes in his eyes. He says coldly: ‘My special skills are only carried out when I have to kill someone. But ... even if I become your master, I won’t teach you my fatal special skills.’

Qin Yu nevertheless is not frightened by Zhao Yunxing’s imposing manner. Instead, he asks doubtfully: ‘You won’t teach me your special skills then what will you teach me?’

‘Body training,’ says Zhao Yunxing in a flat voice.

Qin Yu suddenly laughs: ‘All right, I choose you.’

A hint of amazement appears on Zhao Yunxing’s face, which has been grim all along. Even the other 7 external experts all look at Qin Yu in surprise. They cannot understand why Qin Yu did not choose them and chose a man who only teaches ‘Body Training’ instead.

‘All right, Third Prince already made his choice. From now on Zhao Yunxing is Third Prince’s master.’ Vice-Manager Li immediately declares aloud.

The other 7 external masters all walk up to Qin Yu in surprise. That rough large man Man Dong says loudly: ‘Third Prince, why didn’t you choose me? I can definitely teach you to become strong like a bull. If you hold a broad ax, you will kill a bunch in a hack.’

Seeing the 7 curious great external experts before him, Qin Yu says with a smile: ‘He-he, this is a secret.’

At this moment, Zhao Yunxing has also come. As he looks at Qin Yu, a faint smiling expression appears on his face. He also asks: ‘I’m very curious too. Why did you choose me to be your master? Third Prince, can you say your reason?’

Qin Yu slightly raises his head and says proudly: ‘Foolish. Does this even need to be explained? You’re really a bunch of fools.’ As he is saying, he turns around to leave. Lian Yan, who has been standing aside, also walks to him. He goes beside Qin Yu and asks: ‘Xiao Yu, why did you choose Zhao Yunxing?’

Qin Yu immediately whispers mysteriously to Lian Yan: ‘Grandpa Lian, isn’t that obvious? Just take a look at their manner and you will know. Among the 8 people, that Zhao Yunxing stood last but no one dared to approach him. Moreover, Zhao Yunxing looked at the other people’s demonstrations as if he didn’t care at all. This decided the matter, didn’t it? Moreover ... Grandpa Lian, you see, Zhao Yunxing’s eyes are also different from other people’s ~~~ he-he!’

As he is saying, he leaves the west garden. The 8 great external experts all have an astonished look in their eyes. They are experts so their hearing is very good and they all heard what Qin Yu just said.

‘Sure enough, Third Prince has an attentive mind. Perhaps I can still really accept a right disciple. But ... I don’t know how his willpower is.’ There is a hint of amusement in Zhao Yunxing’s eyes.

The other 7 great experts all understand and praise Third Prince’s intelligence.

‘General Zhao, we’re returning to the camp now.’ The 3 great external experts of the Fierce Tiger Corps including Man Dong immediately fold their hands in salute and say. Their expressions are very respectful and sincere. When it comes to this General Zhao, in the eyes of these few experts of the army, even Xiantian experts cannot compare to him.

‘Brother Zhao, congratulations on getting such a good disciple. We also take out leave.’ The Eagle Claw King and the other people also fold their hands and say in a slightly respectful manner.

Internal experts are a circle, and external experts also have a circle of their own. On the whole Qian Long continent, there are so many external experts, but in this circle, Zhao Yunxing is classified as a royal-class figure and is respected by the other external experts. Furthermore, Zhao Yunxing is also very formidable in military arts. The fact that East Vanquishing Prince Qin De is willing to let Zhao Yunxing go to teach Qin Yu for a year originally amazed Xu Yuan for a long time.

......

The second day, on the huge training ground of Misty Villa, Zhao Yunxing, dressed in black training clothes, is standing still aloof.

‘Master!’ Dressed in a training suit, Qin Yu runs up to Zhao Yunxing’s face with excitement and says respectfully.

Zhao Yunxing slightly nods and says: ‘In the future you’ll have to be on the training ground by 6 am. It’s 8 o’clock now already. You’re late by exactly 2 hours. First, as a punishment, I’m going to ask you to run from Misty Villa to the foot of the mountain then run from the mountain’s foot to Misty Villa.’

Qin Yu is slightly startled. He says indignantly at once: ‘Master, this is the first day. You didn’t tell me I have to be here by 6 o’clock before.’

‘As far as my orders are concerned, they are beyond question. The only thing you have to do is ... obey.’ Zhao Yunxing coldly stares at Qin Yu. He has absolutely no intention of compromising. Qin Yu nips his lips and immediately says: ‘Yes, Master!’ After that, he starts to run down.

Misty Villa is located on the side of Mount Donglan. The distance between the villa and the mountain’s foot is about 2000 m. Moreover, returning is much harder than running down the mountain and is not something that an 8 year old kid can endure.

As he sees Qin Yu starting to run, Zhao Yunxing smiles faintly to himself and slightly nods. Then he resumes his cold look. Zhao Yunxing also starts to run after Qin Yu. He runs in a relaxed manner as if he is taking a walk. His whole body is like the wind and each step covers several meters. Zhao Yunxing conveniently runs behind Qin Yu.

Qin Yu’s eyes glitter. He closes his mouth tightly and starts to run.

In the past he often climbed the mountain. Since he came to Misty Villa, he has also often run -- 1000 m every time. This has given Qin Yu a very good endurance. In addition, he has frequently soaked in the hot spring of Misty Villa. As a result, his body is far stronger than those of other children of the same age.

During the 2000 m down the mountain, because it is a downward journey, Qin Yu is not very tired. After finishing 2000 m, he is only short of breath. Then he runs upwards.

It is easy to descent from the mountain, but to ascend it is hard.

After running only several hundred meters, Qin Yu finds it extremely painful to breathe. In order to take a step he has to strain every nerve. But Qin Yu can feel that Zhao Yunxing is running beside him.

Qin Yu’s essential characteristics are persistence and pride. Therefore he immediately clenches his teeth and perseveres.

He has reached his limits ... Breathing has become arduous. His whole chest is taking in fresh air very quickly like a pair of bellows.

‘I’m already finished?’

Having reached his physical limits, Qin Yu is in extreme pain: ‘Father.’ As soon as he thinks of his father, Qin Yu clenches his teeth and persists. The pain becomes greater and greater. Qin Yu even feels as if he is dying. But suddenly ... as if he has passed the top of a mountain, his breathing becomes a bit easier.

After getting through his physical limits this time, Qin Yu keeps running in a state that is close to his new limits.

When he has been running over 1000 meters and can see the main entrance of Misty Villa, Qin Yu has reached his physical limits the second time.

‘I’ve arrived at Misty Villa.’ Qin Yu relaxes his concentration and wants to stop to have a rest. But --

‘Run to the training ground.’ Zhao Yunxing says behind him in an ice-cold voice. Zhao Yunxing is breathing comfortably. Even his voice has not changed a bit. Every ordinary person will be short of breath after walking up a mountain. But Zhao Yunxing’s breath is absolutely still the same.

‘Phew phew ~~~’ Qin Yu does not say anything. He is gasping for breath. He clenches his teeth and finally reaches the training ground. As soon as he gets to the training ground, he feels his legs become weak. He is so tired that he wants to sit down.

‘Keep standing. You’re not allowed to sit down.’ Zhao Yunxing arrives at Qin Yu’s face like a flash. He looks at Qin Yu indifferently. His expression is still the same as it was before he went down the mountain.

Relying on his distinctive pride, Qin Yu keeps himself standing then looks at Zhao Yunxing.

Zhao Yunxing nods and says: ‘As you was able to run till the end, you must’ve felt your physical limits. Very well, having finished the run on your first try, you are my disciple from today onwards.’ Zhao Yunxing’s meaning is very clear -- if Qin Yu had not finished the run, perhaps he would have left right away and would have taught Qin Yu no more.

Qin Yu only looks at Zhao Yunxing. It is not that he does not want to say anything, but at this moment he is simply speechless. Who could have thought that the first run would be so severe?

‘Every external technique, whether the Iron Sand Palm, the Iron Leg Art, or something else, is about training a single part of the human body, making it as hard as steel and giving it terrifying offensive force. They are nothing but attacking methods. It doesn’t matter what external technique it is, the body is the basis; the body is the cornerstone. If a person who is quick like lightning and can lift 1000 jin practices any external techniques, whether the Conqueror’s Divine Fist or the Iron Leg Art, he will definitely be much more formidable than a tubercular patient will,’ says Zhao Yunxing boldly.

At this moment, Qin Yu’s breathing has slowed down. Hearing Zhao Yunxing’s words, he immediately says: ‘Master, I understand that the body is the basis. A good body is like uncut jade, it can be cut into many good things. And a weak body is like impure jade, even with excellent craftsmanship, nothing good can come from it.’

A faint, rare smile appears on Zhao Yunxing’s face. He says: ‘Very well. You understand very well. I can only teach you for a year. In this year, I’m going to train you in every aspect of the body, strength, agility, explosiveness, defensive ability, and so on. I’m going to make your body undergo transformations nonstop. As for attacking methods, I’m not going to teach you. I can only teach you the method to train your body to perfection. As for how to attack or kill with this body, you’ll have to figure it out yourself.’

‘My training method is ... the Limit Training Art. While you were running just now, you must’ve felt the existence of the physical limits. But compared to my training, it was just child’s play. Of course, you can choose to give up. I won’t mind that. Those soldiers of mine should be much more strong-willed than the little kid that you are.’ Zhao Yunxing looks at Qin Yu and says coldly.

There is determination in Qin Yu’s eyes.

Limits?

Qin Yu finds he himself likes that kind of feeling when he transcended his limits. He really likes it.

‘Master, let’s get started.’ Qin Yu looks squarely at Zhao Yunxing. Zhao Yunxing raises his eyebrows. He is amazed that this boy is so strong-minded. There is a faint pleased, smiling expression on his face.

But Qin Yu suddenly puts on a painful face and looks at Zhao Yunxing while blinking. He says pitifully: ‘Master, can you let me rest for a while? After all that running I’m really very tired. First I’ll have a drink of water, then soak in the hot spring, then let Grandpa Weng give me a short massage. My muscles are very tired.’

Zhao Yunxing is startled. His face stiffens. At this moment the expression on his face is very splendid. It can be said that he finds Qin Yu’s request ... both funny and annoying.

.

End of b1c8

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C9: The essentials

‘Before training, I have to tell you what the essentials of my training method are. A year later, when I return to the army, you’ll have to continue to train according to them.’ Zhao Yunxing stares at Qin Yu with an ice-cold face and says.

Hearing the words ‘essentials,’ Qin Yu’s eyes shine immediately. He concentrates his mind on listening.

‘There are countless external techniques in the world. However, most of their training methods went away from the correct path,’ says Zhao Yunxing indifferently. At this moment, he looks as if he is an emperor giving directions on national matters and criticizes the other external technique training methods for being worthless.

‘Qin Yu, bear in mind that in practicing external techniques, you must study the art of medicine thoroughly!’ Zhao Yunxing stares at Qin Yu and says solemnly.

‘The art of medicine?’ Even though Qin Yu is very curious, he still memorizes it.

Zhao Yunxing continues: ‘Why practice? First, it is to live long healthily. Second, it is to enhance the offensive force. If people who practice external techniques want to make their own fists and feet become hard like diamond, they accomplished that indeed. But... even though their fists are hard, can that hardness really compare with that of a battle knife that is made of black iron?’

Qin Yu listens with so much attention that he frowns deeply.

Black iron is relatively valuable. Weapons made of it are also much harder and sharper than weapons made of normal iron. The hardness of a black iron battle knife is definitely superior to that of external experts’ fists and feet.

‘For example, that Man Dong has reached the peak of strength training. His strength is great and his muscles are strong. But ... his movements are too slow for an external expert. With only a dagger, I can slit his throat in an instant!’ says Zhao Yunxing coldly. His body automatically gives off a murderous air.

At this moment Qin Yu basically does not doubt Zhao Yunxing’s words. Instead, his eyes brighten and glare at Zhao Yunxing and he listens to every sentence.

‘Studying the art of medicine can help you understand over 100 muscles in the human body and their respective functions. If you only train a part, this will bring about bad consequences. You may have great strength while your agility is low; or you may have strong hands and feet while your body is not agile; or you may be nimble, but the toughness of your body is inadequate...’ says Zhao Yunxing boldly.

At this moment, Qin Yu fully understands what Zhao Yunxing means. He immediately says with excitement: ‘Master, I already understand. It’s vital to train all the muscles, isn’t it?’

‘No.’ Zhao Yunxing shakes his head and says: ‘Even if you want to train all muscles, do you know how to do that?’

Qin Yu is astounded.

There are so many muscles in the whole body. To train every single one of them is not something that can be done by only practicing. It will require the research of no one knows how many human generations to be accomplished.

‘Moreover, even if you knew that method, it’d still be impractical. Hardness and softness must be used in combination. It is also like that in the path of external techniques. You can’t train only one part but at the same time you can’t gobble up everything. If you train everything, in the end you will accomplish nothing due to the inadequate allocations of your energy.’ Zhao Yunxing shakes his head and says.

Qin Yu is puzzled.

Training only one part is not right. Training every single part is not right either. Then how to train?

‘In a perfect body, strength, flexibility, toughness, explosiveness and agility must all be at a high level; reactions must be quick and resistance to attacks must be strong.’ Zhao Yunxing talks about so many requirements in succession. For a moment Qin Yu is dumbfounded. With so many requirements, how should he train?

Seeing Qin Yu’s stunned expression, Zhao Yunxing gives a rare laugh and says: ‘Don’t worry. I have my own method for you to train.’

Qin Yu suddenly remembers that Eagle Claw King and that Iron Leg expert. Since that claw could easily pinch a blue stone into pieces, how terrifying must the strength of the fingers be? But why does Zhao Yunxing still says that he will not train any particular parts of the body?

‘Why shouldn’t I train my hands and feet like that Eagle Claw King, Master?’ asks Qin Yu in reply.

Hearing Qin Yu’s question, Zhao Yunxing is very happy instead. He says: ‘Qin Yu, what you asked is justifiable. If you want to practice such techniques as the Eagle Claw Art and the Iron Sand Palm, you will have to train the strength of the fingers. And besides, you will even have to smear your hands with medicinal wine regularly to let them absorb the wine’s medicines. In addition, you will have to train nonstop to make your hands hard like steel.’

Qin Yu nods as he is listening.

He has read the practice methods of those external techniques. It is true that the practitioner has to train his strength nonstop; at the same time, he has to apply medicinal wine to make his hands become extremely hard, and so on.

‘Those who practice in this way simply are ... idiots!’ Zhao Yunxing suddenly scolds. He disdains this training method very much.

‘Master, the Eagle Claw Art is very formidable. Why are they idiots?’ Even though Qin Yu is more mature than other children of the same age, he is still only a kid. He saw the capabilities of the Eagle Claw Art and the Iron Sand Palm so he cannot understand Zhao Yunxing’s meaning.

Zhao Yunxing says proudly: ‘Eagle Claw Art? Iron Sand Palm? They applied those medicinal wines that are even toxic to harden their skin completely in the end. Their hands can’t even feel pain now. They are simply nothing but a pair of gloves. Qin Yu, look at this.’

Zhao Yunxing extends his right hand. His hand is smooth and even feels... soft.

A white light flashes. A near transparent pair of gloves appears on Zhao Yunxing’s hands. He says indifferently: ‘Gloves made from heavenly silk. Even though they are considered fairly rare, they are also classified as worldly objects -- on the same level as black iron. You only need to spend a lot of money to get them.’

Qin Yu was born into a Prince’s mansion so he naturally knows.

There are many goods. The relatively mundane ones among them such as steel are seen very often. Even though such things as heavenly silk and black iron are rare, they are not considered treasures either.

Treasures ... are generally obtained from the Immense Wilderness.

For example, there are some extremely formidable magical beasts in the Immense Wilderness which are more fearsome than Xiantian experts, and even than Shangxian. Only those beasts’ skins, claws, horns, etc. are first-class treasures.

‘Although heavenly silk’s toughness is average, it is still tougher than the hands of the people like the Eagle Claw King.’ Zhao Yunxing gets a chunk of blue rock. He exerts the strength in his right hand and the chunk is easily crushed into powder. He crushes it even more thoroughly than the Eagle Claw King did.

Zhao Yunxing looks at Qin Yu and says: ‘Qin Yu, my fingers are stronger than the Eagle Claw King’s. You must train the strength of your fingers. But you mustn’t let your skin become hard. Do you understand what I mean?’

Qin Yu nods. But he asks doubtfully in reply: ‘Master, you mean I must protect my hands well and prevent them from becoming similar to the hands of the people who practice the Iron Sand Palm, the Eagle Claw Art and the likes? But ... what’s the point of this? Moreover, how about the body? Could it be I’ll have to wear armor to fight the enemy?’

Zhao Yunxing’s eyes glitter. He nods in approval. Having a bright disciple makes teaching much easier as he can understand many things when a hint is dropped.

‘Protecting the hands well and keeping them from hardening completely are for the sake of offence. The hands can hold knives and swords. Using various kinds of weapons helps protect the hands well. Keeping the sense of touch of the hands in a perfect state is what an expert must do. Many experts even soak their hands in milk every day,’ responds Zhao Yunxing.

Qin Yu suddenly sees the truth.

In offence, it is important to use weapons. Knives, swords and the likes are all used with the hands. A hand with the sense of touch kept to perfection naturally handles a knife or a sword much more accurately than a hand which has hardened so much that it has lost the senses of touch and pain.

It takes perhaps only a moment to kill a person and therefore no carelessness is allowed.

‘As for the legs, their explosiveness and agility must be high, and they must be sensitive. It doesn’t matter whether you’re fighting an expert or in the middle of a large enemy army, if your legs are extremely agile and terrifyingly sensitive, you won’t get a scratch even when surrounded by an army,’ says Zhao Yunxing.

The legs determine a person’s body-maneuvering skill therefore their agility, explosiveness and sensitivity are important.

At this moment, Qin Yu is even more excited. He seems to see himself flashing around like an illusion in the middle of a large army, killing as fast as a wave of the hand, while the enemies cannot touch him. To have such a body-maneuvering skill and such agility, the legs are of unparalleled importance.

‘The hands must be agile. They are inferior to the legs in strength but you can hold weapons and attack at will with them. The legs have much more muscle strength than the hands and arms so their offensive force is extremely strong. Moreover, they determine your body-maneuvering skill and movements. These body parts are crucial. But the torso is the core subject...’

In the first day of training, Zhao Yunxing teaches Qin Yu the essentials of his own training method.

Qin Yu listens to him carefully and learns every sentence he says by heart...

.

End of b1c9.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C10: Limit training (1)

After discussing for nearly 2 hours, Qin Yu has fully understood the principles of his master’s training method. At the same time, he admires him even more. He can totally judge that, if he practices according to Zhao Yunxing’s method, he will definitely have a perfect body.

Strength, agility, sensitivity, flexibility, toughness and so on will work together perfectly.

If a craftsman is to do a good job, he shall need good tools.

Qin Yu is going to train until he has a perfect body then he is going to practice offensive skills, fatal skills and the likes. Having good steel, why worry that a good knife cannot be made of it?

Afterwards, the training begins...

......

On Mount Donglan, there is a beautiful round lake 100 m from Misty Villa. Zhao Yunxing is standing at the side of the lake. There is a mechanical pendulum clock beside him. This pendulum clock was made by a great mechanics expert. Because the making of the clock is loaded down with trivial matters, only noble families can afford it.

The pendulum clock is a 24 hour one. There are 60 minutes in an hour.

‘Quick, swim faster!’ Zhao Yunxing coldly says.

A silhouette is swimming nonstop in the round lake. It is Qin Yu. According to Zhao Yunxing, even though swimming is common, it is an extraordinarily good method for training the body’s coordination, flexibility and toughness. Therefore Qin Yu was ordered to swim nonstop in the lake.

‘I so wish to stop.’ Qin Yu clenches his teeth and continues to throw his arms forward. His legs also flap against the water in coordination. He has been swimming 10 round trips. A round trip in this lake is about 200 m in length. 10 round trips amount to 2000 m.

In the past Qin Yu often soaked in the hot spring in the west garden. The middle of the hot spring is also very deep and Qin Yu often swam in it. His swimming technique is very good but this is nonstop swimming. Moreover, he has to finish within a predetermined limit of time. To Qin Yu, this is really painful.

His arms and legs are aching. His head is pounding.

‘Father!’ As soon as he thinks about his father’s smile, Qin Yu clenches his teeth and persists. Even though he has reached his limits, he still does not give up.

‘Hurry up. A bit faster,’ urges Zhao Yunxing coldly in an unsentimental manner.

There is a hint of firmness in Qin Yu’s eyes. He stares rigidly ahead. Hearing Zhao Yunxing’s voice, Qin Yu constantly asks himself in his mind to speed up. Right at this moment, his pounding headache suddenly eases a bit, and his arms and legs seem to have strength again.

Qin Yu feels clearly that a stream of power suddenly comes into being in his body. He does not know where this stream of power comes from but it is generated automatically. Qin Yu’s eyes have a hint of excitement.

He has overcome his limits.

He enjoys this kind of feeling. Every time he transcended his physical limits, a stream of strength was generated again from the deepest part of his already exhausted body. He even felt his body’s transformations. That was due to the potential stored up in the deepest part of his body.

‘All right, you’re 3 minutes late.’ Zhao Yunxing looks at the pendulum clock and says indifferently.

Qin Yu comes ashore with a lot of difficulty. At this moment he can no longer move. His arms, in particular, are basically unable to move. His legs are aching severely. In this state, Qin Yu gasps for breath, trying his best to take in fresh air and to make himself recover a bit faster.

‘You’re 3 minutes late. As a punishment, now you’re going to run to the west garden from here then squat down deeply empty-handed 100 times on the training ground of the garden.’ Zhao Yunxing immediately dictates.

‘Run to the west garden from here? But ...’ Qin Yu is breathless and speechless. He looks at Zhao Yunxing in disbelief. At this moment his legs basically cannot run. But Zhao Yunxing just really told him to run and then do 100 deep squats.

‘You have something to say?’ asks Zhao Yunxing flatly in reply.

‘Yes, I have. Surpassing the body’s limits can train the body. But if surpassing them too much, my body will collapse. I feel that I already surpassed my limits. At the moment I can’t continue training anymore. Master, when I was swimming just now, I experienced those limits 2 times in a row. I don’t feel I can go through the limits once more.’ Qin Yu looks straight at Zhao Yunxing and says directly.

Zhao Yunxing says indifferently: ‘I’m the master. My orders must be obeyed. If you think that my training has any problems and don’t like to train, I can leave immediately. I don’t care about lazy disciples like you.’

Qin Yu’s expression slightly changes.

Then he casts a look at Zhao Yunxing. He takes a deep breath and tries hard to urge his legs into running. When he takes the first step, his legs swell up and ache terribly. But after running for a while, the legs get stronger and stronger instead.

‘Oh, what is this?’ Qin Yu is astonished.

At his back, Zhao Yunxing smiles faintly: ‘This brat. How can’t I determine your true limits? When you were swimming, you used your arms much more than your legs. The muscles of the legs are basically more developed than those of the arms. Since your arms could persist, your legs can at least undergo another round of training.’

As soon as he remember that Qin Yu just criticized his method, Zhao Yunxing is even more amused.

‘This brat,’ he laughs, shakes his head and keeps following Qin Yu.

......

In the evening, in the hot spring of the west garden,

After going through a day of limit training, Qin Yu is lying in the hot spring. He feels that his muscles are aching and tingling. He can even feel that the muscles are slowly transforming. There is an expression of enjoyment on his face. Very emotionally, he spreads his arms and yells: ‘Ah, my goodness, this is real enjoyment, ah!’

Xiao Hei also flaps its wings nonstop on the side as if it is very excited.

Zhao Yunxing comes with a cold face, stands on the side of the hot spring and says: ‘This Misty Villa’s hot spring is very effective in healing. It is very good for your body. Also, after soaking for 6 hours, you’re going to see Old Dr. Weng and apply some medicinal wine. If you can absorb a little of the wine’s medicines, it will do your body good.’

‘Yes, I know...’ At this moment Qin Yu is very happy. He waves his hands at will as he is saying.

Zhao Yunxing does not mind that. He turns around and leaves.

......

On the training ground, Zhao Yunxing is standing upright. Qin Yu also came some time ago. This time he was not late. Strangely enough, even though he reached his limits in training yesterday, thanks to the curative effects of the hot spring, and add to that the effects of the medicinal wine, he is actually full of vim and vigor today.

‘No wonder most of the people who could reach the peak of external techniques were children of rich or powerful families.’ Zhao Yunxing sighs with emotion and thinks.

In practicing external techniques, the practitioner surpasses his limits unceasingly, but his body simply does not only generate strength, it also needs to absorb energy. Children of rich families can eat very nutritious foods and special medicinal meals, combined with precious medicinal wines. Moreover, they can ask medical experts to rid their bodies of fatigue through massage.

Having such conditions makes practicing external techniques automatically different than usual.

‘Now, we’re going to carry out strength training. Grasp that iron stick and do 100 deep squats first.’ Zhao Yunxing points to an iron stick at will. That stick cannot be considered very thick. It perhaps weighs about 10 jin. It is, of course, light to adults, but to 8 year old Qin Yu it is a different world.

‘Hum!’

Qin Yu exerts the strength of his arms and lifts the iron stick to his chest in a breath. He even says laughingly: ‘Master, it’s very light.’

‘Finish 100 squats before saying so,’ says Zhao Yunxing coldly.

Qin Yu immediately starts to squat down deeply. At first he finds it very easy. Is it not just squat down and stand up repeatedly? But after doing 30 squats, he feels his legs start to ache. After 10 more squats, his feet get cramp.

Doing 100 squats?

Qin Yu is already feeling unwell at the time of the fortieth.

‘Phew!’ He takes a deep breath and stops for a short time. When the muscles of his feet have recovered, he continues to squat down. But it gets more and more painful to do so. Qin Yu’s eyes glitter. He continuously clenches his teeth and perseveres.

After going on to the seventieth squat without a break, he even feels that his legs can no longer stand up.

‘Hah!’

Suddenly, he utters a low shout and exerts the strength of his back. And unexpectedly, he manages to stand up. Qin Yu’s eyes are blazing with rays of light -- rays of excitement.

‘Hah!’

With another shout, Qin Yu stands up again.

Every time that he shouts is every time that he strives to squeeze out a bit of strength hidden deeply in his legs. His legs gradually heat up. One after another, streams of strength emerge from the depths of his muscles. What is happening is almost a miracle. When Qin Yu utters his last shout, he unexpectedly has finished the hundredth squat!

Even though his legs are shaky as if he can fall down anytime, his eyes are blazing with excitement and madness.

Zhao Yunxing secretly nods from one side.

‘Now it’s time for finger strength training.’ Zhao Yunxing’s expression is as cold as ever. He basically does not allow Qin Yu any time to rest and immediately gives the order. In fact, Zhao Yunxing created a good training plan for Qin Yu. At this moment, his legs feel the most tired but his hands have not reached their limits, therefore Zhao Yunxing goes on with the finger strength training.

‘How can I train the finger strength, Master?’ Even though Qin Yu has almost no strength left in his legs, he asks Zhao Yunxing laughingly as usual.

Qin Yu increasingly loves that exquisite feeling when he transcended his limits. The instant that he transcended his limits, he felt a passion of life. Yes, it was a passion. A blaze of this passion was that madness he showed at his limits. That kind of feeling was very exquisite.

.

End of b1c10.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1, 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C11: Limit training (2)

‘The best way to train finger strength is to practice the One Finger Meditation while doing a handstand. But your finger strength is still too weak at the moment, so you’re going to train according to the method of the Iron Sand Palm first. These are heavenly silk gloves. You’re going to wear them. When training the finger strength you must not injure the muscles and skin of your hands.’ Zhao Yunxing already prepared a pair of heavenly silk gloves for Qin Yu.

Qin Yu happily receives the heavenly silk gloves and puts them on at once.

‘This is white sand taken from a beach. You have to shovel your hands into it by force. Don’t stop. Only stop when I say that you can.’ Zhao Yunxing points to the sand in an iron cauldron not far on his side and says.

‘Yes, Master!’

Qin Yu takes this training session to be a game instead. But his legs are really aching badly. Only by enduring the pain and clenching his teeth, does he arrive at the side of the iron cauldron. Qin Yu, wearing heavenly silk gloves, shoves his hands downward nonstop. Every time he shoves, he tries hard to reach the bottom.

‘Ah!’

Qin Yu cannot help letting out a groan. His fingers are protected by the heavenly silk gloves, but the gloves only prevent the sand from touching his finger, therefore when a hand is shoveled into the sand, the force of the impact affects the hand full on.

As he is shoveling very fast like that, the forces caused by the white sand hurt Qin Yu’s fingers more and more badly. He cannot help reducing the depth of his shoves. In the beginning he shoved his hands to the bottom of the cauldron but now he withdraws them when they are halfway to the bottom. This makes the training much easier for him.

‘Shove to the bottom. Don’t slack off.’

Zhao Yunxing says coldly.

Qin Yu is startled but he has no choice but to clench his teeth and persevere.

Even though Qin Yu loves that feeling when he transcended his limits, the nerves of the fingertips are linked with his heart. The continual pains in his fingers make him suffer greatly. After all, he is only an 8 year old kid. Moreover, he is East Vanquishing Prince’s third son, who has an exalted, wealthy status and has never experienced that kind of pain before.

‘Pu!’

Suddenly the hands are shoved down to the bottom. The acute pain causes tears to come out of Qin Yu’s eyes uncontrollably.

Zhao Yunxing is coldly watching. He sees the 8 year old kid before him keep shoveling his hands into the sand nonstop with staring tearful eyes, but he seems to have no compassion and still urges incessantly...

Qin Yu can shed tears, but he has to keep shoveling.

......

Having been training every day for a half year, add to that his increasingly redoubled appetite, Qin Yu’s body is now much stronger than in the past.

At the lower end of a waterfall on Mount Donglan,

‘Hah!’

With a flying kick, Zhao Yunxing unexpectedly deposits several huge rocks below the water. At this moment, an area on which a man can stand formed by those several rocks has appeared under the waterfall. Because the waterfall comes down from high above, when it hits the rocks on the surface, countless white sprays are scattered around.

‘Your legs must be steady as a mountain and move like lightning. This is not a large waterfall. Having been doing deep squats for so long, your legs should have enough strength for you to take a horse stance under the waterfall.’ Zhao Yunxing points to a blue rock and says: ‘Stand on it. You must stand firmly.’

‘This is not a large waterfall?’ Qin Yu looks at the waterfall that dives down from very high above. With huge momentum, the water smashes the rocks, making rumblings that dash to the sky. If this waterfall is not considered large, then which waterfall is?

Having been doing deep squats for a half year, Qin Yu’s leg muscles are so much stronger than they were in the past.

‘Yes!’ Qin Yu immediately and slowly stands on the edge of the blue rocks. Because the water comes downward, the pressure on the edge of the rocks is not large. Qin Yu takes a horse stance on the edge of the rocks and he can withstand the pressure fairly easily.

‘Stand in the center,’ says Zhao Yunxing coldly.

Qin Yu has no choice but to slowly move his legs and go towards the center of the rocks. The nearer it is to the center, the greater the water’s momentum. Qin Yu feels that his body is already swaying but he must reach the center.

‘No good!’

Qin Yu feels himself shaking. His feet can no longer hold him up. In an instant, he is thrown into the lake.

‘Continue!’ says Zhao Yunxing indifferently.

......

In the evening, Qin Yu is lying in the hot spring. He narrows his eyes leisurely. Every day, the time when he is in the hot spring is when he enjoys himself the most. He did not have this kind of feeling in the past. But now, he trains to his limits every day, so when he enters the hot spring again with his body aching and tingling all over, he feels very comfortable.

Xiao Hei has grown a bit in the last half year. But some golden feathers suddenly appeared on the top of its head. The other parts of its body are still covered in black feathers. Xiao Hei grows much more slowly than ordinary eagles. At this moment, it is rocking carelessly beside the hot spring.

Qin Yu has fallen into sleep. He is sleeping in the hot spring.

Every day, he trains during the daytime then soaks in the hot spring for 6 hours in the evening. He specially set a deck chair in the hot spring so that he can sleep while soaking in it. After midnight, he has medical expert Weng Xian massage him and apply medicinal wine for him. Then Qin Yu can read books.

It can be said that he does not waste a single minute.

2 silhouettes suddenly appear beside the hot spring. They are none other than Lian Yan and Zhao Yunxing. The 2 of them are watching Qin Yu, who is sleeping like a log.

‘Xiao Yu isn’t even 9 yet. He’s still a kid.’ Seeing the glistening saliva coming out of Qin Yu’s mouth and his still childish little face, Lian Yan feels very sorry for him. Having raised Qin Yu since he was very little, Lian Yan totally considers him to be his own grandson.

Zhao Yunxing gives a faint, rare smile, looks at Qin Yu and says with a nod: ‘Xiao Yu is an exceptionally resolute kid. The training I’ve given him definitely pushed him to his true limits. When he surpassed a limit, his body would be near the point of breaking down. I couldn’t have thought he would be able to persist... At that time, when His Highness let me train the army, I carried out limit training in a 100,000 strong army. But only 1000 of them could persist for a year and fully reached the peak of a regular soldier.’

When Zhao Yunxing was in charge of training the army at that time, most of the soldiers were ordinary soldiers. Unlike Qin Yu, they also were not able to eat precious medicinal meals, soak in a hot spring to relieve fatigue, and have a professional medical expert massage them, etc.

But ... those soldiers were all adults whereas Qin Yu is only a kid. That such a kid has been able to persist makes Zhao Yunxing feel both amazed and satisfied.

Seeing how Qin Yu looks in his sleep, Lian Yan and Zhao Yunxing leave with a smile, leaving behind only a sleeping Qin Yu, who totally does not know that he just had visitors. He slightly opens his little mouth and gives a happy, sweet smile. From a corner of his mouth, that thread of saliva glistens.

Perhaps ... in his dream, he is meeting his father.

Father, 2 years has flown by, but he has not visited Qin Yu once.

......

Running while carrying heavy objects, squatting while carrying heavy objects, keeping a horse stance under the waterfall, continuously performing explosive movements while being hindered, practicing unarmed fighting techniques in water, exercising while carrying heavy objects all day long, training the flexibility and toughness, training the finger strength, training the reactions and sensitivity, training the agility...

Those are the various training techniques that Zhao Yunxing uses according to a certain rule to train Qin Yu extensively. Under the tutelage of Zhao Yunxing, Qin Yu continuously transcends his physical limits. His body’s capabilities also improve at a very fast speed.

One year later,

9 year old Qin Yu is bare-chested and wearing pants. His whole body is not bulging with muscles but it is almost perfectly streamlined and he looks like a hunting leopard.

‘Xiao Yu, you’re very strong-willed. In limit training, everything else is unimportant. The most important thing is to be strong-willed.’ Zhao Yunxing looks at Qin Yu and gives him a smile that has never been seen: ‘It’s time your master returned to the army. Remember, the limits, challenge the limits, and surpass the limits. As long as you try hard nonstop, you’ll eventually be successful.’

Qin Yu looks at the master before him. During the last year, Qin Yu even felt very angry that his master was too merciless -- every training session was every time Qin Yu shed tears nonstop. But today, when he sees the delighted smile on his master’s face, he suddenly understands everything.

‘Master, I definitely won’t disappoint you.’ Qin Yu looks at Zhao Yunxing and says resolutely.

Zhao Yunxing smiles at him and nods. Then he suddenly turns around and leaves in strides, immediately going out of Misty Villa. Following a roar of a Fierce Tiger, Qin Yu’s eyes slightly redden. He knows, from today onwards ... he is going to train all by himself.

.

End of b1c11.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1, 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C12: Aurora (1)

The Immense Wilderness is covered with high mountain ranges and thick, vast forests. Many magical beasts are hiding deep in it. The wilderness has a large area, which basically no one can measure. The 3 Eastern region counties declared to the outside that they have a 600,000 strong army in total whose 400,000 are stationed on the border with the wilderness.

The other 200,000 soldiers are stationed outside the Black Water mountain range. In the Black Water mountain range there are approximately 200,000 bandits. This is the number one place for bandits in the world. Because these bandits are very familiar with the terrain of the Black Water mountain range and have the advantaged geographical position, the 200,000 soldiers whom East Vanquishing Prince controls have always been stationed outside the mountain range to frighten the Black Water bandits.

In Tiefeng City on the border with the wilderness, there is a forbidding mansion. At this moment, East Vanquishing Prince Qin De is quietly reading a book in a room of the mansion.

‘Your Highness,’ standing outside the door, Zhao Yunxing bows and says.

‘Yunxing, come on in.’ Qin De basically says at once without raising his head. Then Zhao Yunxing enters the room with his body bent. He stands quietly on one side of the room waiting for Qin De to talk first. He holds East Vanquishing Prince Qin De in nothing but high esteem.

Qin De puts the book in his hand down and turns to Zhao Yunxing. He says with a smile: ‘Yunxing, you have taught Yu’er for a year. Tell me, does Yu’er have any prospects on the path of external techniques?’

‘Your Highness, Third Prince is exceptionally hardworking and persistent. His willpower is stronger than that of many adults,’ says Zhao Yunxing immediately. Hearing that, Qin De’s face has a faint smile. Zhao Yunxing continues: ‘But Third Prince’s aptitude can only be considered above average whereas most of those who have reached the peak of external techniques are highly talented people. But thanks to having the nourishment of Misty Villa’s hot spring and eating precious medicinal meals frequently, Third Prince still has a chance of reaching the peak of external techniques.’

The peak of external techniques is the peak of the Houtian level and close to the Xiantian level. Anyone who has practiced external techniques to that extent can even give early-phase Xiantian internal experts a good run for their money.

‘How long will it take?’ asks Qin Yu in reply.

Zhao Yunxing considers carefully for a while and says: ‘Perhaps it will take 30 years. And this will only happen if Third Prince is to persevere all along. On the path of external techniques, the closer one gets to its late phase, the harder it gets to improve. Take, for instance, strength. After practicing for 10-odd years, Third Prince won’t have any difficulties lifting 300 or 400 jin with one arm. At the peak of external techniques, he should have 700 or 800 jin of strength in one arm. But it gets harder and harder toward the end. 30 years, won’t be far from the truth.’

Qin De shakes his head and sighs: ’30 years is too long. But if he can protect himself after 10-odd years, this could still be considered not bad.’

‘All right, Zhao Yunxing, you should return first.’ Qin De says with a smile. Zhao Yunxing immediately bows and says: ‘I take my leave, Your Highness.’ After that, he goes immediately, leaving only Qin De in the room. After a long time, a deep and low sigh rises in it ...

******

Qin Yu is standing in a horse stance under the continuous attack of the waterfall. He is persevering on the blue rocks under the waterfall.

Feeling the hitting force of the waterfall, Qin Yu secretly rejoices. Luckily for him, when he just started training, Zhao Yunxing attached great importance to the body’s resistance to attacks. In addition, he has consistently been having medicinal wine applied to his whole body. These occurrences have given Qin Yu a fairly high resistance to attacks. Otherwise, he basically would not have been able to withstand the hitting force of the waterfall.

‘Persist.’

Qin Yu constantly asks himself in his mind. Zhao Yunxing is no longer here so there is no one to demand him. At one time, Qin Yu also had the thought of slacking off. After all, he has been training all by himself so even if he had slacked off no one would have reprimanded him. Moreover, he is still a kid.

But ... as soon as that thought appeared, it was strangled into nothingness by him.

His big brother, his second brother, and even his father, none of them is lazy and none of them is a weakling.

As a son of the Qin clan’s and a son of East Vanquishing Prince Qin De’s, he naturally must not become a weakling either.

Strive!

‘Persist! Persist!’ Feeling his legs starting to weaken, Qin Yu continuously encourages himself in his mind. He even feels his legs trembling. Whenever he persists for a long time, there is strength flowing out from the depths of his muscles.

Suddenly -- Qin Yu’s legs go numb and he is thrown into the lake with a loud splash.

......

On the training ground, there are 6 hung sandbags. Qin Yu is quietly standing amid them.

‘Hah!’

Qin Yu shouts loudly and hits a sandbag with a powerful punch. Almost at that moment, he smashes 3 other sandbags. Those sandbags immediately swing and hit the other sandbags. In an instant, all of the sandbags are swinging around.

Their trajectories are totally irregular. A sandbag which originally comes toward him from the front can collide with another sandbag resulting in a major change in the way it moves.

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

With glittering eyes, Qin Yu quickly strikes any sandbags coming at him with his hands. This is to train his reaction speed. Reaction speed and arm muscles are related. At the same time it and the practitioner’s reactions are also related. And through training, the reactions can be improved.

When experts fight each other to the death, the ones with faster reactions, even by a mere blink, will take the others’ lives.

Due to Qin Yu’s quick attacks, those sandbags swing increasingly faster. In a while, he feels the pressure building up. Suddenly, he is hit in the back. He immediately loses balance and 3 or 4 other sandbags collide with his body all at once.

Thud!

Qin Yu immediately falls onto the ground but he stands up after a roll.

‘Ss~~~’

Qin Yu gasps in surprise then looks at his knees. At this moment, they have been torn badly by friction and are oozing blood. There is some sand and gravel on the ground. Obviously the knees hit the sand and gravel as he fell down.

‘Why hasn’t it been swept clean?’ There is nothing Qin Yu can do. He himself gave the ground a sweep before training. Who could have thought it was not swept clean?

‘Continue.’

Disregarding the injuries, Qin Yu sweeps the sand and gravel away. Then he rushes to the middle of the sandbags and starts the reaction training again.

......

In the middle of the courtyard, wearing only a pair of shorts and lying on a chair, Qin Yu is holding a book. His whole body is covered in medicinal wine. At this moment, there are several bright lanterns in the courtyard, one of which is beside Qin Yu. The lanterns are bright enough for him to read the writing of the book.

Even though Master Zhao Yunxing left, Qin Yu has not lowered any requirements in the least. He has even made them stricter. Every day he trains from dawn till dusk. In the evening, he soaks in the hot spring until midnight to absorb its nourishment and let the body recover. This period is also Qin Yu’s sleep time.

At the moment, after being applied with medicinal wine by Weng Xian, it is his reading time.

‘I haven’t been watching the stars on the top of the mountain for so long.’ Qin Yu shakes his head and looks into the boundless starry sky with a faint smile, ‘but watching the stars in the courtyard is not bad. Xiao Hei, do you think so? Hey, Xiao Hei, are you an eagle or not? Why do you grow so slowly? Why do you have golden feathers on the top of your head?’

As he is saying, he strokes Xiao Hei, which is next to him.

Xiao Hei’s eyes glitter. It flaps its wings repeatedly as if it does not allow Qin Yu to stroke its head. Then it raises its head proudly, looking very haughty.

Qin Yu bursts out laughing immediately.

‘Alright, I’d better read books seriously rather than waste time on you. Tomorrow I’m going to have to continue training.’ Qin Yu immediately reads the thread-bound book he is holding. It is a medical book. Qin Yu can remember clearly Zhao Yunxing said if he wanted to become a real external expert, he had to become familiar with the art of medicine.

At the side of the courtyard’s door, Lian Yan is hiding in shadow and kindly watching Qin Yu.

Especially when Lian Yan heard Qin Yu say he did not want to waste time playing with Xiao Hei, he felt sorry for him even more. Qin Yu is only 9 year old, yet he does not waste a single minute of a day. He has planned to get the most out of every minute. Everything he has done is for his painful training. But what has he been training for?

The last time Qin De visited Misty Villa was a long, long time ago.

While he is reading the book, he does not notice that it is getting light. Some cakes beside Qin Yu’s chair were already eaten up by him unwittingly.

Qin Yu puts the book down and looks up. He stretches his sluggish waist very happily and says with a broad, radiant smile on his face: ‘A day starts off with dawn. A new day has come. Qin Yu, try hard! Try hard and you’ll succeed.’

The training of a new day has started ... ...

.

End of b1c12

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1, 13
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C13: Aurora (2)

In the hot spring, Qin Yu is standing with a resolute expression in his eyes.

Of course, he is not soaking in the hot spring. Rather, he is carrying out the explosiveness training under water resistance. Explosiveness training under water resistance is useful for the body’s explosiveness. Compared to explosiveness training in lakes, explosiveness training in the hot spring is different because, firstly, the water of the hot spring also has resistance like that of the lakes, and secondly, it can nourish Qin Yu’s body nonstop. This is killing 2 birds with 1 stone.

Punch! Withdraw the fist!

Kick! Withdraw the leg!

Qin Yu punches and kicks very fast in the water and he explosively exerts all his strength in every attack to reach the fastest speed. As soon as Qin Yu takes a horse stance, he does not sway even in the water. He has this ability only thanks to having been working on the horse stance for a long time.

The water is rolling. It has its own path of movement. Every time Qin Yu attacks he tries to make his fist or foot reach the fastest speed, so very naturally the way his fists cut through the water and the way his legs move start to change. How should the path of his punch be?

Direct?

Curved?

Neither is correct! Nothing is absolute. Being direct must be coupled with being curved. Everything is for making the punches faster and stronger and minimizing the water resistance they experience. Everything is for pursuing an increasingly stronger offensive force and an increasingly faster attack speed. Qin Yu attacks nonstop.

At the moment, there are even small pieces of iron tied to Qin Yu’s arms and legs......

......

On the training ground, Qin Yu, dressed in a pair of shorts, is standing in a horse stance. There is a bodyguard man beside him. The man is holding a wooden stick. At the moment, Qin Yu is training his resistance to attacks. Only by being hit nonstop and absorbing medicinal wine can the body become tougher and tougher. If Qin Yu reaches the peak of resistance training, he will even be able to withstand real weapons.

‘Uncle Yang, a bit harder,’ says Qin Yu to the man beside him, Yang Shan, very discontentedly.

Yang Shan promptly advises: ‘Third Prince, it’s nearly enough already. It’s time you finished this hit-taking training.’ Seeing the various stripe-like red marks on Qin Yu’s body and then the unconcernedly expression on his childish face, Yang Shan is very distressed. When Qin Yu was 6, Yang Shan and his colleagues went to Misty Villa together with him. For the last 3 years, they have been watching this kid grow. Who among them would be willing to hit him?

But Yang Shan was forced to hit Qin Yu, because this is the attack resistance training in external practice.

‘I let you hit me, then hit me. Alright, I’ll hit myself.’ Qin Yu shakes his head and gives a laugh. As he is saying he signals for the wooden stick.

As soon as Yang Shan sees that, he quickly moves back. Determined not to let Qin Yu hold the stick, he says hurriedly: ‘Alright, alright, I’ll continue to hit you. A bit harder, is that right? I know.’ Yang Shan does not dare to let Qin Yu hit himself. If Qin Yu hit himself, he would do it with all his strength. Yang Shan remembers that day when Qin Yu’s body was even damaged entirely.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! ... ...

The stick hits Qin Yu’s body continuously. He is standing in a horse stance with his lips closed tightly and taking the hits unflinchingly without letting out a groan. One after another, stripe-like red marks appear on his body, which makes Yang Shan feel unhappy. Even though he is now a soldier, when he was 9, he was still tending cattle at home. But Qin Yu, who is East Vanquishing Prince’s third son, does not waste any minutes and practices nonstop in order to reach the limits of the human body.

Qin Yu’s eyes glitter like stars. From the look in his eyes, it can be estimated how great his determination is -- a determination that is as unshakable as a great mountain.

......

‘Xiao Yu, today’s training load was a bit too much. Tomorrow reduce it a little bit.’

Qin Yu is lying on a bed. An old man with his head full of white hair is talking to him in a deeply concerned manner while massaging him. This old man is Weng Xian, a medical expert. He was one of the very best medical experts of East Vanquishing Prince’s mansion. When Qin De dispatched him to Misty Villa, the people in the mansion were amazed that their master was willing to send such a medical expert to a villa.

‘No matter, Grandpa Weng, if you massage me with your very special techniques, add to that the medicinal wine, I’ll be back to normal the next day.’ Qin Yu curls his lips. He does not care at all.

Weng Xian’s hands do not move very fast but they follow a pattern, either flapping, or kneading, or poking, or stroking. The various techniques are all different from each other. Moreover Weng Xian’s hands are also smeared with medicinal wine. With the help of his special secret massage techniques, this medicinal wine’s effective medicines fuse with Qin Yu’s body very fast.

Weng Xian shakes his head with a smile as he sees Qin Yu’s unconcernedly expression. At the same time he cannot help charging his secret massage techniques with internal energy.

‘It feels so good.’ Feeling bursts of warm energy entering his body one after another, Qin Yu cannot help shouting leisurely.

Weng Xian gives a smile. If he is not willing, even if a person has a higher status, he will not use all his power like this -- withholding not even a bit of internal energy. But Weng Xian cares a lot about Qin Yu. After all, seeing the kid train so hard every day, how could he not soften up and become fond of him?

‘Alright, Xiao Yu, later on you don’t need to risk your life training. That Zhao Yunxing guy was too much. What the devil is limit training? If it wasn’t for Misty Villa’s hot spring and my helping you to dredge your channels, fusing the effective medicines of the wine with your body, how could a kid like you have stomached it!?’ says Weng Xian with a sigh. Obviously he is very discontented with Zhao Yunxing.

Qin Yu smiles brilliantly at Wang Xian and says: ‘I know. You’re the best, Grandpa Weng. You should go to bed a bit earlier. Goodbye, Grandpa Weng!’ Weng Xian immediately smiles and nods. He also advises Qin Yu once more. Then Qin Yu leaves Weng Xian’s habitation.

Tonight, the sky has many stars and is very bright.

‘Master already left. Along with the everyday training, my body has become stronger and stronger. The training load must be increased. Moreover ... I should add some other training methods.’ Looking into the starry sky, Qin Yu thinks.

After that, he goes into the secret floor under the north garden. He is very familiar with how to open its various protecting devices.

He enters the secret room where the secret books are being kept. Various secret books are lying on the table. Qin Yu has not tidied up these books. After all, only he and Lian Yan know how to open this secret room. Qin Yu immediately looks at the 28 external secret books.

These external secret books have various different training methods. Qin Yu wants to find some suitable methods for himself in them.

Suddenly, Qin Yu’s eyes are unconsciously attracted by the only golden book among those secret books. In the 96 secret books, only one book is written on gold paper so it is incomparably eye-catching. It is the Ancestral Dragon Art.

An idea suddenly springs to Qin Yu’s mind.

‘At that time I couldn’t practice internal techniques, but by now I’ve been training my body for over a year. I’m much stronger than in the past. Maybe my dantian’s problem has automatically disappeared,’ thinks Qin Yu. After all, generally, people who have problems with their health can automatically cure their illnesses by practicing martial arts.

But Qin Yu forgets that his dantian’s problem is different from ordinary people’s problems. It is not an illness. Rather, it is an innate disability.

But Qin Yu is still a kid. Moreover, he has always hoped that his power would increase quickly. Therefore, it is normal for him to have such an idea.

‘No matter what, I’m going to try it out first. In any case, several hours can’t be wasted.’ Qin Yu immediately sits with legs crossed on the table. He gets the Ancestral Dragon Art then starts to practice according to the contents of the first page. He enters an ethereal state of mind then his mind goes into a vague blank ...

In only a short while, Qin Yu feels that the holy energy of the universe absorbed by him has formed a warm stream in his body. Moreover, compared to the stream of over a year ago, this stream is fairly bigger.

‘As expected, when the body becomes strong, I absorb the universe’s holy energy quite faster. Let’s start circulating it.’ Qin Yu immediately uses his mind to make that warm stream move in his body. According to the Small Round path of the Ancestral Dragon Art, the stream continuously changes direction then blends with the dantian.

Qin Yu becomes excited. He carefully tries to feel if this small stream of internal energy will be dissipated or not.

‘You must not dissipate. You must not.’ Qin Yu hopes for the best so his attention becomes even more focused. He uses his entire mind to feel this small stream of internal energy. In limit training, the thing that is trained the most is the mind. Having been training for so long, Qin Yu’s mind is much stronger than those of ordinary people. It is also much stronger than it was when Qin Yu just started his limit training.

He feels clearly the internal energy starting to disperse in the dantian. Then it goes away through the body in all directions.

‘Gee, failed again.’ Qin Yu groans.

Suddenly --

‘That’s not true!’ It is as if Qin Yu has just discovered a world-shaking secret. He focuses his entire mind on the dispersing lines of internal energy. Most of those internal energy lines dissipate into the air through the body, but unexpectedly a small number of them fuse with the body’s flesh and bones.

To draw an analogy, Qin Yu’s flesh and bones are like sandy soil and those internal energy lines are like a stream. The stream flows on the sandy soil, but a small part of the water is still absorbed by the soil. This is a fact. Even though Qin Yu’s internal energy flows to the surroundings, part of it is still absorbed by him.

Qin Yu’s eyes immediately glitter.

‘Very good. Very good. Very good.’ Qin Yu is so excited that his whole body trembles. ‘Even though absorbing the effective medicines of the medicinal wine can reinforce the body’s flesh, how can it compare with internal energy? I can’t accumulate internal energy, but my flesh can absorb internal energy. The stronger my flesh becomes, the faster I practice external techniques!’

At the moment, Qin Yu is extremely excited. He can even hear his intense heartbeats.

‘Father, I’ll definitely succeed.’ Qin Yu’s eyes radiate rays of light. Never for a moment has he been so confident.

Above the bleak, dangerous path of practicing external techniques on which Qin Yu has been treading, dawn is breaking......

.

End of b1c13.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1, 14
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C14: High-speed transformations (1)

Thanks to his internal energy fusing with his flesh, Qin Yu’s flesh and bones immediately undergo transformations nonstop. Absorbing internal energy, the flexibility and toughness of the flesh as well as its potential continuously heighten. This allows Qin Yu’s body training to improve at such a fast speed which no one could have thought possible.

As time goes by......

Qin Yu’s overall power also increases at a very fast speed......

About a half year later.

Zhao Yunxing has left for a year. Qin Yu is already 10.

On the side of Mount Donglan, with eyes which look like those of a falcon, Qin Yu is staring forward while running in long strides. Bystanders basically cannot imagine that each of his arms is wearing a 5-jin iron piece of armor and each of his legs is wearing a 10-jin iron piece of armor. His iron undershirt also weighs about 20 jin.

Qin Yu is running at his fastest speed. He simply does not stop.

The difficulty of weight-carrying running varies depending on which body parts the weights are fastened to. If he only carries a weight on his back, at least his legs can still run a bit easily. But if there are more weights fastened to his arms and legs, the legs will require a great amount of his strength to run.

Also, this is the method Qin Yu uses to train the explosiveness of his arms.

With the top of the mountain already in sight, Qin Yu cannot help having a hint of a brilliant smile on his face.

‘For the last half year my strength has improved more than it did in over a year of training before. The muscles’ potential and toughness both have heightened greatly. Moreover, absorbing internal energy is much better for the muscles’ flexibility and toughness than the other training methods. Well, keep striving!’ Qin Yu’s eyes are full of excitement. For the last half year, he has been doing internal practice every day. Even though his dantian cannot accumulate internal energy, the flesh of his body has absorbed part of the dispersed internal energy.

At this moment, Qin Yu’s muscles’ explosiveness, flexibility, toughness and even potential have all increased quite a lot.

The 3 great internal experts who have always been following Qin Yu in secret are all extremely astounded.

These 3 great internal experts have always been safeguarding Qin Yu secretly. They have been worried that when Qin Yu trains alone he might get injured due to continuous running or faint. If something happened, they would spring to his aid. But for the last half year, they have only seen Qin Yu raise the level of his training nonstop. The degrees by which the training load increased even shocked the 3 great internal experts. However, Qin Yu has really been able to endure.

Under the waterfall,

Still carrying the same weights as before, Qin Yu is standing in a horse stance under the waterfall, enduring the constant attack of the water.

‘Hah!’

Under the attack of the waterfall, Qin Yu is punching continuously at a very fast speed while uttering low shouts. His punches are fast like lightning and every punch hits the water. This is how Qin Yu is training the offensive force of his arms. The water sprays are being scattered around even more due to his attacks. Sunlight shines down on them, creating dazzling 7-colored rays of light.

Once Qin Yu takes a horse stance, he is as stable as an old pine.

‘When the weights increased, the pressure on the legs really increased a lot.’ Qin Yu nips his lips and tries hard to make his legs stand more stably.

At this moment, not only are Qin Yu’s legs enduring the hitting force of the waterfall, they are also enduring the pressure of the weights on his body, so it is extremely hard for him to persist. But carrying the weights also increase the force of gravity on Qin Yu, stabilizing his center of gravity quite a lot. Under the constant attack of the waterfall, Qin Yu’s legs endure more and more pressure.

If he wants to reach his limits, he must persevere.

Reaching the peak of his physical limits, Qin Yu feels clearly warm streams coming out from the depths of his muscles one after another. Thanks to them, his legs have strength again. Because his flesh has been absorbing internal energy, every time Qin Yu transcends his limits like this time, he feels that the released strength is considerably greater than in the past. This has also enabled him to progress much faster.

Night,

Qin Yu is sitting with eyes closed and legs crossed on the table. He continuously absorbs the universe’s holy energy, changes it into internal energy and channels it into the dantian. Soon afterwards, the internal energy disperses and goes away in all directions. But Qin Yu’s trained muscles still absorb it nonstop like a hungry and thirsty traveller on the road.

After a night, Qin Yu opens his eyes.

‘Just as I thought, when the training load increases, the amount of internal energy absorbed by the muscles also increases. Today the amount of internal energy absorbed is about a fifth of the total.’ Qin Yu’s face is full of excitement. His internal energy disperses very fast. Most of it disperses into the air and only a very small part is absorbed. It is already a very high proportion that he can absorb a fifth of the total at the moment.

Qin Yu suddenly gets up. He immediately feels that his whole body is full of power.

As the internal energy is absorbed into the flesh, it greatly heightens the potential of the flesh.

‘A new day has come. Let’s continue training,’ smiles Qin Yu, then dashes out of the room.

......

Training day after day, Qin Yu’s body has also been changing quietly. As his age increases, he has reached puberty!

Puberty,

This is the stage during which the human body develops at a very fast speed physically.

Immediately, Qin Yu’s appetite increases greatly, enabling his various bodily functions to improve even faster. The whole year from age 10 to age 11 was the year during which Qin Yu progressed the most in the last 3 years of training. During this year, his bones grew and his muscles developed. Moreover, the amount of internal energy his flesh absorbed increased a lot every day.

Qin Yu is 11 now. He has reached about 1.6 m in height. His overall power can be said to have increased exponentially.

On the training ground, Qin Yu, dressed in black training clothes, sits down at his convenience, taking a very rare break.

Because he is wearing training clothes, just by looking at him, basically no one can tell that he is wearing two 10 jin arm guards on his arms, two 20 jin leg guards on his legs and a 40 jin undershirt. All in all, he is carrying 100 jin. However, to Qin Yu who has gone through 3 years of limit training, this is simply nothing.

‘This puny strength is still very far from alright.’ As soon as Qin Yu remembers the 8 external experts at that time, he feels he himself is sadly lacking in power. That Man Dong could lift 800 jin with one arm and carry 1000 jin easily with his whole body. Compared to him, Qin Yu is indeed much weaker.

However, Qin Yu forgets that he has only been training for 3 years. If he had not discovered the fantastic effects of internal practice after Zhao Yunxing left, it would have taken him a minimum of 6 or 7 years to reach his current level. Moreover, the path which Qin Yu takes is different from those of the other external experts.

To assess a body, not only does one need to look at strength, he also needs to look at many other things such as flexibility, toughness, agility, explosiveness, attack resistance, and so on.

Qin Yu’s strength is weaker than Man Dong’s. But in terms of speed alone, that wild man Man Dong is even inferior to Qin Yu because Qin Yu is extremely agile. Moreover, his body’s flexibility and toughness are also very good and far superior to ordinary external experts’.

How much water a wooden cask contains rests on its lowest plank rather than the highest. To keep a balance between different attributes is very important!

Qin Yu is sitting in a chair. At first glance, his whole body looks like that of a mighty leopard.

Thanks to 3 years of training, add to that his reaching puberty, Qin Yu is already 1.6 m tall now. He has also become a juvenile from a kid. Moreover, this is a juvenile who is even much more capable than ordinary adults. At the moment, this juvenile is contemplating.

‘Master said, in external practice, first I have to train until my body becomes perfect. Then I will learn different fighting techniques using this body. But close-quarters fighting techniques can’t be mastered in a mere day or two. I should start to learn them right now.’

Qin Yu’s eyes shine with wisdom.

For the last 3 years, he has read many medical books and other books in the study. The more books he read, the better his rationality became. And the way he considers a matter now is to the point. Thanks to that, he understands what Zhao Yunxing said at that time even more.

‘From now on, I’m going to use half of the daytime to train my body. During the other half I’m going to try to figure out my own offensive methods.’ Qin Yu suddenly stands up and leaves the training ground at once. He goes toward the study. His body is still carrying 100 jin of weights. During the 24 hours of a day, Qin Yu seems to never take off the weights, except when he has to take a bath.

The basics of a perfect body have already come into being. But how does he capitalize on this body to attack?

Zhao Yunxing has his own techniques. Qin Yu can certainly have his own custom-made techniques as well. Only the techniques which are created based on his body are the best, most powerful offensive techniques. What Qin Yu must do now is figure out this kind of offensive techniques!

.

End of b1c14.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1 15
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C15: High-speed transformations (2)

As time goes by, except when Qin Yu trains, he spends most of his time trying to figure out the offensive techniques of his own. He determines to break down what he must do in order to figure out his offensive techniques into 3 aspects: body-maneuvering skill, close-quarters offence and weapons.

Body-maneuvering skill,

Body-maneuvering skill and defensive dodging are related. It is also connected to close-quarters offence, pursuit and fleeing. Qin Yu’s requirements for his body-maneuvering skill are as follows: quick like lightning, sensitive like a cunning hare. To do research for his body-maneuvering skill, he has to study the art of Qi Men Dun Jia, and study various other body-maneuvering skills.

Close-quarters offence,

During the course of his training, Qin Yu found that he is fond of challenging his limits and fond of being burning with excitement. Therefore when it was time for him to choose his way of offence, he chose to practice ...... close-quarters combat! In close-quarters combat, life or death can be decided in a mere moment. It is extremely dangerous but also full of the passion of life.

Weapons!

Until now, Qin Yu has not decided his weapons of choice. Each of the 18 standard weapons such as the knife, the spear, and the staff has its own merits, but Qin Yu likes to use his own fists and legs even more. At least he still has not decided what weapons he is going to select.

In the study,

Qin Yu is reading a book with the name Book of Changes.

‘Oh, this chapter’s principles seem to ... seem to be quite similar to the body-maneuvering skill Nine Appearances of the Cloud Dragon on page 3 of the Ancestral Dragon Art book,’ mumbles Qin Yu. Then he puts the book down and spontaneously starts to organize some knowledge he just acquired in his mind.

The principles of various body-maneuvering skills and of Qi Men Dun Jia continuously float through Qin Yu’s mind......

‘The composition of Liuyi, Sanqi, Bamen and Jiujing forms the circumstances of Qi Men. Bamen becomes Du, Shang, Jing3, Xiu, Sheng, Si, Jing1 and Kai. Qi Men Dun Jia is divided into Tianpan, Menpan and Dipan, which are called Sancai...’ Some most basic concepts of Qi Men Dun Jia start to take root in Qin Yu’s mind.

Even though they are the most basic ones, they are the foundation. Countless formation arts and escaping techniques have been developed from these principles.

Various mysterious, profound body-maneuvering skills are all more or less influenced by Qi Men Dun Jia.

Because Qin Yu practices external techniques, there is no internal energy in his body. Therefore, he cannot practice ordinary arts of lightness and body-maneuvering skills. He can only create a body-maneuvering skill for himself. The 68 internal secret books all have some internal-energy-based unarmed fighting techniques, knife techniques, body-maneuvering skills and so on.

Even the 28 external secret books also have various offensive techniques.

Like an ocean which contains the water of 100 rivers, Qin Yu reads all the various offensive techniques of the 96 internal and external secret books then combines them with the general principles of Qi Men Dun Jia and the Book of Changes which he already learned. Looking for some hidden essentials of his future body-maneuvering skill is exceptionally difficult but as soon as his body training is finished Qin Yu makes great efforts to research regardless of day or night.

......

To reach the peak of external techniques, it is vital to study the art of medicine. This is what Zhao Yunxing said on the first day he taught Qin Yu. At the moment Qin Yu is reading medical books. For the last 3 years, he has read many medical books and his knowledge has also increased greatly.

‘Every bit of strength and every attack must make the enemy pay the biggest price. If I make a chop at the opponent’s stomach, I’ll only hurt his stomach at best. But if the same chop hits the opponent’s throat, he’ll die.’

Qin Yu puts the book down. His eyes glitter.

The human body has various vital points. Qin Yu knows very well about the body’s joints, the intersection points of the channels and the movement paths of blood and energy. Attacking the vital points is to attack the crucial acupoints, to attack the physically weak parts, or to break the joints of the body using grappling techniques, and so on.

In short, Qin Yu’s offensive principles are: each and every bit of strength causes the heaviest damage and no amount of strength is wasted!

Each of his arms has only 100 jin of strength, but his offensive force must reach the offensive power level of experts with 200 jin of strength in one arm, or an even more formidable level!

To do this, he must try hard using various techniques -- using body-maneuvering skill; attacking vital points; taking advantage of the surroundings and time; taking advantage of the opponent’s psychological changes; and so on. Qin Yu is very confident because he has a body in which agility, explosiveness, flexibility, toughness and so on all exist in perfect harmony. Moreover, he also has various secret books he can consult.

At midday, on the training ground,

Various mechanical wooden dummies have been put on the training ground, forming a wooden dummy lane. This is the highest achievement of mechanics grand-masters. To fight through the wooden dummy lane is highly difficult. It is not something ordinary people can do. Today, Qin Yu decides to use the wooden dummy lane to practice his close-quarters offensive techniques.

Qin Yu is standing stock-still before the wooden dummy lane. Suddenly, he charges into it. A slight move in one part can affect the whole thing. Soon after he touches a wooden dummy, the other dummies in the lane all start to move. Qin Yu only has calmness in his eyes.

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! ......

His hands, aimed directly at the wooden dummies’ joints, attack quickly like a flash. His legs mostly defend, but if an opportunity arises he breaks the wood in one kick. Qin Yu is moving very fast, but only because he is not carrying weights at the moment. Qin Yu knows very well that if he puts on those 100 jin of weights, he simply will not be able to defeat this wooden dummy lane.

Having taken off the 100 jin of weights, Qin Yu is surprisingly agile. But ... there are too many wooden dummies in the wooden dummy lane. He is even hit in the head by a nearby wooden dummy. Soon after he gets hit, he is attacked several more times in quick succession. Qin Yu has no choice but to do a roll and run out of the lane immediately.

‘Not bad. Every wooden dummy’s joints are similar to the human body’s joints. Practicing this way is much more effective.’ Qin Yu’s eyes glitter. He charges into the wooden dummy lane again.

The wooden dummy lane is no more than a relatively easy training method in Qin Yu’s plan. There is still the higher-ranked copper dummy lane. The copper dummies, of course, are not only made of copper. Rather, they are wooden dummies with an outside layer made of copper and iron. In this way, obviously a copper dummy’s offence and defense both are stronger than a wooden dummy’s by a level.

......

Qin Yu has not determined what weapons he is going to use in the end. Late at night on the same day, in the secret room, Qin Yu is carefully reading the offensive techniques in every secret book. Most of them use the knife or the sword. A small number of them also use strange weapons.

‘Huh?’ Qin Yu suddenly opens an internal secret book. When he reaches the chapter about swordsmanship, there is a passage in it which catches his attention: ‘Even though our school’s Afterimage Sword is an assassination style of swordsmanship, in terms of close-quarters assassination swordsmanship, the number one is still the Yu Clan’s One Sword. It does not matter who the target is, assassin Yu Shi has never failed. In those days, this assassin was the legendary top assassin of the assassination organization Heavenly Net.’

Qin Yu is startled.

Heavenly Net -- Qin Yu has heard of this name. This is an extremely old assassination organization with a history longer than even a millennium. Its influence has spread throughout the whole Qian Long continent. Not even one of the 3 big dynasties on the Qian Long continent has a history as long as that of the Heavenly Net. This assassin Yu Shi was known by reputation as the legendary top assassin so his killing techniques must have been terribly good.

Suddenly --

Qin Yu’s eyes pop out of his head.

‘Yu Clan’s One Sword, Yu Clans’ One Sword, ah, the back side of page 3 of the Ancestral Dragon Art book seems to talk about it.’ Qin Yu read the Ancestral Dragon Art book carefully before. It has 3 gold pages. Nearly half of the contents are about an internal secret technique. Another half is about the body-maneuvering skill Nine Appearances of the Cloud Dragon, the unarmed fighting technique Flame Dragon Fist, and the sword technique Heaven-Splitting Ultimate Yang Sword. That so-called Yu Clan’s One Sword is only described a bit at the end so Qin Yu did not take much notice of it at that time.

Only now does he know that the obscure Yu Clans’ One Sword in the Ancestral Dragon Art book is actually the sword technique of the so-called legendary number one assassin.

The internal technique Ancestral Dragon Art absorbs the universe’s holy energy at an extremely high speed. Among various internal techniques, it is undoubtedly the number one. The body-maneuvering skill Nine Appearances of the Cloud Dragon, the unarmed fighting technique Flame Dragon Fist, and the sword technique Heaven-Splitting Ultimate Yang Sword are all terrifyingly formidable but to practice them requires practicing the Ancestral Dragon Art in coordination. Therefore Qin Yu can only see them without practicing.

Opening the last page, Qin Yu finally looks at the piece of information about the Yu Clan’s One Sword.

‘Ah, I didn’t think that it even had the practice method of the Yu Clan’s One Sword.’ Qin Yu’s eyes brighten as he goes into ecstasies. No one could have thought that there would be the practice method of the Yu Clan’s One Sword in the Ancestral Dragon Art book. Qin Yu immediately starts reading carefully. But the more he reads, the paler he looks. In the end, he even looks a bit pasty.

.

End of b1c15.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1 16
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C16: High-speed transformations (3)

The Yu Clan’s One Sword is an extremely cruel sword technique. This technique has only been passed down in the Yu clan. But for some unknown reason, it is also seen in the book of the Ancestral Dragon Art.

In every generation of the Yu clan, all the male newborns are considered heirs apparent of the Yu Clan’s One Sword. When the children have just been born, their appearances are spoiled. Worse still, the Yu clan then secretly orders its servants to take each child to a slum separately.

The child will be tormented by the servant, add to that he will be discriminated against due to his disfigurement, and he will suffer all kinds of unfriendliness in the world. His disposition will change to an extent where he will extremely detest the world. When he grows up, the Yu clan will bring him back. He will be taught internal techniques, depending on his specialty. At the same time, he will undergo special training to learn the Yu Clan’s One Sword.

The special training is very simple -- training to kill people. In the beginning, the clan will train its heirs apparent with corpses, letting these candidates stab the corpses in the vital points nonstop with their short swords. Each corpse will be stabbed into minced flesh but only when it has gone completely rotten will it be thrown away. After they can hit the enemy’s vital points easily with eyes closed, they will continuously carry out missions.

The Yu Clan’s One Sword kills in one hit. It has only 2 moves altogether -- conceal the sword, draw the sword.

If the sword of a Yu Clan’s One Sword user is not drawn, nothing will happen. But as soon as it is drawn, it will surely kill.

Simple, very simple, extremely simple, yet it is called the number one assassination sword technique.

‘Getting disfigured in infancy, then getting tormented, getting discriminated against continuously, unloved and unsupported by anyone, becoming associated with corpses every day after growing up, stabbing corpses into minced flesh nonstop until they are rotten. This kind of sword technique is really too twisted and disgusting.’ Qin Yu’s expression is very unpleasant to look at.

As soon as he thinks about the disfigurement of the babies and the use of corpses in training, Qin Yu feels very disgusted with this so-called Yu Clan’s One Sword. Training assassins in this way really is too twisted.

‘The murderous air, is the most freakish and shocking thing that the Yu clan’s heirs possess!’

The Ancestral Dragon Art book’s last judgement on the Yu Clan’s One Sword makes Qin Yu startled. After thinking for a while, Qin Yu totally understands why the Yu Clan’s One Sword is so fearsome and why it is called the number one assassination sword technique.

Qin Yu’s expression is full of astonishment: ‘Formidable, formidable, the planner of the Yu Clan’s One Sword training is really too formidable. Those babies are disfigured in infancy so they have completely warped minds. When they grow up, they train by stabbing corpses and stay close to corpses every day. Eventually, they carry out missions nonstop. Babies of this kind have savageness at the bottoms of the hearts from childhood. When they stay close to corpses every day later, the savageness increases terrifyingly. When they kill someone, just by having an outburst of savageness at that moment they can greatly discompose the opponents.’

Qin Yu takes 2 deep breaths and calms down.

Because Qin Yu is usually alone, he is in the habit of pondering over some matters.

‘This Yu Clan’s One Sword is called the number one assassination sword technique because of 2 reasons. First is, the user has to cultivate a terrifying air of savageness. Second is, the sword is drawn in the simplest manner.’ Qin Yu concludes to himself, ‘The savageness that is cultivated at the bottom of his heart from childhood will become utterly terrifying in his adulthood. When he kills someone, that air of savageness will probably discompose the opponent greatly. At the right moment, drawing the sword extremely fast, he can kill the enemy in one hit.’

The Yu Clan’s One Sword has only 2 moves: Concealing Sword and Drawing Sword.

This is very noteworthy. Concealing Sword is to make people unable to feel the existence of the sword. Drawing Sword is to make people simply unable to react. At the same time the enemy must be killed in one hit. No error is allowed.

‘Cultivating that terrifying aura is to increase the certainty of success when drawing the sword. Actually, without that terrifying aura, the Yu Clan’s One Sword is still a formidable assassination sword technique!’ Qin Yu praises it highly in his mind. This Concealing Sword, Drawing Sword process is very simple but it is incomparably refined.

However, Qin Yu knows: without that fearsome air of savageness, the Yu Clan’s One Sword is only a relatively formidable assassination sword technique and cannot be called the number one assassination sword technique.

‘I don’t want to be warped like that. But the so-called Concealing Sword, Drawing Sword of the Yu Clan’s One Sword totally tickles my fancy.’ Qin Yu is very excited, ‘In normal situations, I’ll conceal the sword and engage in close-quarters combat. But when I have no choice, I’ll draw the sword. Alright, my weapon is going to be a short sword.’

Using fists and legs to fight is what Qin Yu likes the most.

Qin Yu selects the short sword because it is also used in close-quarters combat. The moment the sword is drawn, it can directly take the enemy’s life. Life or death to be decided in a moment -- Qin Yu loves this kind of passion-burning, blood-boiling fighting method.

In close-quarters combat, he will tear the enemy’s muscles apart and distort their bones, or attack their vital points with his fists.

The hand can become a fist, a claw, a palm, a chopper...

The leg can become a whip, a knife, a stick, an ax...

‘Close-quarters combat is the most exciting thing.’ Qin Yu looks at a wooden dummy which were created based on the entire human skeleton before him. Immediately, he changes his hands into claws and tears a couple joints of the dummy into pieces in one grab. At the same time, his hands move like illusions, and in just a moment, all the joints of the wooden dummy have been completely shattered into tiny bits.

......

In the hot spring in the west garden,

Qin Yu is strolling in the water like a wandering dragon. At the same time he punches continuously. Other people can even see the unceasing blurs of his fists under water. Qin Yu’s punching speed is extremely fast.

After nearly 3 years of training, Qin Yu has almost grasped the characteristics of water. When in water, he can make use of its forces. Water basically cannot become a hindrance to him. When in water, Qin Yu is like a fish, very difficult to hold.

‘Xiao Yu.’ Lian Yan enters the west garden with a smiling expression.

Bang!

Qin Yu suddenly takes a leap. He unexpectedly gets out of the water directly. As soon as his hands are propped up against the ground, he does a flip and falls onto the ground in a beautiful manner.

‘Grandpa Lian.’ Qin Yu goes toward Lian Yan while laughing. Suddenly ... a gust of wind blows onto his body. He unconsciously makes a swinging movement with his body, and all of a sudden he unexpectedly appears beside Lian Yan. This speed was terrifyingly fast. Lian Yan cannot help being shocked.

Qin Yu’s eyes suddenly glitter with astonishment. His whole body stands stock-still as if he has been struck by lightning.

‘Just now, just now ...’

Qin Yu is extremely amazed by what has just happened. When he was in the water, he tried every means to make use of its forces to increase his speed. After he got out of the water just a moment ago, when the wind reached him, he was thinking about Lian Yan, so he unconsciously acted as if he was still in the water -- he once again attempted to make use of ‘water’s forces,’ but in fact it was the wind.

‘Water resistance, wind resistance, air resistance ... actually they are all resistance, except that water resistance is much stronger. I can make use of water’s forces then why can’t I make use of the wind’s forces to prevent strong winds from becoming a hindrance when I’m moving fast?!’

Qin Yu gets even more excited.

‘Xiao Yu, you...’ Seeing this situation, Lian Yan is startled. Qin Yu simply does not look up. He waves his hands and says: ‘Grandpa Lian, let’s talk later.’ As he is saying, he totally immerses himself into his enlightenment. He shuts his eyes completely.

He uses his body to feel the wind’s resistance even more clearly.

Speed!

In the end, how fast can a person be? When running at normal speeds, he feels as if there is no wind resistance. But when dashing at very high speeds, the faster he goes, the stronger the resistance he experiences. And when he reaches top speed, the air resistance reaches a shocking level.

‘If I even consider these kinds of resistance to be assistance rather than hindrances, then how fast will I be?’ Thinking about this matter, Qin Yu immediately has a goal. This period of time, he has always been searching for his own body-maneuvering skill. At this moment, Qin Yu suddenly understands that this is perhaps the way for his body-maneuvering skill.

He closes his eyes and slowly walks about to feel the wind’s resistance, just like how he felt water resistance in the water before.

But air resistance and wind resistance are obviously weaker than water resistance. It is much harder to go along with the forces of the wind. However, Qin Yu has previous experience with water, so at this moment he is learning about the wind through feeling much faster than normal. At the same time, he consciously combines the principles of Qi Men Dun Jia with his knowledge of the wind.

......

Day after day,

Enduring the water pressure under the waterfall, long-distance running while carrying weights, training the finger strength, reaction training in the sandbag formation, training the body’s toughness with wooden sticks ... practicing close-quarters combat in the wooden dummy lane, practicing the Yu Clan’s One Sword on a model of the human body, through feeling developing the body-maneuvering skill which makes use of wind’s and air’s forces ...

Absorbing internal energy to enhance the flesh’s solidity, toughness and potential,

As Qin Yu’s appetite is redoubled, his bones and flesh also transform at very high speeds. Qin Yu, who is experiencing his period of bodily growth, uses several near perfect forms of limit training to enable his own body to quickly approach a state of perfect harmony. His overall power also increases at very high speeds.

His body-maneuvering skill is also nearing completion. The air resistance and wind resistance he experiences when he moves at his top speed has become increasingly smaller.

......

In the mansion of East Vanquishing Prince in Tiefeng City,

Qin De is looking at a military map on the wall. The map has various markings of different colors. The 3 Eastern region counties are black and the other regions of the Chu kingdom are red. As Qin De is looking at the military map, his eyes radiate killing intent. Every day he looks at this map while standing still for nearly 4 hours.

‘Your Highness, there is a message from Misty Villa.’ Black-clad Xu Yuan arrives.

Hearing the words ‘Misty Villa,’ Qin De finally shifts his attention away from the map. He turns his head and says unenthusiastically: ‘Say it, what’s the message?’

Xu Yuan immediately replies: ‘Your Highness, the message says that the 3 internal experts who have been specifically protecting Xiao Yu in secret according to your order at that time have decided to return to the army.’

Qin De cannot help feeling doubtful. He knows those 3 people very well. Even though they are only Houtian experts, when working together, their offensive force is very powerful. Moreover, they are very loyal and absolutely do not dare to disobey his orders at will.

‘Say, what’s the reason?’ asks Qin De in a cold voice.

Xu Yuan takes a look at the letter in his hand again. With a strange expression he says: ‘The letter says, Your Highness originally sent these 3 internal experts to secretly protect Xiao Yu. But, but...’ Saying to here, Xu Yuan seems to have something he cannot express.

‘In the end what’s the reason? Quickly say it!’ asks Qin De while staring at Xu Yuan.

With a strange expression Xu Yuan can only say: ‘Your Highness, this letter says, you chose the 3 internal experts, but now they basically can’t keep up with Xiao Yu’s movement speed, therefore they have no way to protect Xiao Yu secretly.’

‘What? Can’t keep up? How is it possible?’ Even if Qin De was calmer, at this moment his eyes would still pop out of his head.

This year, Qin Yu just turned 12.

.

End of b1c16.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1, 17
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C17: The Yuchang sword

Qin De cannot believe this outcome. Xu Yuan also finds it very unbelievable. But how could the people at Misty Villa dare to deceive Qin De?

‘Your Highness...’ Xu Yuan looks at Qin De.

Qin De has calmed down. He ponders for a while then stares at Xu Yuan and says: ‘Those 3 internal experts who secretly protect Yu’er can return now. From now on, no one has to protect Yu’er in secret!’ Qin De looks into the sky through the window. With a faint smile he mumbles: ‘Yu’er has grown up. He no longer needs to stay under my wing. What he needs is to experience hardships. And eventually he will flap his wings to hover over the 9 levels of the sky!’

‘Your Highness, should we let Xiao Yu participate in the plan?’ asks Xu Yuan suddenly.

Qin De’s face hardens. He says directly without any hesitation: ‘No. Xiao Yu’s power is not bad, but in the middle of a battle with the participation of several hundred thousand soldiers or even 1 million soldiers, if surrounded, an individual is simply of no use. Only when the individual has reached the Xiantian level, will he be able to save his little life in the middle of a large army. Moreover, Yu’er has never marshaled soldiers. Therefore... he has to reach the Xiantian level. Otherwise he definitely can’t take part in the plan.’

‘Yes!’ Xu Yuan replies.

‘Xu Yuan, it is Jing Yi’s death anniversary in a few days, right? ...’ Qin De is suddenly upset. Standing at one side, Xu Yuan nods and keeps silent.

******

Qin Yu trains nonstop assiduously. Late at night, he circulates internal energy using the Ancestral Dragon Art to make the energy fuse with his flesh and bones, enhancing the toughness and flexibility of the flesh and skin of his whole body. During the daytime he works hard to train his body. At the same time, he practices close-quarters offence and continuously perfects his body-maneuvering skill and practices the Yu Clan’s One Sword. Every day, only the nearly 6 hours during which he soaks in the hot spring is his time for sleep and rest.

Time goes by as he keeps training fiercely like that. In the blink of an eye, Qin Yu has turned 13.

Late at night, the sky is full of visible stars. At the moment, Qin Yu is taking a rare break from practicing his internal technique and absorbing internal energy. He is looking into the starry sky. There is an extremely intimidating black eagle beside him. This black eagle is not like ordinary eagles. It looks even faster and fiercer.

Regardless of the crown-resembling golden feathers atop its head, the shiny black feathers, or the cold-light-radiating pointed beak and sharp claws, Qin Yu is amazed by Xiao Hei’s capabilities. But he still has not found out what kind of bird Xiao Hei actually is.

‘Xiao Hei, I took you in when I was 7. It’s been 6 years but I’ve never been clear about what kind of bird you are. Are you an eagle?’ Qin Yu strokes Xiao Hei’s head and says amiably.

Xiao Hei enjoys Qin Yu’s caresses very much. Its sharp eyes look at Qin Yu and radiate an intense attachment.

The limit training has been going on for 5 years.

Qin Yu’s body has been experiencing world-shattering transformations. If Zhao Yunxing came here, he would definitely find it hard to believe. After all, internal energy fusing with his flesh has allowed Qin Yu’s body to transform even faster. He has been undergoing limit training for only 5 years, but these 5 years can be comparable to ordinary people’s 10 years of limit training.

In addition, he has been helped by the special hot spring at Misty Villa, by medical expert Weng Xian, who has been massaging him and applying medicinal wine for him, and by the various precious medicinal meals which he obtained thanks to East Vanquishing Prince’s powerful influence. Of course ... the most important thing is Qin Yu himself has been trying very hard.

It does not matter what the circumstances are, individual effort is still the most important thing.

Qin Yu has been training with the same resolution every day for the last 5 years. This has made 13-year-old Qin Yu an external expert. Qin Yu is currently about 1.7 m tall. His body’s muscles work in harmony and are streamlined. Just by looking at his body, other people will probably think about the words ‘explosive power’ and ‘speed’ involuntarily.

‘Xiao Hei, I’ve been at Misty Villa for 7 years. Father has also visited me 4 times.’ Qin Yu looks into the starry sky. His eyes are calm.

During the 5 years of limit training, Qin Yu’s mind has also been trained. Even an ordinary person would mature a lot mentally if put in this kind of situation. As Qin Yu grew, he also slowly understood his father and noticed some matters.

‘Father actually cares about me. I can feel that. Since he’s always been working hard to handle that plan, he’s had no time for me. Big brother and second brother are also taking part in that plan. Only I ... am living in comfort nonchalantly at Misty Villa.’ Qin Yu’s eyes have a hint of powerlessness.

‘I don’t know what that plan is. Father has never told me either. I see father overworking like that but I can’t offer him any help.’ Qin Yu shakes his head and says with a forced smile.

Qin Yu does not even know what the plan is, how can he help?

Moreover, his father Qin De has simply not told him anything about it.

‘Father is with the army in the wilderness. Big brother is also there. Second brother went there too. They’ve been trying hard to carry out that mysterious plan and yet I can’t help in anything.’ Qin Yu still remembers the last time Qin De visited him he said -- ‘Yu’er, don’t ask. When you become a Xiantian expert, father will let you take part in this plan.’

‘Oh well, Xiantian!’ Qin Yu turns skywards and sighs. Then he bursts out laughing: ‘All right, let’s forget about it. So what if I can’t join the plan? Training hard is the most important thing.’

Qin Yu’s face has an utterly unconcerned expression. But does he think so from the bottom of his heart?

Qin Yu raises his head and looks into the starry sky. Xiao Hei beside him is also looking up.

As the night passes slowly, a human and an eagle watch the sky quietly. Suddenly -- the sky brightens. One after another, a number of meteors flash through the sky. At first sight, there are at least several tens of them. This is exactly a meteor shower.

‘It’s a meteor shower!’

Qin Yu shouts in a pleasant surprise. His face is full of excitement. It is extremely hard to come across a meteor shower. At least Qin Yu has never seen one before. He has only heard about its enchantment and gorgeousness from Lian Yan.

Sure enough --

Every single one of the meteors is so dazzling and effulgent. They outshine all the stars in the sky. Each meteor is radiating the last light rays of its life and burning the last bits of its energy, producing a thrilling radiance.

Qin Yu is watching calmly. Various hints of mystery appear in his eyes.

‘Meteors -- even though their lives are short, they radiate the brightest lights. They are dazzling. As for human, not even a Xiantian expert can live longer than several hundred years. Instead of living my whole life in mediocrity, why don’t I learn from the meteors? In my limited life, I’ll burn my passion of life and stimulate the blood in my veins, making my life radiate the most dazzling light. Only in this way will I die with no regret.’

Seeing the meteors disappear successively, Qin Yu cannot help saying emotionally.

The limit training has been burning that passion at the bottom of his heart, causing him to love the feeling of blood boiling even more. This is also the reason why he chose close-quarters combat. And at this moment, when he sees the meteor shower, he gains some more understanding of himself.

‘Xiao Hei, I haven’t visited Yan City for about a half year. Let’s go for a stroll in Yan City tomorrow. By the way, I’m going to fetch that short sword -- the Yuchang sword -- from the Prince’s mansion,’ says Qin Yu while stroking Xiao Hei’s head. Xiao Hei looks at Qin Yu then utters a cry which resounds through the sky. It is obviously very excited.

The Yuchang sword is a short sword which is made of meteoric metals. As Qin Yu has been practicing the Yu Clan’s One Sword, it is the most suitable to use this kind of short sword. Having heard about the sword’s story from Lian Yan, Qin Yu has decided to fetch that Yuchang sword from the mansion.

The sky is gradually getting darker. This is the darkness before dawn breaks. Qin Yu waits until it starts to get light then returns to Yan City.

.

End of b1c17.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1, 18
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C18: First kills of fury (1)

Hah!

Qin Yu, dressed in fitted black clothes, is galloping along the highway on tall black horse, heading directly for Yan City alone. In the sky above his head, a black eagle is soaring with wings spread. It is Qin Yu’s pet Xiao Hei.

Feeling strong winds blowing on him, Qin Yu’s face is full of enjoyment.

‘Ha-ha, this feeling is really invigorating. After taking off those 200 jin of weights, my whole body feels light as if it’s floating.’ Qin Yu excitedly props his hands against the horse and does a high flip on its back. He spreads his arms, feeling the strong winds, and falls down precisely on the horse’s back.

He started training when he was 8 and has been undergoing limit training for 5 years. He has almost never wasted any time. In addition, the flesh of his whole body has been continuously absorbing internal energy and transforming. Therefore, his 5 years of training is at least equal to ordinary people’s 10 years of limit training. Qin Yu already became a veritable external expert.

His body-maneuvering skill is light, elegant and effective. His speed is fast like a cunning hare. His explosiveness, strength and so on all cannot be matched by those of ordinary experts.

‘Hah! Hah!’ Qin Yu accelerates in excitement. The horse gallops more vigorously and in an instant there is only a trail of dust left on the highway while his silhouette has already disappeared toward its far end.

******

As the horse gallops, the scenery on the sides of the road is quickly left behind Qin Yu. He suddenly decelerates and stops. Then he gets off the horse and runs directly toward a village. Qin Yu goes to town for a stroll twice every year. The first time he went to town from Misty Villa, he had a drink of water in this village and became friends with some local children.

‘Xiao Shan, Xiao Lu,’ calls Qin Yu as soon as he reaches the entrance of the village.

‘Xiao Yu.’ A robust youth with an iron shovel in his hands runs out in excitement. This youth is bare-chested, revealing his chunks of muscle. These muscles contain in them an explosive strength. This is none other than Qin Yu’s good friend Tie Shan, who just turned 16 this year.

‘Brother Yu.’ A little girl with a ponytail also runs out and abruptly embraces Qin Yu. This little girl is Tie Shan’s little sister Xiao Lu, who is only 8 this year.

‘Xiao Yu, how are you?’ Some villagers around him also enthusiastically greet him. They all know Qin Yu fairly well. After all, he has visited here several times. Qin Yu is dressed differently from normal people but he treats other people extremely nicely. And this is the reason why the villagers like Qin Yu.

‘Xiao Lu, Da Shan, I haven’t come here for about a half year. How are you doing?’ inquires Qin Yu after them with a smiling expression as he strokes Xiao Lu’s head tenderly.

‘We’re doing fine.’ Tie Shan says laughingly. Next to him, Xiao Lu, with her big round black eyes brightening, suddenly says: ‘Brother Yu, are you thirsty? I’m going to fetch water.’ As she finishes saying, she runs directly towards her home without waiting for Qin Yu to reply.

When Qin Yu first came to this village at that time, it was because he was thirsty and wanted a drink of water.

‘Da Shan, I’m going to town right now. If you want to buy something, I’ll help you buy it,’ asks Qin Yu. As soon as Tie Shan hears that, he thinks for a while and says with an uncomfortable smile: ‘I want to buy a somewhat good battle knife. I’ve saved nearly enough money to buy one.’

‘There’s no need to mention your savings. I’ll buy one and give it to you as a present.’ Qin Yu says laughingly while patting Tie Shan’s shoulder. Tie Shan is a bit stupefied. Then he says immediately: ‘How is it going to be alright? A good battle knife is very expensive. How can...’

‘Brother Yu, water.’ Xiao Lu runs up to him while holding a bowl of water.

Qin Yu receives the water. With his eyes narrowed, he smiles and looks at Xiao Lu: ‘You couldn’t have done me a favor for no reason. Say it. What do you want your brother Yu to do for you?’ In a glance Qin Yu sees through the mind of this crafty little girl Xiao Lu.

‘Oops ... I’m caught!’ Xiao Lu winks her big eyes several times and blushes. Then she says uncomfortably: ‘Brother Yu, I want a cloth doll. That kind with a big red flower embroidered on the head!’

Qin Yu laughingly squeezes Xiao Lu’s nose once and says: ‘I got it. A cloth doll with a big red flower embroidered on the head right? Don’t worry. I’ll definitely buy it for you.’ Qin Yu likes this little girl Xiao Lu very much. When he first came here, she was only 5 years old.

After drinking the water, Qin Yu returns the bowl to Xiao Lu and says to her and Tie Shan: ‘Da Shan, Xiao Lu, I’m going first. When I get back I’m going to bring you the things you want.’

‘Xiao Yu, this money.’ Tie Shan is holding some copper coins in his hands, not knowing what to say. However, Qin Yu is already running to the horse. After a jump, which is about 2 to 3 m high, he sits firmly on the horse’s back. Then, after a neigh of the horse, Qin Yu disappears in front of them.

‘Good bye, brother Yu.’ Xiao Lu immediately waves her little hand.

......

After entering Yan City, Qin Yu goes directly to the East Vanquishing Prince mansion.

‘Uncle Li, help me take care of the horse!’ With a push of the hands, Qin Yu immediately jumps into the air from the horse’s back. Then he does a flip and falls down. His movements are extremely fast. A black eagle, which has been staying in the sky, dives down and stands directly on Qin Yu’s shoulder. It is Xiao Hei.

When the 2 men who are guarding the East Vanquishing Prince mansion see Qin Yu, they immediately kneel down and say respectfully: ‘Third Prince.’

Every time Qin Yu went to Yan City he returned to the Prince’s mansion so the people in the mansion all know him and know that he comes to the mansion perhaps because he wants to see if his father is at home or not.

The mansion’s Manager Ge Min immediately walks out with a smiling expression: ‘Xiao Yu, His Highness has not returned yet.’ Ge Men says immediately. He knows every time Qin Yu returned to the mansion he wanted to inquire after the Prince so he tells him in advance this time.

‘Oh.’ Qin Yu is slightly dejected. Then he says with a smile: ‘Grandpa Ge, take me to the Weapon Storing Warehouse.’

‘Then you follow me,’ says Ge Min with a smile.

The Weapon Storing Warehouse is not something ordinary people can enter. The mansion has several secret places such as the Weapon Storing Warehouse and the Secret-Book Archive. But there are some people who can enter these places as they wish. They are Prince Qin De, the 3 younger princes, Xu Yuan, Lian Yan and the mansion’s manager. Not even the vice-manager of the mansion is eligible to come into these places.

They go through various pavilions, terraces, towers, richly ornamented structures, winding corridors and paths, and one courtyard after another.

The princely mansion occupies a very large area. Only after following Ge Min for a long time does Qin Yu come into a secret underground warehouse. This secret underground warehouse is called the Weapon Storing Warehouse. Each and every weapon in this warehouse is an outstanding one.

‘Xiao Yu, you can choose whichever weapon you want. I’m leaving first,’ says Ge Min laughingly.

‘Grandpa Ge, please help me prepare a battle knife, a black iron battle knife! Also, prepare a cloth doll for me. Just remember one thing -- the doll must have a big red flower embroidered on its head.’ Qin Yu hurriedly entrusts those things to Ge Min. Yan City is very big. Qin Yu knows where to buy a battle knife, but he does not know where to buy a cloth doll. Therefore, it is easiest to let the mansion’s people prepare them.

Ge Min is startled: ‘A cloth doll? And even with an embroidered big red flower?’ He examines Qin Yu all over several times. However, no matter how Ge Min looks at him, he cannot imagine that Qin Yu who has the same height as his actually likes cloth dolls. But because Qin Yu asked him to do so, he cannot refuse either.

‘Alright, Xiao Yu, because you like cloth dolls, and even like embroidered big red flowers, I’ll send someone to buy one for you,’ says Ge Min laughingly. After that he walks out of the Weapon Storing Warehouse immediately.

‘This ...’ Qin Yu is stupefied for a moment. ‘I like cloth dolls, and even like embroidered big red flowers?’ Only after a while can he react. He immediately turns around and says hurriedly: ‘Grandpa Ge ...’ But by this time Ge Min has already left.

There is nothing Qin Yu can do. What is the matter? He himself is unexpectedly mistaken for a lover of dolls with big red flowers embroidered on the heads.

‘It’s not important.’ Qin Yu gives an unconcerned laugh then starts to look for that Yuchang sword carefully. This Weapon Storing Warehouse has several tens weapons, which all belong to the so-called Xian grade of goods. Most of them are made from some good minerals taken from the Wilderness.

Generally, weapons are divided into mundane-grade ones and Xian-grade ones.

Mundane-grade items are made from or of minerals and materials which can be found easily on the Qian Long continent. Xian-grade items are extremely hard to acquire. They either are found in the Wilderness or are weapons made from or of materials taken from the bodies of the Wilderness’s magical beasts. Of course, the mundane grade is divided into high, middle and low. Likewise, the Xian grade is divided into high Xian grade, middle Xian grade and low Xian grade.

The Yuchang sword is a low Xian-grade short sword. However, among all the weapons it is the only short sword.

‘Yuchang sword,’ says Qin Yu as he looks at the short sword before him. This sword is 1 cun wide and a bit over 7 cun long. It is pitch-black and unnoticeable. It is very hard to see a sword which is so black. ‘Perhaps this is the special characteristic of the meteoric metals?’

Qin Yu is holding the short sword. This pitch-black Yuchang sword basically does not reflect light. If it is used to kill someone in the dark, it will be absolutely difficult for the target to detect it.

Whizz!

Qin Yu makes a very rapid movement with his hand. As he finishes the Yuchang sword has already disappeared completely. It has disappeared in his hand.

Qin Yu has been practicing the ‘Concealing Sword, Drawing Sword’ principle of the Yu Clan’s One Sword for about 2 years. He has almost mastered the Concealing Sword move. When he conceals the short sword, other people basically have no way to detect it. Moreover, this Yuchang sword is only a bit longer than 7 cun, it does not affect Qin Yu’s close-quarters combat at all.

Suddenly Qin Yu right hand makes a movement. 2 sharp noises can be heard in the air but Qin Yu’s right hand is still empty as before.

If there was an expert here, he would have been able to see that in a moment just now the Yuchang sword appeared in Qin Yu hand, he made 2 extremely fast cuts with it then it instantly disappeared in his hand. His speed was extremely fast. This goes to show the speed of Concealing Sword.

‘The sword concealing method of the Yu Clan’s One Sword is really outstanding but the Concealing Sword part in the Ancestral Dragon Art book says it will take 10 years to reach my current level in Concealing Sword while I only needed 2 years to achieve it. It looks like the description in the Ancestral Dragon Art book isn’t completely correct.’ Qin Yu sighs and says emotionally.

He was wrong.

Ordinary experts will really need 10 years, but the flesh on Qin Yu’s body has been absorbing internal energy so its flexibility and toughness have become extremely high. Moreover, Qin Yu often trains the speed and sensitivity of his fingers, giving him an exceptionally good control of his muscles. With good muscle flexibility and muscle toughness, add to that a good control of muscles, and Qin Yu can easily conceal the Yuchang sword by means of his muscles. How could ordinary experts train their bodies to this extent?’

It is very normal that his 2 years of practicing the Concealing Sword is equal to ordinary people’s 10 years. It can be seen from this that Zhao Yunxing was absolutely right when he said Qin Yu had to train to have a perfect body first then practice offensive techniques later.

Grinding the ax does not harm the firewood chopping skill -- It is this principle!

There are other weapons in the Weapon Storing Warehouse such as knives, spears, sticks and so on but Qin Yu simply does not care about them.

‘It’d be better if there was a pair of gloves to enhance the knuckles’ offensive force.’ Qin Yu looks around carefully. Even though his knuckles have a powerful offensive force, and are also extremely tough, he cannot fight users of extremely good weapons with bare hands. If his knuckles are protected by a good pair of gloves then he will be able to fight them.

.

End of b1c18.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1, 19
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C19: First kills of fury (2)

After searching for a while, Qin Yu gives up sorrowfully. There is a pair of gloves in the Weapon Storing Warehouse but they do not have separate parts for each finger. Qin Yu simply does not like this kind of gloves because if he were to put them on, he would not be able to use some attacking techniques.

“Alright, I’ll make them when I obtain good minerals and materials later.” Qin Yu has no choice but to console himself. Then he leaves the Weapon Storing Warehouse.

******

Horse hooves are running very fast, as if flying. More than 100 horsemen are galloping at top speed on the highway. The leader is a barbarous man who is about 2 m tall and extremely muscular. This man is dressed in a black robe. His whole body is covered in it. His eyes radiate cold rays of light, looking very eerie.

“Stop!”

The leading barbarous man suddenly makes a wave with his hand and utters a cold shout. Immediately, the troop of over 100 horsemen suddenly stops.

“Third bro, lead a group of horsemen and seize all the money and women of this village. I’ll give you 5 minutes. Second bro and I will be some way ahead. We’ll wait for you at Mount Louting over there.” The leading horse man instantly gives his order.

“This is just a small village. 5 minutes? This is too much time. Big brother, don’t worry! Brothers, go.” A very thin one-eyed man with a long narrow scimitar hung on his back utters a loud shout and leads 50 men toward the village not far from there.

Then the barbarous muscular man leads the 2 remaining groups of horsemen and heads directly for Mount Luoting.

Tie Shan, wearing no clothes on the top half of his robust body, is digging the ground in front of the village. Beads of sweat have stood out on his strong back. On one side of him, Xiao Lu is watching the roadside flowers. She is moving her eyes around and indulging in a fantasy.

‘’Big brother, when will brother Yu return?’’ Xiao Lu looks into the sky. There is a layer of dark clouds in it. The weather is obviously not very nice.

Tie Shan says with a smile: ‘’Xiao Lu, don’t worry. Xiao Yu won’t forget.’’ At this moment, Tie Shan cannot help remembering he asked Qin Yu to help him buy a battle knife. Tie Shan usually likes to practice martial arts in his spare time. What he wishes for the most is a sharp battle knife.

‘’Ah, horses, brother Yu has come.’’ Xiao Lu becomes excited as she looks into the distance.

Tie Shan feels the fierce vibrations on the ground: ‘Wrong, it’s not one person.’’ He takes a careful look and only sees that several tens people are coming at full gallop in the distance. An idea springs to his mind. He cannot help feeling so frightened that he is out of his wits.

‘‘Run fast, Xiao Lu!’’ Tie Shan grabs Xiao Lu in a movement and rushes toward the village then turns his head around to take a look. At this moment, several tens mounted bandits have drawn near the village. Every one of them is holding a battle knife in his hand. Tie Shan immediately shouts to the village: ‘’Mounted bandits are here! Mounted bandits are here!’’

Mounted bandits are even more fearsome than ordinary bandits. Because they ride horses, they come without any warning and go without a trace. In addition, they are also more bloodthirsty. Ordinary bandits economize to avoid running short of money, therefore they only rob the surrounding villages a bit. However, it is common for mounted bandits to slaughter a whole village.

Mounted bandits are here!

The whole village gets panicky. All the strong adults stay in their rooms with weapons in their hands, whether iron shovels or firewood chopping knives, while children, old people and women hide behind them.

‘’Hah!’’ The one-eyed man suddenly urges his horse to accelerate. His eye radiates ice-cold rays of light. The horse runs very fast and will catch up with Tie Shan very soon. All the people in the village fear for Tie Shan and his little sister. But none of them dares to come forward.

There is still a 500 m distance between Tie Shan and the village but the galloping one-eyed man is only 10 m from his back now. With a flash of a light, the long narrow scimitar appears in the one-eyed man’s hand. His eye shines with a hint of bloodthirstiness.

‘’Stop.’’ Suddenly, a robust man charges forward. It is Tie Shan’s father.

A hint of coldness appears at the corners of the one-eyed man’s mouth. His wrist suddenly makes a movement. The long narrow scimitar immediately spins out of his hand and slashes at Tie Shan like a bolt of lightning. Tie Shan is paying attention to his back. Seeing what is happening, he immediately does a very quick roll on the ground. Luckily he usually trains himself in martial arts so he successfully dodges this blow.

The one-eyed man’s face changes color. ‘’Stop!’’ Following a cold humph, with a push of his legs, he jumps high into the air from the horse’s back. The spinning scimitar has unexpectedly spun back and he gets hold of it in a grab with no difficulty.

Whizz!

A light flashes. Tie Shan hurriedly does a roll and barely avoids that blow of the scimitar. But --

‘’Ah!’’ Xiao Lu utters a miserable cry. Tie Shan lowers his head to take a look and sees that Xiao Lu’s right arm has been cut off. The severed arm is lying at her side. Xiao Lu is in so much pain that her face has turned very white. Just now when Tie Shan was dodging the scimitar, that arm of Xiao Lu in his bosom stuck out and was cut off by chance. Only at this moment does Tie Shan’s father reach them. Seeing what has just happened, the corners of his eyes wish to crack.

Pu!

The scimitar flashes through Tie Shan’s father and his head flies up. He has been killed in an instant. How can a peasant compare with the number three man of a troop of mounted bandits?

‘’All of you listen. Bring out all the money and young women and I’ll spare your hamlet. Otherwise ... I’ll slaughter everyone,’’ says the one-eyed man with a cold laugh. His hand is holding that scimitar which is dripping with blood.

All the other mounted bandits ride forward and look down at the villagers.

‘’Die!’’

A gust of wind suddenly blows. An iron shovel fiercely smashes down onto the head of a mounted bandit with an extremely strong force, creating a very resounding noise. ‘’Bang!’’ The head of that mounted bandit is smashed. His blood splatters over a large area on the ground. With a ferocious, distorted expression on his face, Tie Shan is holding an iron shovel in his hands, his arms’ muscles twisting together. He looks at the mounted bandits before him in hatred.

‘’Oh, you really killed a brother among us. Brothers, let’s slaughter this village. Only the women can be left alive.’’ The one-eyed man says dully. By now he has become angry.

The other mounted bandits are also angry. In their eyes, a normal village is nothing but a piece of fish meat. Who could have thought a brother among them would die here?

‘’Father, Xiao Lu.’’ Because his father has been killed and his sister’s arm has been severed, Tie Shan cannot think calmly at all. There is only rage in his mind. At the moment he only wants revenge. With the corners of his eyes nearly cracking, he looks at the one-eyed man before him.

Severed arms fly. Blood splatters.

The one-eyed man murders one villager after another with ease. Those villagers’ dying blows do not pose any threat to him. How can ordinary people compare with an internal expert?

One after another, the villagers Tie Shan knew well in the past have been murdered like this, such as his own big uncle and his big uncle’s wife. Tie Shan’s eyes are very red. He is staring so hard that the corners of his eyes have cracked.

‘’Come, come to kill me.’’ Tie Shan lifts the battle knife on the body of the mounted bandit he killed and slashes at the one-eyed man. But that one-eyed man seems to be playing with Tie Shan. Instead of killing him, he uses a smart art of lightness to kill other people easily while letting Tie Shan chase after him nonstop.

Seeing the people he knows well being murdered successively, Tie Shan is in so much pain that he wants to go crazy.

‘’Stop!’’

Suddenly -- a thunderous shout resounds through the whole yard. Everyone is startled and stops for a moment.

Holding a black iron battle knife in one hand and a cloth doll in the other, Qin Yu thus appears on the yard.

The one-eyed man takes a look at Qin Yu. He slightly narrows his eye then says with a smile: ‘’Hello, friend. I am Bai San, the number three man of the Black Wind mounted bandit troop. People call me Scimitar San. May I ask who you are?’’ This Bai San is also an internal expert. He knows in a glance that the juvenile before him is not an ordinary person.

‘’Xiao Lu.’’ Qin Yu looks at Xiao Lu, whose right arm has been cut off. His heart aches with pity. Fortunately, Qin Yu is proficient in the art of medicine. He immediately pokes some acupoints to stop the wounded arm from bleeding.

Xiao Lu slowly opens her eyes. Seeing Qin Yu, a faint smiling expression appears on her very while face: ‘’Brother Yu.’’ When Xiao Lu sees the bodies of father and of other villagers she knew well around her, her tears cannot help streaming out of her eyes.

‘’Father, big uncle, uncle!’’

Xiao Lu’s tears keeps rolling down. At the same time, she convulses. The pain of having an arm cut off is really too terrifying to a little girl.

Seeing that many of the villagers who greeted him warmly a half day ago have died, the sanguinary determination contained in the blood of the Qin clan’s people starts to boil in Qin Yu’s veins. His eyes start to blaze with anger.

Qin Yu carefully puts the cloth doll beside Xiao Lu then he suddenly stands up and throws the black iron battle knife in his hand to Tie Shan: ‘’Da Shan, catch the knife.’’ Tie Shan immediately receives the black iron battle knife in a grab. As a fight is going on, a black iron battle knife comes in very useful.

Qin Yu sees a little severed arm on one side. He knows it is Xiao Lu’s severed arm. From now on, Xiao Lu will forever be a disabled person.

The one-eyed man Bai San promptly says laughingly: ‘’Friend, you’re an expert at any rate. Why bother fighting us Black Wind for a bunch of ordinary people? Instead, you can pick one that you like from these women. What do you think?’’

Bai San can see that Qin Yu is an expert. Experts generally have their masters or schools behind them so Bai San does not want to casually offend them. Moreover, in his eye, the juvenile before him is no pushover. If he is to kill this juvenile, he does not know how many mounted bandits will die in the process.

‘’You’ll ...’’ Qin Yu coldly looks at the several tens mounted bandits in front of him, ‘’all die!’’ Qin Yu forcefully utters these few words through his teeth.

Suddenly --

Qin Yu appears beside a mounted bandit. His hand changes into a claw and grabs the bandit’s throat in a movement. Qin Yu coldly looks at the mounted bandit, whose eyes are filled with terror and astonishment. He exerts the strength of his hand and the bandit immediately dies with a clack.

At the same time, Qin Yu charges toward another mounted bandit like a flash. His legs move like rolling thunder. He performs a fierce kick across the sky. His leg pierces the air and lands heavily on the bandit’s head. With a bang, the head is smashed. One more mounted bandit is dead.

‘’Brothers, don’t hold back. Kill!’’ By now Bai San has become angry. All the mounted bandits charge at Qin Yu murderously at once.

Qin Yu is very fast. He gets away with just a swaying movement of his body.

‘’Bang!’’ Qin Yu sends a man flying with a heavy kick. Then he crushes the opponent’s head immediately with a high cleaving kick.

‘’Clack!’’ Qin Yu raises his tiptoes and kicks a bandit directly in the throat. The bandit is killed in one kick.

‘’Hah!’’ Qin Yu shouts loudly. His spear hand strike, which has the most powerful penetrating force, hits an opponent in the stomach. His internal organs are immediately ruptured. That mounted bandit stares until his eyes are round like a ball. He is already dead.

‘’Bang!’’ Qin Yu turns around and executes a kick. His tiptoes hit a vital point of a mounted bandit’s spine. The bandit is immediately paralyzed stock-still on the ground.

......

With his profound body-maneuvering skill, Qin Yu moves like the wind and attacks extremely fast using his legs and fists. Not even a single mounted bandit is able to withstand his attack. In general, he kills an opponent with only one move. And it takes him at most 2 blows to kill an opponent.

Because his blows hit vital points, they are extremely devastating.

Qin Yu has planned everything perfectly since the beginning of his training. Today he can lift an over 100 jin weight and hold it in the air with one arm. Normally he can caper freely with 200 jin of weights on his body. The offensive force of his fists and legs has become extremely formidable. They can absolutely hit a person to death with ease.

In addition, thanks to Qin Yu’s body-maneuvering skill, wind is no longer a hindrance to him. Because he fused the art of Qi Men Dun Jia with it, add to that his body’s agility and explosiveness, his body-maneuvering skill has become something with which these men have absolutely no hope of keeping up.

‘’How is this possible? How is this possible?’’

Holding his scimitar, the one-eyed man is watching the scene before him in stupefaction.

A silhouette is moving at a terrifying speed --

His fists are fast like lightning. His legs are as stable as a mountain!

When a punch is thrown, someone falls down. When a kick is executed, someone is sent flying!

Each dead mounted bandit was killed in an instant. After a short period of a half minute, nearly half of the 50 mounted bandits have been killed.

‘’Stop. Fight me!’’ The one-eyed man very quickly uses his art of lightness to pursue Qin Yu.

But Qin Yu’s body-maneuvering skill is too profound for him. With a swaying movement, which is very strange yet at the same time seems to contain some profound principles, he gets away several meters. The one-eyed man Bai San simply cannot keep up with him. Bai San raises his scimitar and chases after him like a mad man. But he fails to touch even a corner of Qin Yu’s clothes.

As he keeps chasing, he sees one mounted bandit after another gets killed with his eyes wide opened.

‘’Fight me. Don’t run if you have skill. Don’t run!!!’’ Bai San yells madly. But even if he yells more it will still be useless. The mounted bandits are killed successively. Even though some mounted bandits try to flee on their horses, their attempts prove to be pointless.

Because... Qin Yu is even much faster than horses.

Qin Yu jumps into the air and performs a tornado kick which ruthlessly hits a panic-stricken mounted bandit in a side of the head -- it is exactly the temple. The mounted bandit’s head is crushed on the spot. He falls down onto the ground and dies instantly. Qin Yu lands lightly as if floating and coldly looks at the last mounted bandit -- Bai San.

In a mere minute, 50 mounted bandits are all dead except for one -- Bai San, the number three man of the Black Wind mounted bandit troop.

Bai San is holding his scimitar. His only eye glitters nonstop while his throat utters low yowls. In a mere minute, his subordinates are all dead. The Black Wind mounted bandit troop has lost a third of its power, how would Bai San not become terrified?

‘’Die!’’ Using his lightness art, Bai San charges at Qin Yu at top speed. The scimitar in his hand radiates ice-cold rays of light.

Qin Yu stands stock-still and watches Bai San charging. Bai San’s eye has reddened. The entire internal energy of his body is bursting forth and the scimitar in his hand is radiating rays of light. His body has also reached the maximum speed. He comes up to Qin Yu’s face in just a moment. Seeing that Qin Yu still does not make a movement, all of the surviving villagers around become worried. But at this moment --

In just a swinging movement of his body, Qin Yu has unexpectedly arrived at Bai San’s side. From there he directly hits Bai San’s knee with a kick.

‘’Clack!’’ The sides of the knee have the weakest resistance and therefore it is smashed in an instant. ‘’Ah!’’ Bai San immediately utters a miserable cry. His body shakes. At the same time Qin Yu’s right hand forms a claw and catches hold of Bai San’s wrist in a grab. The powerful strength of the fingers is suddenly exerted.

Along with the sound of bones being shattered, Bai San’s right wrist is completely destroyed.

‘’Bang!’’

Using a spear hand strike, Qin Yu directly hits a vital point on Bai San’s throat. He focuses his entire power on the tip of the spear hand and explosively sends forth the most powerful penetrating force he is capable of. After a clear sound is heard, Bai San, with his eyes popping, falls down on the ground with a loud sound. He can never get up again.

In just a bit over a minute, an entire 50 strong group of the Black Wind mounted bandit troop has been exterminated!

.

End of b1c19.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1, 20
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C20: Life or death (1)

Various horse neighs rise nonstop. Because the mounted bandits are all dead, these horses get confused. They scatter and gallop away, creating tumbling clouds of dust which cover the former battlefield for a while. The dust enfolds Qin Yu in the middle of the battlefield.

The living villagers all look at the blur of Qin Yu’s body in the middle of the dust in astonishment. Originally, in the eyes of them, Qin Yu was only a kind-hearted polite juvenile. Who could believe that just now this juvenile annihilated an entire group of mounted bandits which they think was extremely terrifying in just a little while. The mounted bandits could not even put up any kinds of resistance.

Everybody’s eyes all focus on Qin Yu. But at this moment, he is gasping for breath with his head held low.

No one knows what Qin Yu is thinking. Because he is gasping for breath with his head held low, no one sees his facial expression. They have no way to imagine the turmoil in Qin Yu’s heart at the moment. Even though he was extremely resolute when he was killing the bandits, this is after all the first time he has ever killed someone.

The first time!

Qin Yu treats people very sincerely so it is very difficult for him to have an intention of killing someone. Just moments ago, because he saw that lovely Xiao Lu had had her arm cut off and that several tens pure and simple villagers had been killed, his killing intent surged up. In the heat of his fury, he killed every single mounted bandit.

‘’Did I do the right thing?’’ Qin Yu’s mind is a bit terrified.

Even though he is strong-willed, after all he is still only a 13 year old juvenile, only a juvenile. If a juvenile who normally treats people sincerely and kindly killed 50 people in one go, even if he was more strong-willed than Qin Yu is, he would still become terrified.

Qin Yu’s body cannot help starting to tremble.

‘’Xiao Yu.’’ Tie Shan runs up to Qin Yu and strokes his shoulders. Qin Yu raises his head. His eyes are having a hint of irresolution.

‘’Xiao Yu, I know what you are feeling because this is also the first time I’ve killed someone. But you must understand they were fiends. They deserved to die. If you hadn’t killed them, they would’ve slaughtered the whole village. Killing an evil man can save 100 people. Evil men of this kind should be killed. Moreover, they should be exterminated!’’ Tie Shan says while staring at Qin Yu. The bottom of his heart is still filled with hatred as before. The death of his father and the severed arm of his sister have made him even more furious at those mounted bandits.

Qin Yu’s body slightly shakes once.

‘’Killing an evil man can save 100 people.’’ Qin Yu mumbles to himself. His head is being held low as before.

Tie Shan cannot see the expression on head-bowing Qin Yu’s face so he does not know what Qin Yu is thinking. After a while, Qin Yu finally raises his head. His eyes are shining brilliantly. He turns to Tie Shan on his side and says: ‘’Thank you, Da Shan. I think ... I already understand.’’

Suddenly, Qin Yu has a faint smile on his face: ‘’Da Shan, why haven’t you quickly gone help other people?’’

‘’Ah, you’re right.’’ Tie Shan’s mind has also been completely clouded by hatred. After being reminded by Qin Yu, he immediately starts to help the seriously injured villagers together with the other villagers.

In Xiao Lu’s home,

With a very white face, Xiao Lu is lying on the bed. Qin Yu is quietly watching her from a side of the bed. With a very complicated expression he thinks: ‘’Xiao Lu, sorry. I was late. Sorry. I’m really sorry.’’ After getting the black iron battle knife and the cloth doll in the princely mansion, he went for a good stroll in Yan City before returning.

If he had come back a bit faster, perhaps Xiao Lu would not have had her arm cut off.

‘’I’m sorry.’’ As soon as Qin Yu remembers how Xiao Lu held a bowl of tea in both hands and gave it to him to drink, his heart aches and his eyes are full of mournfulness.

Suddenly --

Qin Yu stands up. His eyes glitter with startling cold rays of light. Staring outside the window, Qin Yu’s resolute face emits an indescribable radiance: ‘’Father, big brother and second brother said, there are 10 billion people on the Qian Long continent, including all kinds of people. I mustn’t take advantage of anyone’s benevolence and should treat people sincerely. But these few malicious people ought to be killed, killed until none of them is left!!!’’

Qin Yu’s eyes are blazing.

Qin Zheng, Qin Feng and East Vanquishing Prince Qin De have all been worried about Qin Yu because he is too kind-hearted and on the Qian Long continent where only the fittest survive he will be at a big disadvantage with this kind of mindset. But Qin De, Qin Zheng and Qin Feng also believe that Qin Yu will grasp how to conduct in society because in the history of the Qin clan there has never been anyone who is so kind-hearted. The Qin clan’s people all have a sanguinary determination in the depths of their veins.

‘’But ... the fight just now really made my blood boil with excitement.’’ Qin Yu’s eyes glitter. His head is full of the scenes of the fight just now -- used the minimum amounts of power, hit the most vital points, made every bit of strength explosively send forth the most powerful offensive force, used the top speed, directly killed the opponents.

In close-quarters combat, life or death is decided quickly in a moment.

‘’Among them, only the one-eyed man was a bit difficult. The other men were too weak. Only by fighting experts of the same level as mine can I experience the passion of fighting. Unleashing the most powerful fighting power on the border between life and death, burning the passion of life ... this is just like a meteor.’’ Qin Yu recalls the sight of the meteors.

At this moment Tie Shan enters the room. He goes directly to the side of Xiao Lu’s bed then looks at her little face. Their mother passed away when she was giving birth to Xiao Lu due to difficult labor. Now that their father is also dead, Xiao Lu has become Tie Shan’s only one relative.

‘’Xiao Lu, I’m sorry. Big brother is really sorry.’’ Tie Shan gently strokes Xiao Lu’s face. His expression is very mournful.

‘’Da Shan.’’ Qin Yu walks to Tie Shan’s side and pats his shoulder to console him. They both tenderly look at Xiao Lu, who is still sleeping deeply. They cannot imagine how she will take all of this after she wakes up.

******

At the moment, the Black Wind mounted bandit troop is taking a rest at Mount Luoting not far from the village.

‘’Big brother, it seems wrong. Why hasn’t that brat Bai San come? It’s been a long time.’’ A middle-aged man whose body is fully covered in a black robe comes to that barbarous man’s side and says with a frown. This middle-aged man is none other than Gu Ming, the number two of the Black Wind mounted bandit troop. His internal energy is very profound. It is said that he has reached the late phase of the Houtian level. He is far superior to the third brother of the Black Wind mounted bandit troop.

The barbarous man has a very strong and large body. His muscles are also extremely developed. In theory, a person of a muscular build is simple-minded. But even the second brother Gu Ming of the Black Wind mounted bandit troop is extremely frightened of this big brother, not only because he is powerful, but also because he has a savage heart.

Wu Tuan, the big brother of the Black Wind mounted bandit troop, has reached the peak of the Houtian level. His internal energy is exceptionally terrifying. The third brother Bai San could not even take a strike from him.

‘’Humph!’’ Wu Tuan utters a cold humph and stands up. Suddenly he gives the rock beside him a slap. That rock shakes once then completely shatters into pieces with a boom. Countless rock fragments scatter over a wide area on the ground. In terms of overall power, this Wu Tuan can be comparable to the 8 external experts from whom Qin Yu could choose his master at that time. He is much more powerful than the current Qin Yu. It can be thought that the Black Wind mounted bandit troop’s notoriety has been gained by Wu Tuan alone.

Cold rays of light radiate from the eyes of black-robed Wu Tuan.

‘’Trash, this piece of trash Bai San has really wasted so much time. Everybody follows me to take a look and see what has happened!’’ After Wu Tuan gets on his horse, he immediately gives an order. His voice sounds extremely chilling. Following the order, 100 mounted bandits including the second brother Gu Ming mount their horses at once.

‘’Go!’’

Wu Tuan gives an order and 100 mounted bandits immediately urge the horses to accelerate. They head for that village, which was just struck by disaster, at a gallop......

.

End of b1c20.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1 21
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C21: Life or death (2)

With his arms crossed on his chest, Qin Yu is watching the boundless sky through the window. A black eagle is quietly standing on his shoulder. Not long ago, when he was on the way back after leaving Yan City, the black eagle went to somewhere else. It only returned for a short while ago. Qin Yu knows the black eagle went to look for food. At Misty Villa, it is out to look for food during most of the time of a day.

‘’Mounted bandits are here again!’’

Various terrifying noises come in from outside the village. Qin Yu cannot help frowning. His feet can feel clearly the faint vibrations on the ground.

‘’Mounted bandits are coming again!’’ Tie Shan beside Xiao Lu suddenly stands up as soon as he hears that. He catches the black iron battle knife beside him in a grab. Qin Yu is already going toward the door of the room: ‘’Da Shan, very many people are coming. Perhaps there are about 100 of them!’’ As Qin Yu finishes saying, he has disappeared. The black eagle on his shoulder soars high into the sky.

Tie Shan immediately grasps the black iron battle knife. He charges toward the outside of the village while burning with killing intent.

Outside the village,

The barbarous-looking black-robed Wu Tuan goes to the side of Bai San’s corpse and examines it carefully.

‘’Oh, who could’ve thought this small place actually had an external expert.’’ Wu Tuan slightly raises the corners of his mouth and cast a disdainful look at those villagers before him. Those villagers have become extremely frightened. The axes and choppers in their hands are also trembling.

Wu Tuan gives a disdainful laugh then he glances over them. Suddenly his eyes totally focus on Qin Yu, who has just appeared, and carefully examine the clothes on Qin Yu’s body. Wu Tuan bursts out laughing: ‘’Amigo, it seems you don’t live in this small village.’’

Even though the style of Qin Yu’s clothes is common, Wu Tuan is shrewd and he can tell in a glance that Qin Yu’s clothes are made from extremely valuable materials and cannot be worn by ordinary people.

‘’Correct,’’ replies Qin Yu. ‘’You’re the leader of the Black Wind mounted bandit troop?’’

‘’Smart, is it you who killed Bai San?’’ Wu Tuan points at the body at his feet and asks in a very unconcerned manner. Qin Yu slightly nods. Seeing Qin Yu’s nod, Wu Tuan smiles broadly but the look in his eyes turns ice-cold.

‘’Knowing he was in our Black Wind mounted bandit troop, you still dared to do him in?’’ The energy on Wu Tuan’s body unexpectedly surges. The black robe he is wearing flutters in the air at once, revealing the terrifying muscles on Wu Tuan’s body. ‘’Brothers, what should we do?’’ Wu Tuan looks at the men behind him.

‘’Kill!’’ All of the mounted bandits have become extremely furious after seeing those 50 corpses. At this moment they all raise their battle knives.

Wu Tuan looks at Qin Yu: ‘’Little brother, we two will play with each other. The loser will die, alright?’’

Qin Yu’s body slightly moves. His whole body emits cracking sounds. His 10 fingers slightly curl up. With blazing eyes, he looks at Wu Tuan in front of him: “You must be stronger than that Bai San, right? Don’t disappoint me.”

‘’Second bro, slaughter this village. Let me play with this brat.’’ Wu Tuan gives the order very nonchalantly.

“Yes, big brother!”

Gu Ming’s eyes immediately shine. He says with excitement: ‘’Brothers, slaughter this village. Remember, leave some women alive. Ha-ha, let’s roll!’’ A flexible sword suddenly appears in Gu Ming’s hand. He stands aside and watches Wu Tuan and Qin Yu. He unexpectedly does not intend to take part in the forthcoming massacre. In his eyes, killing the ordinary people in the village is simply not worthy of the participation of a late-phase Houtian expert like him.

‘’What? Slaughter the village?’’ Qin Yu is shocked. His mind immediately becomes very anxious.

‘’No matter what, I won’t let them massacre the village. To catch the bandits, first catch the leader. I’ll kill this big brother first and talk later.’’ Qin Yu makes a dash. Like a floating cotton fiber in a breeze, his body follows a fantastic path of movement and arrives at Wu Tuan’s face.

“Very fast speed, very exquisite body-maneuvering skill,” thinks Wu Tuan to himself, secretly startled. But his body remains motionless.

Pu!

A low sweeping kick is executed. Qin Yu usually trains the strength of his legs under the waterfall, add to that he often does weight-carrying deep squats or weight-carrying long-distance running, therefore his legs has been experiencing the largest strength training load possible. On Qin Yu’s whole body, legs are the parts with the most powerful offensive force.

Right in his first attempt, Qin Yu uses his strongest strike.

Bang!

Qin Yu’s right leg ruthlessly hits Wu Tuan’s foot. “What?” Qin Yu’s face suddenly changes color greatly. A terrifying stream of energy suddenly transfers to his leg from Wu Tuan’s foot. Not only does it ward off Qin Yu’s strike easily, it also proceeds to attack Qin Yu.

‘’Go die!’’ Using a high cleaving kick, Wu Tuan slashes his leg downward like a big chopper. Qin Yu immediately makes a push with his hands and his whole body shoots up into the air like a bird. Soon afterwards he does a flip and runs away.

Wu Tuan’s leg fiercely smashes onto the ground, creating a resounding thunderous noise and causing a lot of dust to fly up. When the dust has disappeared, a large hole is revealed before everybody’s eyes. Since a mere kick was already so powerful, Wu Tuan’s real power, no doubt, is extremely terrifying.

“Rotten brat.” Wu Tuan suddenly rages.

Clack!

Qin Yu extends his hand and forms a claw. He immediately grabs and breaks a vital point of a mounted bandit’s spine. His body continuously makes dashes. Agile like a catkin in a breeze, and fast like lightning, Qin Yu’s body, whose flexibility and toughness have reached a very high level through training, performs his body-maneuvering skill perfectly. He flashes back and forth through various mounted bandits.

One strike -- someone dies!

Basically, no time is wasted. Wherever he goes to, the mounted bandits at that place will only die.

‘’That guy is so terrifying. Having practiced his internal technique to that extent, according to Grandpa Lian, he should be one of those experts who have reached the peak of internal practice. Perhaps he’s in the same league as the 8 external experts at that time. He is really too strong. My attack simply can’t break his defense.’’ Qin Yu is shaken up. ‘’I must take care of these normal mounted bandit first.’’

Qin Yu’s original plan was “to catch the bandits, first catch the leader” but it later failed. Worried that too many villagers will be killed, he has decided to annihilate the normal mounted bandits first.

All the normal mounted bandits have become extremely frightened. This juvenile is really too terrifying. He can destroy anyone of them with a strike whereas they are not internal experts. These normal mounted bandits are much weaker than Bai San in overall power. Even Bai San was killed by Qin Yu with ease, then how can these men put up any resistance?

‘’Brothers, let’s kill him together.’’ A mounted bandit shouts loudly. The other mounted bandits suddenly come to their senses and stop bother themselves with killing villagers. Then so many people join together and attack Qin Yu.

‘’Be careful,’’ shouts Tie Shan hurriedly. The other villagers who are watching also fear for Qin Yu.

But Qin Yu gives an unconcerned smile.

“Attack together? When the speed of my body-maneuvering skill reaches its limit, I wouldn’t get a tiny scratch even if surrounded by a large army. Now there are no more than several tens mounted bandits, what do they amount to?” Qin Yu’s body charges into the middle of the mounted bandits like lightning.

Even though these mounted bandits hurriedly slash at him in a chaotic manner, Qin Yu avoids their strikes with no difficulty. Every time he executes a kick or throws a punch, he can kill a mounted bandit with ease.

‘’Brat, if you have skill then don’t hide.’’ Wu Tuan rushes at him at a very fast speed.

‘’This fellow is too strong. It’s better to get away first.’’ Qin Yu spreads his body and greatly increases the range of his movements. From the periphery of the crowd he successively kills the normal mounted bandits. Even though Wu Tuan’s overall power is very great, in terms of body-maneuvering skills, he seems to be inferior to Qin Yu.

‘’Second bro, quickly come here!’’ Wu Tuan shouts loudly.

That Gu Ming immediately charges forward. Unlike in the other aspects, his lightness art and body-maneuvering skill are a bit better than Wu Tuan’s. But facing Qin Yu’s unusual body-maneuvering skill, he still cannot do anything. He sees Qin Yu in front of him but at the next moment Qin Yu has gone several meters away to one side.

“Ah!’’

With his eyes wide opened, a mounted bandit utters a miserable shrill scream but his head immediately flies into the air because Qin Yu’s extremely fast piercing kick has unexpectedly decapitated him outright. This is the last normal mounted bandit. In just about 5 minutes, nearly 100 mounted bandits have been annihilated.

Qin Yu had to slow his attack speed down to this extent mostly because there have been 2 great experts Wu Tuan and Gu Ming around him.

Whizz!

Qin Yu makes a push with his feet. His body shoots up into the sky. Unexpectedly he jumps onto a fork of a tree outside the village and stands on the tree’s fork. Qin Yu coldly looks at the 2 great experts below him.

‘’This bastard dared to kill all of my brothers. I’ll definitely tear him apart!!!’’ Wu Tuan is extremely furious. His entire power bursts forth. The black robe on his body is unexpectedly blown up into rags, which drift up in the air. There are various visible streams of energy revolving around Wu Tuan’s body. The muscles of his whole body are still vibrating.

Impertinent Bull Power -- even though it is an internal technique, it is one which combines muscle strength with internal methodology. In addition to being born with great strength, Wu Tuan has been practicing the Impertinent Bull Power. Therefore, thanks to the combination of internal and external strengths, he has really reached the peak of the Houtian level. His overall power is terrifyingly strong.

‘’Big brother, let me cut him up alive!’’ Gu Ming’s eyes radiate with coldness and cruelty. His internal energy is rolling in his body. In terms of internal energy alone, he and Wu Tuan are on a par. Only thanks to the combination of internal energy and physical strength can Wu Tuan be more powerful than he is. How can ordinary people like Bai San compare with these 2 great experts?

Looking at the 2 great experts before him, Qin Yu complains bitterly to himself: “That big brother of the mounted bandits has reached the peak of the Houtian level and can compare with the 8 external experts at that time. This flexible-sword-wielding second brother of the mounted bandits isn’t far from him in power. Moreover his weapon is the flexible sword of the heterodox schools. If he channels internal energy into it, his attack will definitely be extremely odd.’’

.

End of b1c21.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 1 22
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B1C22: Life or death (3)

‘’It doesn’t matter which one of them I’ll fight head-on, I won’t have much chance of winning.’’ In a short while, Qin Yu makes a comparison between their power levels. At the present he also does not know what he should do. After all he is still no more than a 13 year old juvenile. Even though he can be considered an external expert, he is still far from reaching the level of external great-masters such as Zhao Yunxing.

The only things on which Qin Yu can depend are his body-maneuvering skill and close-quarters offensive techniques which he has researched and figured out on his own.

‘’Die, brat!’’ Gu Ming shouts furiously. His eyes radiate ice-cold rays of light. He straightens his sword tightly and points it at Qin Yu. His whole body shoots up into the sky like an arrow leaving a bow and flies directly toward the tree fork where Qin Yu is standing.

Qin Yu’s body immediately moves. Agile like a monkey, he moves around the big tree down onto the ground.

‘’Stay where you are!’’ Gu Ming immediately charges down from the tree fork. However Qin Yu gives a cold laugh: ‘’Never knew a mounted bandit leader can also use a sneak attack.’’ As he is saying, he has already gone away 10 meters. The place where he was standing just now has been smashed into a large hole by Wu Tuan with a kick.

‘’You actually knew I was attacking from behind. You’ve got some skill.’’ Wu Tuan raises his eyebrows.

But Qin Yu feels confident. What are the principles of his body-maneuvering skill? They are to feel wind’s forces, and to turn wind resistance into assistance. It can be said that even with his eyes closed Qin Yu can still use his body to feel the wind forces around him easily.

Whenever a person around him makes a movement, it causes the wind to change and naturally Qin Yu can detect that. This is also the secret of how, when Qin Yu was being ganged up on by a lot of people, he could still evade easily and kill fast like a wave of the hand.

‘’Want to sneak up on me? Dream on!’’ Qin Yu stares at the 2 big enemies. He is extremely furious.

‘’Second bro, this brat’s body-maneuvering skill is strange, let’s attack together!’’ Wu Tuan gives an order. Gu Ming and Wu Tuan immediately activate the internal energy in their bodies and charge toward Qin Yu together at top speeds. At their top speeds Gu Ming and Wu Tuan cause strong winds but Qin Yu is the contrary.

He makes swinging movements with his body in a very skillful and relaxed manner. Even though his speed is fast, he is creating very few sounds of wind. Only someone near him can hear the sounds.

‘’My body-maneuvering skill is not completed yet. If it was completed, I would be fast like lightning without causing any wind.’’ Qin Yu secretly sighs. But at this moment he hears the sharp sounds of the winds caused by the 2 men at his back. Qin Yu gives a disdainful smile. In just a while, he has already gone away several hundred meters, leaving the 2 men far behind him.

‘’Don’t run!’’ Wu Tuan and Gu Ming are extremely furious but they can do nothing. In front of them, Qin Yu’s whole body is powerful like a hunting leopard and nimble like a cunning hare. They cannot even hear the wind sounds caused by the very fast movements of his whole body.

‘’Hey, two old farts, catch me if you can,’’ says Qin Yu laughingly. Taking on 2 opponents, he has no chance of winning. Therefore he can only depend on his body-maneuvering skill.

Qin Yu runs away. The 2 men at his back hurriedly chase after him, but the more they chase the more furious and exasperated they get. They simply have no way to catch up with Qin Yu. Furthermore, as they chase him, the distance between them and Qin Yu grows longer. Qin Yu continuously mocks them with words. Suddenly --

‘’Brat, if you keep running I’ll slaughter the whole village.’’ Wu Tuan suddenly shouts loudly. As if struck by lightning, Qin Yu’s body stops moving.

‘’What do you want to do!’’ Qin Yu slowly turns around and coldly looks at the 2 men not far from him.

‘’Ha-ha, finally you’ve stopped running.’’ Wu Tuan raises his head and says with loud laughs. Then he stares at Qin Yu like a poisonous scorpion: “You still asked what I want to do? You killed those 100 brothers of mine and you still asked what I want to do? Ha-ha-ha, this is really laughable, man!!!”

Gu Ming beside him laughs coldly while looking at Qin Yu.

‘’Just keep running. You can run yourself, but those villagers won’t get away. This small village also has several hundred people. It’ll be very easy to kill them all. Why aren’t you running, brat?’’ asks Wu Tuan while looking at Qin Yu. He seems very doubtful.

Seeing the expression on Wu Tuan’s face, Qin Yu has only 1 word to describe him in his mind -- psycho!

‘’Xiao Yu, quickly run, don’t care about us. Quickly run!’’ Tie Shan shouts loudly. He is so worried that his whole face has reddened. Just now he saw Wu Tuan smash a large hole into the ground with a mere kick. Then he saw that Qin Yu had no intention of killing him in one blow as he did ordinary mounted bandits. Instead, Qin Yu kept running. Therefore, he knows that Qin Yu is obviously no match for these 2 mounted bandit leaders.

Qin Yu’s face is expressionless. He only stares at Wu Tuan and Gu Ming before him.

‘’You’re very good, very chivalrous, right? Who could’ve thought you wouldn’t run because of these worthless people?’’ Wu Tuan clenches his fists, creating various cracking sounds immediately. He laughs coldly while looking at Qin Yu: ‘’Brat, you’re very righteous. I don’t want you to tie your own hands and surrender. I only want you to stop running and have a fight with me.’’

“Cut the crap! If you want to fight me then fight me!” Qin Yu’s face is still expressionless as before.

Wu Tuan is startled. Then he laughs out loud: ‘’I respect you. You’re a little juvenile but you’re so righteous and chivalrous. Too bad, chivalrous men will all die in the end.’’ As he is saying he takes one step after another toward Qin Yu.

Qin Yu’s mind is calm. He focuses all of his attention on Wu Tuan’s body. He knows Wu Tuan’s overall power is far superior to his therefore he must be calm and must get hold of the enemy’s weak points. He has no choice but to wait for the opponent to make a mistake to deliver a fatal blow.

‘’Ha-ha, taste my fist!’’ Wu Tuan has come near Qin Yu. Suddenly his body charges ferociously at him like a buffalo. The internal energy of the peak-Houtian Impertinent Bull Power internal technique inside his body completely bursts forth. All of his muscles bulge out and his blue veins stick out even more. There are various streams of energy revolving around his right fist. No one can have any doubts about the power of this fist.

Qin Yu suddenly narrows his eyes. His body suddenly flies up with the wind like a butterfly. At the same time he extends his hand, forms a claw and fiercely grabs the joint of Wu Tuan’s right wrist.

‘’Break for me!’’ Qin Yu violently opens his eyes and utters a furious shout! At the same time the power of his right claw’s fingers totally bursts forth. His terrifying finger strength as a result of 5 years of limit training can easily rend a brick in a grab of a hand. Qin Yu’s finger strength is undoubtedly very great. At this moment, the place Qin Yu is grabbing is exactly the joint of the right wrist.

‘’Humph!’’ Wu Tuan gives a cold laugh.

‘’What?!’’ Qin Yu feels that his 5 fingers are attacked by a powerful sphere of energy and they tingle as if he is getting an electric shock. “No good!” Qin Yu simply has no time to continue to attack. He immediately squats down at a very fast speed and throws a palm strike at the ground with his left hand. His whole body springs up from the ground obliquely and escapes to one side.

“Hah!’’

Wu Tuan’s heavy leg whizzes to the place where Qin Yu was at a moment ago. If Qin Yu had been a bit slower, he would have been hit by Wu Tuan’s kick.

Qin Yu’s face suddenly changes color. He also immediately makes a dash. Feeling an acute pain coming instantly from his left shoulder, he makes 2 more dashes. After getting away 10 meters, he turns around and coldly looks at Gu Ming, who has just sneaked up on him.

“So dangerous.’’ Qin Yu stares at Gu Ming. However, his left shoulder is hurting terribly and also leaking blood nonstop.

When he just escaped from Wu Tuan’s attack a moment ago, that Gu Ming had already prepared a sneak attack. Soon after Qin Yu stood still, Gu Ming’s flexible sword, aimed directly at a vital point of his heart, also reached his back. Luckily Qin Yu’s body made a movement sideways and therefore this fatal sword blow only pierced his left shoulder.

‘’Your reaction was really quite fast. Even this couldn’t kill you.’’ Gu Ming sticks out his tongue and has a taste of the blood on his sword. Then with his eyes wide opened, he says in excitement: “Your blood tastes really good. Very fresh and clean, without another taste mixed into it. You must be a virgin boy, right?’’

But Qin Yu is thinking about how to deal with these 2 men.

Even though his own power is pretty good, he cannot compare with Wu Tuan, who has been practicing the Impertinent Bull Power to the peak of the Houtian level and was born with great strength. That man Gu Ming is even more like a poisonous snake. That flexible sword can attack sneakily at any time.

‘’Don’t run. If you run I’ll slaughter the villagers.’’ Wu Tuan walks up to him while laughing menacingly.

Looking at Wu Tuan in front of him then looking at those pitiful villagers, who do not seem to have any power to resist, Qin Yu cannot help clenching his fists. But he feels the continual burning pains coming from his left shoulder. At least ... his left hand’s offence will be negatively affected.

‘’Speed, that Wu Tuan’s speed is slower than mine. Use speed.’’ Qin Yu secretly decides.

‘’Die, brat!’’ Wu Tuan gives a cold laugh and suddenly smashes his bulrush-fan-like big hand down. Agile like a monkey, Qin Yu moves to one side and throws a punch at Wu Tuan’s armpit with his entire power. Wu Tuan easily blocks this blow simply by withdrawing his arm.

‘’Bam!’’ Qin Yu’s right fist hits Wu Tuan’s shoulder but it seems to have hit a rock.

‘’Your attack is too weak,’’ says Wu Tuan disdainfully. Indeed, the Impertinent Bull Power fuses his internal energy with his muscle strength so his defense is extremely strong. He is as effective in defense as one who has reached the peak of the Violent Training of the Thirteen Great Protectors. Qin Yu’s attack basically cannot break his defense.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ......

Qin Yu’s whole body is moving extremely fast. With his hands, he uses various forms of hand strikes such as punches, knife hand strikes, and spear hand strikes to try to attack different vital points nonstop. But Wu Tuan’s defense is too terrifying. He carefully protects the points which are truly fatal. As for the other places such as joints, Qin Yu is simply unable to overcome their defense.

‘’Die!’’ While Qin Yu is facing Wu Tuan, a cold light suddenly flashes in his eye. His killing blow is finally executed. He has been waiting for this opportunity -- an opportunity to attack a vital point. The Yu Clan’s One Sword must kill the enemy in one hit because if the first strike fails, the second strike will encounter the enemy’s preparations.

‘’What?!’’ Wu Tuan can only feel a shaft of black light flashing by --

Yu Clan’s One Sword, Concealing Sword -- Drawing Sword!

When Qin Yu was delivering a knife hand strike with his right hand, a black short sword suddenly appeared in his hand. This happened so fast that Wu Tuan was not even allowed any time to react. The Yuchang sword turned into a shaft of black light and directly slashed at Wu Tuan’s throat. The Impertinent Bull Power energy inside Wu Tuan’s body automatically bursts forth, but ... the Yuchang sword is definitely not an ordinary sword. It is one of the Xian-grade swords, albeit only low Xian-grade. The Yuchang sword easily cuts through Wu Tuan’s Impertinent Bull Power energy and slits hit throat!

‘’Pu!’’ Blood splatters. Wu Tuan’s eyes are full of unwillingness. Originally he could kill this brat with ease. He was only playing with Qin Yu. In his eyes, this brat simply had no way to even scratch his defense. But by playing with Qin Yu, he threw his own life away in the end -- He has been killed by a juvenile.

......

‘’Die!’’ Gu Ming, who has been waiting for a chance, utters a loud shout. When Qin Yu’s Yuchang sword has just slit Wu Tuan’s throat, Gu Ming’s flexible sword has already reached his back. Qin Yu simply has no time to dodge. It looks like he will get killed soon.

Gu Ming’s eyes are filled with cruelty and bloodthirstiness. All of the villagers become terrified. At this moment Qin Yu does not even have enough time to think. Gu Ming’s eyes even radiate excitement as he knows the juvenile before him will die at his hands.

“Ah!’’

Suddenly a pair of sharp claws descends from the sky and ruthlessly grabs Gu Ming’s head. Gu Ming has his whole body pulled up into the air and dies on the spot. At the same time, a series of eagle cries resound through the sky. At this moment, Qin Yu is looking at the body of Wu Tuan, who died due to having his throat slit, in front of him. Then, as he looks at the body of Gu Ming, whose head was crushed by a grab, he gets frightened in retrospect.

He looks up. Xiao Hei is looking at him with its sharp eyes.

“Thank you, Xiao Hei.”

Qin Yu lets out a deep sigh. Only at this moment does his back break a cold sweat while his heart skips a beat. He was a hair’s breadth away from being killed. There is no way to describe clearly the feeling of struggling on the border between life and death. Qin Yu’s heart has also changed gradually.

‘’Perhaps ... I should modify my training methods a bit.’’ Looking into the boundless sky, Qin Yu secretly makes a decision. In this battle Qin Yu killed 150 men and, moreover, he almost died. Other people simply cannot imagine the effects that this battle has on Qin Yu.

.

End of b1c22.

End of book 1.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2, 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Book 2: Meteoric Tear

B2C1: Qin Yu after 8 years (1)

Time goes by. It has been 3 years since that great battle between only one person and more than 100 mounted bandits at the hamlet. Qin Yu has also changed from an 8 year old kid who clenched his teeth to train very hard into a real 16-year-old external expert. 16 years old is the standard age at which a person is considered an adult on the Qian Long continent.

Xiao Lu was seriously injured and Qin Yu took her to Misty Villa to recuperate. Tie Shan was also taken to Misty Villa to start to train in martial arts under the guidance of the experts at Misty Villa. The father and mother of the two had both passed away so they moved into Misty Villa free of burdens, only that they often return to the village to take a look.

Breezes are blowing and sweeping fallen leaves up in the air. Outside the main entrance of Misty Villa, 2 guards are chatting to each other in a relatively relaxed manner.

‘’Xiao Tian, this time Third Prince seems to have been out for a half month without returning, right?’’ A guard with a relatively advanced age looks at the 20-something year old guard on the other side of the entrance and says laughingly.

The young guard nods and says with a smile: ‘’Since Third Prince returned 3 years ago, he has often gone out. It’s usual for him to go out for 10 days or a half month. But Third Prince has been trying real hard in practice. Every time he returns from the outside world, he stays at Misty Villa for a few days, but he even spends every single one of those days to train desperately until it is late.’’ Saying up to here, the young guard sighs emotionally.

The elderly guard shakes his head and says: ‘’Xiao Tian, you don’t know about this. You’ve been here for only a few years so you still don’t know how hard-working Third Prince actually is in training. At that time Third Prince was just 8 year old but his training then was so terrifying that us crack soldiers couldn’t even bear to see it. 8 year old, you couldn’t have imagined. At age 8, the kids of the other families are all playing but Third Prince trained from dawn till dusk. That kind of training must’ve been much more painful than the training of the Fierce Tiger Corps!’’

The young guard nods.

All of the crack soldiers and servants at Misty Villa have liked and felt sorry for Qin Yu since the beginning. After seeing his limit training, these crack soldiers and servants even started to admire him in their minds. But for the last 3 years, East Vanquishing Prince Qin De has only visited Misty Villa once.

‘’Xiao Tian, see, Third Prince has returned!’’ The elderly guard’s eyes suddenly brighten as he points high toward the sky and says. The young guard also looks up promptly.

High in the sky, a huge black eagle is soaring with wings spread. This black eagle is even over one size bigger than a normal eagle. The golden feathers on its head look like a crown. The eagle glances over various places down below with its lightning-like sharp eyes, radiating an extremely startling haughtiness. Its sharp claws shine with ice-cold rays of light. No one can have any doubts about their sharpness.

Such a huge eagle perhaps will be taller than even humans when it stands upright on the ground.

A black-clad young man is sitting with legs crossed on this black eagle, only that the eagle is flying too high so for the moment no one on the ground can see clearly how this young man looks.

Suddenly the huge black eagle dives down. The young man on back of the eagle also stands up. At this moment, the guards below can totally see the appearance of the young man. He is about 1.8 m tall and has well-defined facial features. There is always an amicable smiling expression on his face. However he is only wearing a black undershirt made from special materials and a pair of black pants. That black undershirt makes the young man’s muscles completely stand out.

‘’Xiao Hei, you can go find food yourself,’’ says the young man as he pats the black eagle’s back in a friendly manner. From approximately 100 m high in the air, he unexpectedly jumps off the back of the eagle directly and dives down at an extremely fast speed. His body is like a bolt of lightning and he lands on the ground in just a moment. He dived down at such an extreme speed yet he did not cause any sounds of wind.

“Third Prince!” The two guards kneel down and say respectfully at once.

‘’Uncle Lan, A’Tian, you are on duty today? All right, I’ll come in first. Let’s talk later.’’ Qin Yu says to the 2 guards with laughter. He does not insist that these guards, who he knows well, should not kneel down because he also understands that this is a rule of the princely mansion.

Qin Yu heads directly for the west garden. The servants he meets on the way are all pleasantly surprised.

‘’Hah, training hard outside is still not as comfortable as staying at the villa.’’ Qin Yu takes off the black undershirt on his body and throws it onto the ground, creating a bang. The noise of the undershirt smashing on the ground is unusually loud, as if a mass of iron has been smashed down.

This undershirt is made of black gold threads and is strangely heavy. Black gold is extremely valuable, 100 times as valuable as gold. Forging experts were asked to pull black gold into threads then make an undershirt with them. This 100 jin black gold undershirt therefore is a priceless item. The last time Qin De visited Misty Villa, he gave it to Qin Yu. Even if the black gold undershirt could not protect the body, it is still an exceptionally useful piece of equipment for weight-carrying training. Qin Yu naturally was very delighted to receive it.

Having taken off the guards on his arms and legs, Qin Yu relaxes his entire body.

A pair of black iron arm guards and a pair of black iron leg guards, added to that a black gold undershirt, and the total weight reaches 300 jin. Qin Yu never took them off even when he was out training hard or went to sleep. But at this moment he is going into the hot spring to take a bath. Without the 300 jin of weights on his body, Qin Yu feels very comfortable.

‘’Ha-ha, hot spring, I’ve missed you to death!’’ Qin Yu laughs out loud and says. Wearing only a pair of shorts and with nothing on the top half of his robust body, he jumps into the hot spring.

“Phew, it feels good, really good.” Qin Yu lets out a deep sigh comfortably. Even though Misty Villa’s hot spring can transform a body fantastically Qin Yu has often soaked in it since he was little and therefore it can no longer improve his body. However its fatigue-relieving effect is still as good as before.

When he has been soaking in the hot spring for a half hour, Lian Yan comes to the west garden.

‘’Xiao Yu, I knew you would come here once you returned. Almost your entire body has become relaxed, right? It’s time to get out.’’ However Lian Yan has been specifically waiting for a half hour. Only after estimating that Qin Yu’s whole body has become all but relaxed does he come here.

‘‘Wait a minute, Grandpa Lian.’’ Qin Yu washes the black gold undershirt, leg guards and arm guards on the shore of the hot spring then rushes directly into a room beside the hot spring. It is a locker room. In a short while, Qin Yu, having changed completely into clean clothes, comes out.

As Lian Yan looks at Qin Yu, his eyes are filled with kindness. Seeing that Qin Yu has become an adult from a kid, Lian Yan’s heart is full of satisfaction.

‘’Xiao Yu, it is your sixteenth birthday in 3 months. At that time your father will invite a lot of guests to the princely mansion and carry out a ceremony of adulthood for you. You must remember this. Don’t stroll about outside so far that you won’t be back in time for the ceremony of adulthood,’ says Lian Yan with a smile.

‘’Don’t worry. How can I forget my own birthday? Ceremony of adulthood, there’ll surely be a shocking number of people in the princely mansion at that time.’’ Qin Yu says with emotion. He remembers his second brother’s ceremony of adulthood 4 years ago. At that time there were also so many people that he was shocked.

‘’There’s no need to mention it. This is the ceremony of adulthood for a son of East Vanquishing Prince’s. Even the emperor will send people to attend it. Most of the rich and powerful people in the whole Chu kingdom will also come,’ says Lian Yan with a laugh, but also with a hint of haughtiness. After all East Vanquishing Prince has a high status in the Chu kingdom. It can be said that he is second only to the Chu emperor. ‘’Alright, Xiao Yu, I won’t trouble you anymore. Ah, Xiao Shan and Xiao Lu both have returned to the village for a visit. You’re really unlucky with your return this time.’’

‘’Well, I even found it strange just now. Every time I returned before, Xiao Lu immediately came to find me. But today she hasn’t come yet. So that’s the reason.’’ Qin Yu nods and says laughingly. Then Lian Yan leaves. Qin Yu immediately goes to his familiar training ground.

On one side of the training ground, there are various blue rocks. The smallest of them weighs only 100 jin, but the heaviest is over 1000 jin.

“Hah!”

Qin Yu’s eyes suddenly brighten. Uttering a low shout and using a kick with his tiptoes, he unexpectedly sends a 300 jin blue rock flying 7 or 8 meters up in the air. Qin Yu extends his right hand and with only this hand he grabs and stops this 300 jin blue rock completely. After holding the rock in the air for about 10 seconds, he makes a shaking movement with his right hand and conveniently throws it to one side.

‘’Supporting 300 jin with one arm while carrying weights is almost my current limit.’’ Qin Yu secretly makes a judgement.

Because his arm can lift 300 jin, when he throws a punch, the offensive force of the punch will be really terrifying. It can even be heavier than 1000 jin. After all, what weight an arm can lift and the offensive force of a punch are totally different things. Today, if Qin Yu encountered Wu Tuan again, he would definitely be able to kill Wu Tuan without resorting to the Yuchang sword.

Still wearing weights on his body, Qin Yu goes into the middle of the sandbag formation. Sandbags are hung all around him. If a sandbag moves, the other sandbags will move as well. Therefore the sensitivity requirement of training with them is very high.

Bang!

Qin Yu suddenly throws a punch. The sandbag he hit immediately moves. The other sandbags also move. The sandbags around Qin Yu ram into each other. Qin Yu, however, closes his eyes with a smile. His fists easily punch any sandbag which approaches him.

If the truth be told, Qin Yu’s speed at the moment is not fast at all, but he is still warding off the attack of all the sandbags.

He can do this thanks to his profound body-maneuvering skill. Whenever a sandbag comes at him, it causes changes in the wind. Depending on the changes of the wind, Qin Yu can easily ward off every single strike of the sandbags. In fact, at the moment Qin Yu would not be able to move faster even if he wanted to because he is carrying 300 jin of weights. If he could still move like lightning under these conditions, he would be too terrifying.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ......

Following a series of explosive noises, every sandbag has been burst by Qin Yu with a single punch. At this moment, Qin Yu finally opens his eyes. There is a hint of a satisfied smile on his face. “The body-maneuvering skill I created myself -- the Seven North Stars Moonlight Dance -- is really not bad after its completion.’’

At this moment Qin Yu remembers the battle that night -- how he himself killed the opponent with the Yuchang sword in the moonlight. Because this body-maneuvering skill uses the Seven North Stars principle of Qi Men Dun Jia as its foundation, and it was completed in the moonlight, it has been named the Seven North Stars Moonlight Dance. After this body-maneuvering skill was completed, not only can Qin Yu confuse the enemy with the effects of Qi Men Dun Jia, he also does not experience any wind resistance and does not cause any wind noises when moving.

.

End of b2c1.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C2: Qin Yu after 8 years (2)

A month later, on a street of a city, it is already late at night so there is not a soul to be seen. The cold winds, which are sharp like knives, cause sumptuously-dressed Hao Tan, who is standing in the middle of the street, to narrow his eyes uncontrollably. His entire attention is being focused on a silvery-masked man before him.

This silvery-masked man is about 1.75 m tall and is standing with his arms crossed on the street. The silvery mask only reveals his mouth, nose and eyes.

‘’Hao Tan, quickly prepare well, I’ll get started soon,’’ says the silvery-masked man with an ice-cold voice.

‘’Oh, since when have the Heavenly Net’s silver card assassins been so righteous?” Hao Tan says with a cold laugh. ‘’Silver card assassins, only the assassins who have killed peak-Houtian experts can have the qualifications to get a silvery mask. Too bad ... assassins all hide in the dark and use sneak attacks. If you had sneaked up on me, you might’ve been successful, but you intercepted me on the street...’’

Hao Tan is confident. His power has reached the peak of the Houtian level. A silver card assassin is also a peak-Houtian expert so the two of them are on a par. This assassin before him must be out of his head to have intercepted him openly. Hao Tan thus feels confident.

‘’This is bad. Who holds such a grudge against me that he issued a mission to kill me at the Heavenly Net? If it’s true then this is terrible.’’ Hao Tan’s head cannot help breaking a cold sweat.

The Heavenly Net is undoubtedly the number one assassination organization. Its history is longer than 1000 years and its influence has spread throughout the whole Qian Long continent. Its foundation is even more profound than that of the 3 big dynasties. The 3 big dynasties also have no way to find out who the leader of this Heavenly Net organization is. The Heavenly Net is powerful, and no one has ever had any doubts about this.

The Heavenly Net is divided into Inner Net and Outer Net.

The Inner Net is made up of the assassins whom the Heavenly Net trains by itself and who are absolutely loyal to the Heavenly Net. The Outer Net consists of some mercenary experts. These experts do not want to pledge allegiance to and join the Heavenly Net therefore they have become members of the Outer Net.

The membership of the Outer Net is very complicated. Even a great master might be one of its members. But it does not matter who a member is, they do not know the identities of the other Outer Net members. Even the Heavenly Net itself has never investigated the real identities of the Outer Net members.

The assassins are divided into gold card, silver card and copper card. Copper card assassins are the ones who can kill middle-phase Houtian experts. Silver card assassins are the ones who can kill peak Houtian experts. And gold card assassins are the ones who can kill Xiantian experts.

The 2 great systems Inner Net and Outer Net of the Heavenly Net have enabled the organization to become an extremely terrifying entity. The Chu kingdom, the biggest kingdom on the Qian Long continent, has no more than approximately 100 Xiantian experts altogether but the Heavenly Net’s Outer Net already has over 20 gold card assassins. As for the Inner Net, no one knows how many gold card assassins there are in it. But no one doubts that the Inner Net’s experts are very fearsome.

This is the Heavenly Net, an assassin organization with more than 1000 years of uninterrupted history and more influence on the Qian Long continent than any of the 3 big dynasties has.

Because his own name has appeared on the mission board of the Heavenly Net, Hao Tan is worried.

‘‘Are you ready?’’ says the silvery-masked man indifferently. Hao Tan immediately focuses his entire attention on the silver card assassin before him. His internal energy starts to circulate at a very fast speed. In an instant he is ready to deliver the most powerful strike.

The corners of the silvery-mask man’s mouth slightly curve up all of a sudden. He is smiling.

Afterimages!

2 afterimages of the silvery-masked man’s entire body unexpectedly appear all of a sudden. One afterimage is ahead of the other. One is on the right hand side and the other is on the left. In a moment, a strong gust of air has reached Hao Tan’s face, causing his hair to flutter up. Hao Tan cannot help narrowing his eyes.

“What a frightening speed!” Hao Tan is startled. Only by concentrating energy in his eyes can he barely see the man’s shape. Unable to see anything else, Hao Tan starts to attack the shape in front of him madly. The various silhouettes of his legs spread all over the air and attack the whole body of the silvery-masked man.

“Ah!’’ Hao Tan suddenly feels an acute pain in his right foot. He cannot help uttering a miserable shout with his eyes protruding. At the same time he hears a clack sound of bones being broken while his whole body is sent flying. It subsequently smashes fiercely onto a wall on one side of the street.

The silvery-masked man’s frosty voice rises: “Your speed is still alright, but your explosiveness is too bad!”

In a mere moment, the silvery-masked man actually broke Hao Tan’s right ankle directly.

“Humph.” With one hand Hao Tan props himself against the wall and stands up. He looks at the silvery-masked man in front of him with hatred: “Your fingers are really strong. Your speed is also very fast. Too bad they’re not enough for you to kill me.’’ Hao Tan could feel how strong the enemy’s fingers are. They even broke the defense of his internal energy in a grab.

“Really?” The corners of the silvery-masked man curve up again. At the same time, his body becomes a blur and creates another afterimage.

Hao Tan immediately opens his eyes wide like 2 balls. His entire body’s internal energy is completely activated. He stares at the silvery-masked man with all of his attention: ‘’It doesn’t matter if my lifespan will greatly decrease, I must execute this one strike.’’ There is a hint of ruthlessness in Hao Tan’s eyes. His face becomes pasty at once.

The silvery-masked man seems to also notice Hao Tan’s changes but he continues to attack.

“Soul-Destroying Claw!”

Hao Tan suddenly shouts loudly. His whole face becomes savage. His 2 claws attack the silvery-masked man before him at an extremely fast speed. The speed of the claws has reached a terrifying level. There are even various black streams of energy between the 2 claws which connect them to each other.

Both of them have excellent claw techniques but it seems Hao Tan’s Soul-Destroying Claw is more freakish. In terms of speed, he is inferior to the silvery-masked man. He cannot even touch his enemy, but ...

“Gotcha!” A black stream of energy has unexpectedly tied the silvery-masked man’s hands up in front of Hao Tan, who has become extremely excited: ‘’Ha-ha, I can see that you’re fast. But even if you were faster, would you be as fast as my Soul-Destroying Silks? Your 2 hands have been tied up, now prepare to die. Ha-ha, huh? Why aren’t you using internal energy to resist?’’

Hao Tan looks doubtfully at the silvery-masked man.

‘’You got excited to soon.’’

A shaft of black light flashes by.

‘’How ... can?’’ Hao Tan’s eyes pop out of his head then he falls down powerlessly with a loud thud.

“That claw technique was really fantastic. It even generated a silk-like kind of energy.” The silvery-masked man takes off his silvery mask. He is an unfamiliar man. This man’s body suddenly stirs repeatedly while emitting cracking sounds. The body unexpectedly becomes taller and his face also starts to change.

After a short while, the silvery-masked man who is about 1.75 m tall has changed into 1.8 m tall Qin Yu.

If someone saw this scene, they would surely be extremely shocked. Just now Qin Yu used the Appearance and Bone Changing art, which can be considered the peak of disguising arts. By means of controlling the muscles and bones of the whole body, the Appearance and Bone Changing art allows the user to alter his face and height.

Generally, only Xiantian experts can manage to change their appearances thanks to Xiantian energy, which means, in the eyes of other people, the Appearance and Bone Changing art can only be used by Xiantian experts.

However Qin Yu has been trying hard to control his entire body’s muscles and bones since he started training as a little kid. He has been training for 8 years and, moreover, has often been absorbing internal energy into his flesh and bones, therefore the flexibility and toughness of his whole body’s muscles and bones have reached a shocking level. Depending on his muscles and bones alone, Qin Yu can still change his appearance.

‘’Evildoers will cause their own violent deaths!’’ When Qin Yu has taken Hao Tan’s head, his body shoots up into the air. There seems to be something high up on one side. It is none other than Xiao Hei. There is a small box on its body. Qin Yu puts the head into the box then sits down on Xiao Hei.

‘’Xiao Hei, let’s go!’’ Qin Yu warmly pats Xiao Hei’s neck.

Xiao Hei immediately utters a happy cry and soars into the sky.

Sitting on Xiao Hei’s back, Qin Yu looks down at the boundless ground below then looks up and feels the strong winds of the late night.

Following the great battle that day, Qin Yu determined to practice outside through fighting. His targets were mostly some evildoers. After a period of time, Qin Yu joined the Outer Net of the Heavenly Net and became an assassin named Liu Xing! The targets of the missions he has chosen were all evildoers who had provoked the fury of both Heaven and men.

In this way, firstly, he can eliminate some scums and, secondly, he can practice real close-quarters combat techniques as well.

‘’Xiao Hei, after turning in this mission, we’ll return to Misty Villa directly. Let’s go!’’ says Qin Yu laughingly. Uttering a cry, the black eagle speeds up greatly at once and flies eastward like a beam of light.

.

End of b2c2.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C3: Secrets (1)

The East Vanquishing Prince mansion in Yan City today is decorated with lanterns and streamers. It is only the early morning at the moment but there is already heavy traffic on the outside of the mansion. Rich and powerful people, aristocrats and noblemen from every part of the whole Chu kingdom all exchange cordial greetings then enter the mansion carrying their gifts and invitation cards.

Today is the ceremony of adulthood for Qin Yu, the third son of East Vanquishing Prince’s.

In terms of importance, there is very little difference between a ceremony of adulthood and a wedding ceremony on the Qian Long continent. Compared to them, a birthday is not important at all. When Qin Yu celebrated his 10th birthday, some people in the princely mansion only congratulated him a bit. However, to prepare for his ceremony of adulthood, invitation cards were sent out extensively. Even the Chu emperor may attend it. 8 years ago, when the ceremony of adulthood for Qin Yu’s big brother Qin Feng was held, the Chu emperor Xiang Guang personally gave him his compliments.

In the morning, the 3 brothers Qin Feng, Qin Zheng and Qin Yu come to the outside of Qin De’s room together to send their father their greetings. Among the 3 brothers, the big brother Qin Feng is the tallest, about 1.9 m. His body has an air of chilliness and his face rarely has a smiling expression. Only when he is with his brothers can he smile. Qin Zheng and Qin Yu are nearly as tall as each other. Their heights are common.

‘’Your son pays his respects to father.’’

As soon as the 3 brothers see Qin De, they kneel down and greet politely.

Looking at the 3 sons before him, Qin De feels delighted because they are all handsome and refined. His eldest son Qin Feng chose the path of martial arts. Not only is he a general in the army, he also became a Xiantian expert last year. His name has become known very quickly. There are no more than 100 Xiantian experts in the whole Chu kingdom so to become a Xiantian expert at the age of 23 is an extremely outstanding achievement.

His 2nd son Qin Zheng is better than even Qin De in such areas as governance, politics and so on. Today, his 2nd son is in charge of nearly all the matters of the 3 Eastern region counties, whether important or simple.

As for his 3rd son Qin Yu ... Qin De casts a look at Qin Yu. Seeing Qin Yu, Qin De cannot help feeling a bit guilty in his mind.

‘’No matter how he practices external techniques, at best he can only reach the peak of the Houtian level. Since he can’t become a Xiantian expert, his path is a dead end after all.’’ Qin De secretly sighs. In Qin De’s view, his 3rd son Qin Yu will not have much chance of success even if he worked harder.

‘’If he can reach Zhao Yunxing’s level, even though it isn’t the Xiantian level, his offensive force will be as good as that of an early-phase Xiantian expert. What a pity it will take him 30 years to reach that level. Until now Yu’er has been training for 8 years, so there are still 22 years to go.’’

Too bad, Qin De does not know that Qin Yu’s flesh has been absorbing internal energy and that he has been improving fast, much faster than Zhao Yunxing’s estimation.

‘’All of you stand up first,’’ says Qin Du with a smile. Then he looks at Qin Yu and says: ‘’Yu’er, today is your ceremony of adulthood, a big day of your life. After this day you’ll be an adult and, whatever happens, you’ll have to strive to face it on your own.’’

‘’Don’t worry, father.’’ Qin Yu nods and says with a smile.

Facing his life alone? Qin Yu has been soaring in all directions on his black eagle alone for 3 years. Thanks to the speed of the black eagle, he has roamed around nearly the entire Chu kingdom. Having experienced many things, Qin Yu has already gained his own understanding of life.

‘’All right, there are already many guests outside at the moment, all of you follow me to greet them.’’ As Qin De is saying he goes out first. The 3 brothers Qin Feng, Qin Zheng and Qin Yu also go out after him.

Today, the East Vanquishing Prince mansion is extremely noisy. Every aristocrat, nobleman, and also magnate and the like comes forward to congratulate. These people of course show absolute respect for East Vanquishing Prince in front of him. However, there are still 2 other princes with the same level of authority as East Vanquishing Prince. One is South Vanquishing Prince and the other is North Vanquishing Prince.

South Vanquishing Prince Mu Lan of the 3 Southern region counties personally congratulates Qin Yu. North Vanquishing Prince Shangguan Hong of the 2 Northern region counties also congratulates Qin Yu personally. The 4 Western region counties are under the complete control of the Xiang royal clan. This time Emperor Xiang Guang does not come personally. Instead, he let his own younger brother Xiang Shuo congratulate Qin Yu.

Qin Yu does not know how many tables have been set for the feast and how many guests there are in the end. But he knows one thing, that is, the gifts he received have filled 2 whole rooms, and therefore he can imagine how large the number of the guests is. After all, this is the ceremony of adulthood for a son of East Vanquishing Prince’s.

After a noisy day, late at night, the princely mansion is very quiet because all of the guests have left.

In a secret room,

Qin Yu has never entered this secret room. It is already after midnight at the moment. There are only 5 people in the secret room: Qin De, Qin Feng, Qin Zheng, Qin Yu and Xu Yuan. Except for Qin Yu, who has a doubtful expression on his face, the other people all seem to know something.

Qin De first goes to an armchair and sits down then he waves his hands and tells the other people: “Everybody sit down first.’’ Qin Yu and the other 3 people also sit down around the long table. Xu Yuan, who is still holding a folding fan, slightly smiles at Qin Yu.

‘’Father, what do you let me come here for?’’ asks Qin Yu. At the moment his mind is still in a fog.

Qin De calmly nods and says: ‘’Yu’er, haven’t you always been wondering what your father is doing and what plans I’m carrying out? Indeed, I’ve been concealing quite a few things from you. Today you already turned 16 so I’ll tell you some secrets.’’

Qin Yu’s eyes immediately brighten.

He knew early that his father is carrying out some plans. He has also been wondering why Qin De has never told him anything. Now, having heard his father’s words, he realizes there seems to be many things he himself does not know about. But today his father has finally decided to tell him about them.

‘’Yu’er, do you know that in the history of the Qian Long continent there was once a dynasty which unified the whole Qian Long continent?’’ Qin De asks Qin Yu.

Qin Yu says with a smile: “This goes without saying. A long time ago, the Qian Long continent had always been in a state of fragmentation. It was not until 3000 years ago that the whole Qian Long continent was brought into a state of unprecedented unity. It was none other than the Qin dynasty which unified the whole Qian Long continent. Qin Shi Huang Ying Zheng’s famous name is still reverberating like thunder, only that the Qin dynasty was too short-lived. 100 years after its unification of the continent it fell to pieces. Then the Ying clan of the Qin dynasty was eliminated completely.’’

Qin De slightly nods and says: “The 1st secret I’ll tell you today is ... our Qin clan is made up of Qin Shi Huang’s direct descendants!”

Qin Yu only feels as if his head has been struck by a series of thunderbolts. For the moment he was dumbfounded.

Only after a long time has Qin Yu become a bit more clear-headed. He looks at his father in disbelief then looks at his big brother, second brother and Uncle Xu Yuan. But all of these people are all looking at Qin Yu. He totally understands the implication in their eyes.

“Shouldn’t Qin Shi Huang’s direct descendants have the surname Ying?” Even though Qin Yu is somewhat stirred, he still asks.

Qin De shakes his head and says with a sigh: “After the destruction of the Qin dynasty, people in the whole world tried to eliminate the Ying clan, how could we still dare to use the surname Ying? We changed out surname to Qin also to prevent us from forgetting that Qin Shi Huang was our ancestor. Yu’er, you may know that our Qin clan’s heirloom internal technique wasn’t called the Ancestral Dragon Art originally, but it was called the Shi Huang Ancestral Dragon Art. Yu’er, remember that the blood flows in the veins of the Qin clan’s people is the same as Qin Shi Huang’s.” Qin De’s eyes radiate sharp rays of light.

.

End of b2c3.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C4: Secrets (2)

Qin Yu’s mind is in turmoil uncontrollably.

In the mind of every person on the Qian Long continent, Qin Shi Huang represents supremacy. Not only did he unify all the lands, his personal power also reached a very high level. In both controlling power and personal power, Qin Shi Huang reached his limits and no one could even remotely compare with him. Now Qin Yu has just discovered that he himself is actually a descendant of Qin Shi Huang, how can he not be shaken up?

‘’Yu’er, as a descendant of Shi Huang, you mustn’t forget the glories of the Qin dynasty. Yu’er, do you know how Shi Huang died?’’ asks Qin De while staring at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu recalls what he has read in books and says: ‘’Qin Shi Huang’s internal energy was extremely profound. It is said that he reached the Shangxian level. In theory he would’ve lived more than 1000 years but later he was killed by Xiang Yu, the West Chu Conqueror and a peerlessly powerful man. He was also the 1st emperor Xiang Yu of our Chu dynasty.’’

‘’Yes, it was Xiang Yu, the Conqueror of West Chu.’’ Qin De’s eyes radiate dazzling rays of light. “The 4 Western region counties were all strongholds of the Xiang clan. It had been running them for more than 1000 years. It got rich thanks to the 4 Western region counties and started to fight for the control of all the lands. Among Shangxian-level experts at that time, Xiang Yu was known as the number one. The West Chu Conqueror Xiang Yu killed our ancestor. If Shi Huang had not died, how would our Qin dynasty have possibly been destroyed? But...”

Qin De says with a cold laugh: ‘’But 1 year later, that West Chu Conqueror was also killed by the combined effort of 2 great Shangxian experts of the Qin dynasty. His jindan was destroyed and he died after falling into a river.’’

Even though the Chu dynasty was founded by the West Chu Conqueror Xiang Yu, Xiang Yu himself could not enjoy the high position and great wealth of a peacetime emperor.

‘’As descendants of Shi Huang, the few of us must restore Shi Huang’s glory. But we can’t rush things. We must select a target. At that time the number one culprit in the Qin dynasty’s destruction was the Xiang clan. Therefore the 1st thing we must do is exterminate the Xiang clan to take control of the whole Chu kingdom.’’ Qin De’s eyes radiate terrifying rays of light.

To exterminate the Xiang clan to take control of the entire Chu kingdom,

At this moment, Qin Yu is trying hard to calm down. What Qin De has said to day is really too shocking to Qin Yu.

Xiang Yu killed Qin Shi Huang and destroyed the Qin dynasty. Then top experts of the Qin dynasty joined forces and killed the West Chu Conqueror Xiang Yu. Otherwise, with Xiang Yu’s terrifying might and the real power of the Xiang clan’s great army, he would have possibly eliminated the other 2 powers and unified the entire Qian Long continent. Because of this, today the Qian Long continent is divided into 3 kingdoms.

Qin Zheng puts a hand on Qin Yu’s shoulder. Qin Yu turns his head and looks at his 2nd brother. Qin Zheng says cordially while staring at Qin Yu: ‘’3rd brother, big brother and I, and father as well, have always been trying hard for so many years because of this goal. Third brother, remember that we are descendants of Qin Shi Huang and we must restore Shi Huang’s glory.’’

Qin De, Qin Feng, Qin Zheng and Xu Yuan beside them all look at Qin Yu.

Seeing the look in his father’s eyes, Qin Yu thinks for a while then finally nods.

‘’In 5 years, everything will be ready. At that time our Qin clan will spring into action. We’ll definitely eliminate the Xiang clan and unify the whole Chu kingdom in due course.’’ At this moment, Qin De’s body automatically radiates killing intent. His eyes also radiate very astonishing rays of light.

After hearing, Qin Yu raises his eyebrows because he too knows the situation in the entire Chu kingdom.

The Chu kingdom is mostly divided up between 4 big clans. First is the Xiang royal clan. It totally controls the 4 Western region counties and has charge of 800,000 troops. The 200,000 strong armored cavalry of the Xiang clan is very well-known.

Second is the Qin clan of the 3 Eastern region counties, which has charge of 600,000 troops. The 50,000 strong Fierce Tiger Corps in its army is held in awe by every entity of power. However, because the Qin clan has 200,000 troops stationed at the Black Water mountain range to keep the number one bandit headquarters under threat, it actually has only 400,000 troops to deploy.

Third is the Mu clan of the 3 Southern region counties with 500,000 troops. Fourth is the Shangguan clan of the 2 Northern region counties with 400,000 troops in total.

This is because in the beginning the Xiang royal clan made a regulation that every county can only recruit 200,000 troops. The whole Chu kingdom is made up of 12 counties, which are divided up between the 4 big clans. However, the other 2 big clans border the Xiang clan and they both have satisfactory relations with the Xiang clan.

‘’Father, if we are to eliminate the Xiang clan won’t the other 2 big clans hinder us? Moreover, even if they don’t hinder us, if after we have eliminated the Xiang clan, they take advantage of our forces’ heavy losses to eliminate us, what should we do?’’ In a short while, Qin Yu sees the problem.

Qin De slightly smiles.

However Qin Zheng says to Qin Yu: ‘’3rd brother, don’t worry about this matter. Of those 2 big clans, the Mu clan is very loyal to the Xiang clan. But the Shangguan clan of the 2 Northern region counties is a fence-sitter. It should be easy to draw it in. Moreover... on the surface our Qin clan has 600,000 troops, but we’ve been around for so many years, how can we only have that many?’’

Qin Yu shakes his head and says: ‘’No, 2nd brother, as the Xiang royal clan is ruling, it must have an intelligence agency to supervise the kingdom. Our Qin clan has 600,000 soldiers, if we want to recruit more troops, say, only 100,000 more, we’ll have to prepare an awful lot of food, armor, weapons, and so on for them, and it will really be too hard for us to hide this from the investigation of the Xiang clan’s intelligence agency. Also, the Mu clan is loyal to the Xiang clan, so they’ll have 7 counties together. That Shangguan clan is a fence-sitter, but it definitely won’t depend on us. After all, our power is still inferior to the Xiang clan’s.’’

Qin Yu is somewhat unconvinced by his own family’s plan to unify the Chu kingdom.

‘’Moreover, the Black Water mountain range is the number 1 bandit headquarters. On the surface those bandits claim there are 200,000 of them but no outsider knows how many bandits they actually have. 200,000 troops of our forces must be deployed to deter them. Otherwise, the 3 Eastern region counties will be in chaos once so many bandits rush every place of the region like locusts. Therefore, we’ll be able to use only 400,000 troops. Even if we have 100,000 troops in secret, there’ll be merely 500,000 troops in total. How are we going to fight the Xiang clan? Our Fierce Tiger Corps is formidable, but the 50,000 Fierce Tiger soldiers are equivalent to 230,000 troops at best. The 200,000 armored cavalrymen of the Xiang clan are really no pushover,’’ says Qin Yu again.

In a short while, he has found many problems.

‘’Moreover, if there is a civil war in the Chu kingdom, the Han and the Ming dynasties definitely won’t cause any trouble? If these 2 big dynasties come on the scene, there’ll be real chaos,’ says Qin Yu again. Having said this, it is obvious he cannot imagine how his own clan will unify the entire Chu kingdom.

Qin De, Qin Zheng and Qin Feng all looks at Qin Yu with a smile.

‘’Not bad, Yu’er, I couldn’t have imagined that you had a pretty good view of the overall situation and would think about so many matters in such a short time. But war is not as simple as you think at all. It’s definitely not just to compare who has more power. Such matters as army provisions, military operations and so on are all very complicated. Moreover, the 4 big clans of the Chu kingdom are not what they look like. Don’t worry, our Qin clan has been preparing for several hundred years. Various plans specified early on what to do. Wait till 5 years later, you’ll see how we’ll destroy the Xiang clan,’’ says Qin De resolutely.

But Qin Yu looks at his father doubtfully.

He cannot understand how his father can be so confident when of the 4 big clans, the Mu clan and the Xiang clan are on the same side, and the Shangguan clan will definitely not rely on the Qin clan. So what if they have been preparing for several hundred years? Could it be several hundred years of preparation would turn 600,000 troops into 800,000 troops? Moreover, the troops stationed at the Black Water mountain range cannot be mobilized. Otherwise, the 3 Eastern region counties will be plunged into chaos, which will really be terrible. After all, this region is the base of the Qin clan.

‘’Don’t worry, your father has taken everything into consideration,’’ says Qin De with a smile.

Qin Yu does not know what his father is thinking, but in his view, it will be very difficult for the Qin clan to unify the entire Chu kingdom. After all, the Han and Ming dynasties both are not incompetent. However, seeing the look in his father’s eyes puts Qin Yu’s mind at ease a lot.

.

End of b2c4.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C5: Meteoric Tear (1)

The Qin clan’s people have been subjects of the Chu kingdom for several hundred years without putting their plans into action. Why, after several hundred years, have they decided to spring into action?

Wondering about this point, Qin Yu looks at Qin De and asks doubtfully: “Father, our Qin clan hasn’t done anything for the last several hundred years. Why must we spring into action 5 years later? Could it be we’ll really need several hundred years of preparation to destroy the Xiang clan? If we’re going to fight, why don’t we take action early?” Qin Yu is naturally not convinced that this is right.

“Yu’er.” Qin De’s face suddenly looks a bit upset. ‘’Now that you asked, I’ll tell you another secret.’’

At this moment, big brother Qin Feng looks even colder. There is also no smiling expression on the face of second brother Qin Zheng while Xu Yuan stops waving his fan. Qin Yu also feels that the whole atmosphere in the secret room has changed. He knows the matter his father is about to mention is unusually important.

Qin De’s look seems to be able to go through space-time. He says in an indistinct voice: ‘’Yu’er, 14 years ago, when your big brother turned 10, your mother died. On that day, a very large fire broke out. In the past I told you that ... your mother died in the fire. But the truth is ... your mother was murdered!!!’’ The muscles on Qin De’s face all start to tremble. There are only sorrow and hatred in his eyes.

“Bang!” Qin Yu feels as if there is a series of explosions in his head. His face suddenly turns very pale.

‘’Mother was murdered?’’ For the moment, Qin Yu’s mind is in complete chaos. He lost his mother when he was 2. 2 years old, at that time he was still very little and simply could not remember his mother’s appearance.

Thinking about mother,

The first thing emerges in Qin Yu’s mind is that picture. Not long after he was born, when he was just one-month old, a painter was asked to draw that picture. In the picture, there is a young married woman holding a baby. The young married woman is smiling at the baby in her bosom. Her loving eyes are emitting a motherly radiance.

When Qin Yu was very little, there were countless times when he stood foolishly viewing the picture and said to himself: “This is my mother,” while his mind tried hard to remember his mother’s appearance. There were many times when his mother’s appearance lingered on in his dreams. Whenever Qin Yu saw other children with their mothers in Yan City, he wished his mother had been living. How he wished his mother had been alive as well! When he was very little, he wept to his father time after time, asking for his mother.

As he gradually grew, Qin Yu did not weep asking for his mother anymore. Every time little Qin Yu thought about his mother, he watched the stars, because Grandpa Lian had said deceased people would go up into the sky and become stars. This is also one of the reasons why Qin Yu likes to watch the stars.

Now that little Qin Yu has become an adult. But at this moment, he is unexpectedly told that ... his mother did not die because of the fire and, moreover, she was murdered.

‘’Who killed my mother?!” Qin Yu stares at Qin De and shouts. His eyes have reddened.

His only mother -- That pulsating emotion at the bottom of his soul -- The picture of mother in Qin Yu’s mind suddenly shatters into pieces like glass. A stream of wrath erupts from the depths of his soul and reaches his chest in an instant. This is hatred. This is absolute wrath!

‘’Who? In the end who murdered my mother?!’’ The muscles of Qin Yu’s hands all start to tremble. His whole body has started to boil!

Qin Feng’s and Qin Zheng’s eyes also radiate hatred.

‘’Could it be...’’ As if a ray of light suddenly flashes through Qin Yu’s mind, he immediately suspects one possibility. He stares at his father: ‘’Father, could it be mother’s murderer is Xiang clan’s? Yes, it must’ve been so.’’

‘’Yes, it’s Xiang clan’s. Moreover, the murderer is the current Chu emperor Xiang Guang. It’s he who murdered your mother. Also, your big brother witnessed this incident with his own eyes,’’ says Qin De in an ice-cold voice. For the moment, there is a complete silence in the secret room.

‘’Xiang Guang, he thought that after driving Jing Yi to death then faking a fire what he did will be shrouded in absolute secrecy. He thought he had put me off the scent and I would never discover what happened. But ... he didn’t know Feng’er, 10 year old at that time, was in Jing Yi’s room.’’ Qin De’s killing intent surges up.

‘’At that time, if it hadn’t been for Uncle Feng, I would’ve died and no one would’ve known the truth about mother’s death,’’ says Qin Feng coldly.

Everything has come to light.

Everything has been made clear.

Even though the Qin clan’s people are Qin Shi Huang’s descendants, for the last several hundred years, they have had complete control over the 3 Eastern region counties and have been enjoying life without worrying about things. Quite a few ancestors of the Qin clan advocated for a peaceful life. After all, it would be too difficult for them to usurp the Chu dynasty and the Qin clan would possibly be finished instead. For the last several hundred years, the Qin clan has always been unable to make up its mind to give up its current lifestyle and overthrow the Chu dynasty. However, the death of the wife of the current clan head Qin De caused him to make up his mind. Therefore, 14 years ago, Qin De started to arrange a seizure of power, and he even set in motion some plans prepared several hundred years before.

‘’Father, I want to join the army. I’ll definitely avenge mother’s death!’’ Qin Yu says resolutely while looking at Qin De. There are only 2 ways for him to seek revenge. First is to use assassination. Second is to use the army to destroy the Xiang clan directly then it will be easy to kill Xiang Guang.

Assassinate Xiang Guang?

Qin Yu thought about it for a while then gave up. As the Chu emperor, Xiang Guang is protected closely by countless experts. Even a Xiantian expert will have absolutely no chance of killing him. Needless to say, Qin Yu practices external techniques. Therefore, he has no choice but to join Qin De’s plan.

“Nonsense!” Qin De stares at Qin Yu and reproves him. ‘’You’re just a boy. You haven’t learned the art of war or the art of ruling. How will you lead the army?”

“Then I’ll be a vanguard soldier. I’ll be a small soldier,’’ replies Qin Yu immediately. He understands he knows nothing about leading soldiers in combat but he cannot bear the thought of standing idly by on one side. After all, this is a blood feud over the murder of his mother.

“A vanguard soldier? A small soldier?” Qin De shakes his head and says: ‘’If we are to destroy the Xiang clan in a war, the soldiers will have to be mobilized by the hundred thousand. On the battlefield, after the soldiers are lined up, you basically won’t even see the ends of a row. With so many people fighting together closely, what will be the use of you? As long as you’re not a Xiantian expert, you won’t be able to save your own little life in the middle of a large army!”

Qin Yu is speechless.

‘’But ...” He wants to dispute.

Qin De walks to his side, strokes his shoulder and says sincerely: ‘’Yu’er, you must understand, you’re a son of the Qin clan. The blood of our Qin clan absolutely doesn’t tolerate mistakes. Your big brother is a general and has also reached the Xiantian level, so I’m certainly not worried about him. Your 2nd brother will stay far back from the front line to handle political affairs so I’m not worried about him either. You want to become a vanguard soldier, if you were to die, how would I explain it to the ancestors? How would I explain it to your deceased mother?”

“Yu’er, don’t be stubborn. If you joined the army, you would only make me more worried about you. Yu’er, you’ve become an adult, you must learn to consider the big picture,” says Qin De while staring at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu thinks for a while.

He understands he himself cannot help in handling political affairs. If he became a normal vanguard soldier, his father would be negatively affected when marshaling forces because he would not be able to ignore his own son in a certain troop.

Moreover, the offensive power of an individual like him would be negligible in the middle of a large army.

Qin Yu has made a judgement in his mind. If he joined the usurpation plan, he would be of no use. Worse still, he would have negative effects on it.

‘’Father, I already understand. I won’t become a hindrance to all of you,” says Qin Yu with a nod. Then he turns around and leaves immediately. Seeing Qin Yu leaving, Qin De cannot help feeling unhappy. Qin Feng, Qin Zheng and Xu Yuan all stand up and follow his back with their eyes.

When Qin Yu reaches the door, he suddenly stops, turns around, looks at the other people and says: ‘’Father, big brother, second brother, Uncle Xu, please avenge my mother’s death.’’

‘’Third brother, don’t worry, we’ll definitely eliminate the Xiang clan,’’ says 2nd brother Qin Zheng resolutely. Qin Feng also nods solemnly to Qin Yu. Xu Yuan and Qin De also look at Qin Yu to let him totally understand their intentions.

“Thank you!” As Qin Yu finishes saying, he goes out of the secret room directly without looking back and gets in the corridor. It is already late at night. The sky is filled with countless visible stars. The cold winds of the late night are blowing, causing Qin Yu’s whole body to slightly tremble uncontrollably.

Qin Yu suddenly turns around and looks at that room beside the corridor. The secret room is under the ground of that room. ‘’Perhaps father and the others are discussing some important plans but I can’t offer them any help.” Qin Yu smiles bitterly then turns around and leaves immediately.

.

End of b2c5.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C6: Meteoric Tear (2)

In the morning of the next day, Qin Yu leaves the princely mansion alone and returns to Misty Villa. Only Xiao Hei goes with him.

After getting back to Misty Villa, Qin Yu trains even harder. In his plan, even the time for him to go out to execute assassination missions is sharply reduced. Most of his time is spent on improving his power nonstop. When Qin De hears about this he can only smile bitterly. He does not know what to say.

Late at night a half month later,

Qin Yu walks out from his room and stand in the middle of the courtyard. Making a swaying movement with his body, he gets to the top of the room in a flash. Sitting on the top of the room, Qin Yu watches the boundless sky in silence. Xiao Hei also stays quietly beside him.

Misty Villa is located on the side of the mountain. On the top of the room, Qin Yu can even see a cliff not far from there. One cold wind after another reaches him from the depths next to the cliff but Qin Yu feels nothing.

‘’Xiao Hei, I feel that I’m too useless, extremely useless.’’ Qin Yu looks at Xiao Hei beside him and says in a low voice.

With its shiny black eyes fixed on Qin Yu, Xiao Hei spreads its huge wings and puts them around Qin Yu as if it is consoling him.

Looking into the sky, Qin Yu says in a voice which is a bit indistinct and a bit bitter: ‘’When I was little, I thought father didn’t care about me, so I trained very hard only for him to spend more time with me. When I grew up, I discovered father truly cared about me. But ... he has his own business and doesn’t have time to stay with me. To destroy the Xiang clan to avenge mother’s death is indeed very difficult. Father, big brother and 2nd brother have always been trying hard, but I ...”

“But I’m absolutely useless. I’m not proficient in political affairs. And I can’t command troops either. My body doesn’t have any internal energy so I’ll be of no use in the middle of a large army.” Qin Yu cannot help clenching his fists. “Actually ... I want to help father as well. Actually, I also want to make myself a bit useful to them. Any bit will do.”

He hates the fact that he cannot power up at once.

He hates himself, hates himself for being useless.

Qin Yu is an adult now but since childhood, he has always felt lonesome. Even though he can feel that his father cares about him, in 10 whole years between age 6 and 16, the time he and his father met does not amount to more than 1 month.

He does not hate his father. He only hates himself for being useless.

Now that he already knows what his father is doing, he wants to do something. He also wants to help his father, but he really cannot help in anything.

“In father’s eyes, perhaps I’m a burden. The Xiantian level, when will I reach it? At the moment my power is improving very fast but to reach the peak of external practice it’ll take me at least 5 or 6 more years,” sighs Qin Yu.

After a long time, he suddenly stands up and lets out a deep sigh. His eyes glitter with resolution.

‘’Big brother, 2nd brother, father, all of you are trying hard nonstop to prepare for the war 5 years later. Therefore in the next 5 years I’ll train hard as well. At least in 5 years ... I’ll reach the level of Master Zhao Yunxing, reach the peak of the Houtian level.” Qin Yu sets himself a goal.

Merit, anyone living in the world should have merit. At least, they must be of some merit in the eyes of their parents, otherwise their life will be a waste. Qin Yu does not like to depend on his father’s status like a profligate son of a rich family. He wants to achieve something worthwhile. At the minimum ... being able to help his father will be enough.

......

The Qian Long continent is extremely large. However, the ocean beyond the boundary of the Qian Long continent is ten to hundred times as large as it is. Suddenly --

The boundless ocean heaves up and down violently. There is not a hurricane at the moment so how can it be heaving up and down without a reason like this? At the same time, the holy energy in the whole world starts to shake in an instant. The ocean waves surge to 100 zhang high then smash down with a loud noise. All of the martial art practitioners in the world can feel that the world’s holy energy has become so chaotic that for the moment they simply cannot absorb any of it.

Whizz!

In the sky, an exceptionally bright meteor suddenly appears out of thin air and flashes toward the Qian Long continent in an oblique straight line at an extremely fast speed. It is even making sharp buzzing sounds. In a short while, the meteor has disappeared. Then the holy energy in the world reverts to its stable state. The boundless ocean also goes back to normal.

......

“Meteor!” Qin Yu sees a meteor coming through the sky at an extremely fast speed in the distance. He immediately watches it carefully from the top of the room. That meteor unexpectedly comes directly toward Qin Yu. With his eyes brightening, he says laughingly: “Impossible. This meteor can’t be flying directly to Misty Villa.”

Qin Yu, however, knows that some meteoric metals have mostly been created by the meteors which have landed on the ground.

“Maybe I can still find a big chunk of meteoric metals.” Qin Yu thinks to himself. But Qin Yu is somewhat disappointed because when that meteor is halfway down in the air and when there is still a very long distance between it and him it disappears.

“Forget about it. But I was pretty lucky to be able to see a meteor.” Qin Yu slightly smiles. Then he takes a leap to get down from the top of the room. But when he is leaping, his eyes suddenly brighten.

‘’What is that?’’ Qin Yu vaguely sees a light shining faintly in the west garden. He cannot help feeling doubtful. He immediately goes to the west garden. After entering the west garden, he searches carefully in all directions but he does not find anything unusual.

He takes several steps on the side of the hot spring. Suddenly he notices a gleaming light on the ground.

‘’What’s that?’’ Qin Yu vaguely sees a crystalline object on the ground. He squats down and looks carefully. It is a red crystal which looks like a pendant gem. After picking it up and putting on his hand, he sees that this crystal has the shape of a tear.

‘’A blood-red crystal in the shape of a tear, it should be a piece of glass.’’ Qin Yu looks at the crystal in his palm. His mind unconsciously takes a liking to this ‘piece of glass.’

“Let’s embed this piece of glass in something to dress it up. A necklace will be pretty good. Xiao Lu will definitely like it very much. Hmm, if so what should it be called?” Qin Yu frowns and thinks. Then his eyes brighten: ‘’Ah, I got it after watching a meteor and it has a tear shape so let’s call it the Meteoric Tear.”

The Meteoric Tear, Qin Yu is very satisfied with this name.

Qin Yu even tries it a bit on his chest then he nods in satisfaction. But suddenly Qin Yu’s hand feels a bit lighter. The ‘piece of glass’ he found just now has unexpectedly disappeared strangely. It was right in the palm of Qin Yu’s hand, yet it has just disappeared like that.

Qin Yu’s eyes cannot help popping out of his head.

“What the hell has happened?” Qin Yu is shocked. He has never seen such an odd occurrence.

An object in his hand has disappeared without a reason as if it has never existed. But he is absolutely certain that just now he found a blood-red crystal in the shape of a tear and he even named it the Meteoric Tear.

“How come I can’t see it? Could it be some Xiantian expert or Shangxian took it directly using telekinesis?” Qin Yu ponders. “No, it couldn’t. I was grasping it in the palm of my hand. Even if someone had used telekinesis, I would’ve felt that ‘piece of glass’ moving in my hand. Could it be it just disappeared without a reason?”

Qin Yu cannot imagine what kind of magic power can move an object away in such an inexplicable manner.

“Not even Shangxian have this kind of magic power for certain. Moreover, why would such a super expert play tricks on me in the middle of the night?” He is filled with bewilderment.

In the west garden, bewildered Qin Yu thus ponders for a long time. Then, after finding absolutely no reason, he has no choice but to leave the west garden in bewilderment.

.

End of b2c6.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C7: Leaping through the sky (1)

“I’ve never felt so good, so fresh and cool.” Qin Yu stretches his sluggish waist and takes a fresh and clean breath. Suddenly his eyes flash with fierceness. “Alright, let’s start to try hard. In 5 years I’ll definitely reach the peak of the Houtian level.”

His heart is full of enthusiasm. He immediately starts his morning training session.

Qin Yu has always been carrying 300 jin of weights on his body. He thus runs out of Misty Villa and heads directly for the foot of the mountain. From the foot of the mountain, he runs up to its peak. Then he runs from the peak down to the foot of the mountain again. He keeps running back and forth like that.

As usual, Qin Yu wants to run nonstop until he has no strength left to run. Only then will he stop.

“Phew!” Qin Yu is constantly gasping for breath. One after another, beads of sweat are falling down from his chin. At this moment he has reached his limit. Because he runs like this every day, he already knew his limits early. But who could have thought today he would unexpectedly run 1 more lap than yesterday? Moreover ... he is not completely exhausted yet.

Even though at this moment he is extremely tired, he feels very excited: “My condition today is really not bad. If I can improve like this every day, I soon won’t be far from reaching the level where I can lift 800 jin with 1 arm and deflect weapons with my body. It seems Heaven is helping me.” Qin Yu cannot help giving a faint smile.

Qin Yu can feel clearly the reactions of his entire body’s muscles. He also knows at this moment he has reached his physical limit the first time.

Suddenly --

An extremely comfortable clear stream of energy starts to flow to every place in his entire body. Qin Yu feels that his entire body’s muscles, which have reached their limits, vying with each other to absorb this clear stream as if they are a thirsty traveller in the desert who can drink water all of a sudden...

Qin Yu is completely dumbfounded. He can feel clearly that his body, which has reached its physical limit, and his muscles, which are tired and aching, are suddenly recovering quickly. He can feel his whole body’s muscles regaining strength ... and they are even being enhanced to some extent.

“What’s going on?” Qin Yu suddenly stops. “Where does this clear stream of mysterious power come from? What is really going on?”

This is too strange. Qin Yu has been training for 8 years but he has never experienced anything like this. Every time he reached his physical limit, he had to try hard to overcome them. But today, who could have thought a mysterious stream of energy would suddenly appear? Qin Yu basically did not feel its existence in his channels, as if it disregarded the channels. Instead, it directly spread throughout his body. When his muscles absorbed this clear stream, they also became stronger.

Qin Yu frowns deeply while pondering about the sudden appearance of this clear stream. But after thinking for a long time, he still does not know how this could happen.

‘’Let’s continue to train. Let’s see what will happen when I reach my physical limit again.” Qin Yu immediately continues to run. This time he even runs a longer distance than he did last time. In today’s morning training session, Qin Yu has run a longer aggregate distance than he ever did in any previous session.

“I’ve finally reached it!” Qin Yu feels that he has reached his physical limit again. Even though his legs are still running very fast, his mind and energy are mostly concentrated on the inside of his body.

A stream of energy starts to be generated......

“It’s the chest.” Qin Yu’s eyes brighten. “The source of that mysterious energy is in the chest.” Qin Yu feels clearly how comfortable it is when this stream of energy spreads throughout his body. This feeling is more comfortable than how he feels while soaking in the hot spring, and much more comfortable than how he feels while massaged by Old Dr. Weng Xian.

Qin Yu suddenly pulls open the black gold undershirt, which covers his chest. He stares at his chest --

There is a faint mark on the chest. If he had not looked carefully, he would not have noticed this mark. It has the shape of none other than the Meteoric Tear. But there were never any marks on Qin Yu’s chest. He remembers very well he did not see it while soaking in the hot spring yesterday, but now it is here.

“The Meteoric Tear, yesterday evening’s Meteoric Tear!”

Qin Yu’s eyes pop out of his head. He is so astonished that he is basically speechless. The sudden disappearance of the Meteoric Tear yesterday shocked him and made him doubtful for a long time. But now, with the appearance of the Meteoric-Tear-shaped mark on his chest, Qin Yu cannot help thinking about one matter.

“Could the clear stream of mysterious power appeared just now have something to do with this mark? Is this mark related to the mysterious Meteoric Tear yesterday?” Qin Yu simply has no way to know everything about what is going on.

But he is not a country bumpkin. As East Vanquishing Prince’s son, he knows that some rare treasures in the world can fuse with the body. Objects which are superior to both mundane-grade and Xian-grade weapons and are equal to Shangxian’s weapons can fuse with the body.

But Qin Yu has never heard of a crystal which can fuse with the body. However, as soon as he thinks about what happened just now, he knows ...

He has struck it rich!

Limit training ... ...

... ... is to break through the body’s limits time after time. But every time a limit is broken through, the body’s flesh and bones are put under a great deal of stress and will require various recovery methods later. In the past, Qin Yu would try to persist until he surpassed his limits, and when it was impossible for him to go on, he would have to use various recovery methods such as soaking in the hot spring, applying medicinal wine and so on.

However, now that he has the fantastic clear stream of energy, Qin Yu will not have to waste time on recovery. He can transcend his limits nonstop. Moreover, when that clear stream fuses with his flesh, it seems to also enhance his flesh’s capabilities.

“Heaven is helping me. Heaven is helping me!” Qin Yu clenches his fists. His eyes radiate a shocking fierceness. “Even Heaven is helping me. At first I thought it’d take me 5 or 6 years to reach Master Zhao Yunxing’s level, but with this Meteoric Tear, perhaps 2 years will be enough!”

Qin Yu’s eyes glitter with excitement.

From his childhood to his adulthood, in his father’s eyes, he has always been inferior to his big brother and 2nd brother. Not only can big brother lead troops in battle, he is also a Xiantian expert. And 2nd brother is proficient in governance. Only he, the 3rd brother, born with a dantian which cannot accumulate internal energy, is the most useless.

However ... the Meteoric Tear has given him an opportunity.

An opportunity to change his life,

“Father, I’m not useless. I don’t want to hide and live shamefully behind your backs. I’ll let you know that I’m as good as big brother and 2nd brother.” The most resounding sounds rise in his mind. At this moment, his great ambition soars as high as the sky.

“Alright, let’s start training!”

Qin Yu starts his training immediately.

He trains like crazy, much crazier than in the past. Even if Zhao Yunxing came here personally, he would be scared stiff upon seeing how Qin Yu is training. The reason is that Qin Yu’s current training does not take into account his body’s endurance. He is totally torturing himself!

However, other people simply cannot know that every time Qin Yu reaches a physical limit, that mysterious clear stream will permeate through his muscles and relieve their fatigue. And whenever he transcends a limit, the muscles become stronger. As Qin Yu can continuously surpass his limits, he is improving extremely fast, like a shooting star leaping through the sky.

In the evening, Qin Yu returns to Misty Villa. His face is full of confidence. He has been going through a day of mad training, with the training load being over 10 times as heavy as in the past, however at this moment his entire body’s muscles are unexpectedly still full of vitality.

.

End of b2c7.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C8: Leaping through the sky (2)

That night, Qin Yu sits with legs crossed in his room.

Every night he executes the Ancestral Dragon Art’s technique to turn the world’s holy energy into internal energy then, as it automatically disperses, lets his entire body’s muscles absorb some of this internal energy. Tonight is the same. Qin Yu executes the Ancestral Dragon Art again.

If there were an observer, he would see ...

Various endless streams of the world’s holy energy start to whirl around Qin Yu at a very fast speed. Their number is shockingly large. Because there are too many of them, these holy energy streams unexpectedly form a blue mist. It looks as if Qin Yu’s entire body is wrapped in a hazy layer of blue mist. His body is only a blur through the blue mist.

Materialization of holy energy!

The materialization of holy energy according to legend!

If an internal expert or a Xiantian expert saw this, they would be scared stiff. Holy energy absorption speed naturally represents a person’s power improvement speed. And when the materialization of holy energy is achieved, the practice speed of that person will reach a terrifying level.

According to legend, Shangxian’s holy energy absorption is at a level where the holy energy is materialized. And even Xiantian experts are definitely below this level.

At the moment, however, the materialization of holy energy is happening on the body of a young man who is only 16 and practices external techniques.

At this moment Qin Yu’s face is very red. His body is slightly trembling, as if he has received a very great provocation. Beads of sweat have even stuck out on his forehead. The expression on his face shows that he is both in pain and shocked. However, the surging holy energy is still entering Qin Yu’s body nonstop.

“Why is this happening? So much holy energy.” Qin Yu is so shocked that he is speechless.

When he executed the Ancestral Dragon Art, the holy energy in his vicinity was very obedient and let itself be absorbed by him at a very fast speed. But because it was too obedient and too easy to maneuver ... Qin Yu has unexpectedly absorbed an amount of holy energy over 10 times as much as usual in a short while.

“Could that Meteoric Tear be the reason?” Qin Yu automatically thinks about this. But he immediately smiles bitterly: “My goodness, you’re killing me!”

At this moment, the surging holy energy in his body starts to roll into his channels. If a footpath which can only accommodate 3 people walking abreast is suddenly walked on by people 10 abreast and, moreover, the number of people taking this footpath increases nonstop, it is easy to imagine how overcrowded it will become.

At this moment, the channels in Qin Yu’s body are exceptionally overcrowded. The amount of holy energy which far exceeds those of the past is totally clogging his channels.

“Absorbing too much holy energy isn’t a good thing. What should I do now?” Qin Yu can feel continual tearing pains in his channels. He makes every effort to circulate the holy energy in the channels. But because there is too much holy energy, even starting to keep it under control is hard for him.

This is like how while an instructor can still easily control the movements of 100 people he will not be able to direct the movements of 1000 people by himself.

“So painful, will I die because of the channels breaking into pieces?” Qin Yu smiles bitterly in his mind. “At first I thought this mysterious Meteoric Tear was a treasure. Now it seems to be a disaster for me instead. So much holy energy is already enough to squeeze into my channels until they break.”

Qin Yu can feel that every place of the channels in his entire body is in continuous pain.

Qin Yu’s channels have adapted themselves to those smaller amounts of holy energy of the past, but today’s amount has increased to 10 times the normal amounts, so how can they endure it? His channels have been overfilled. Moreover, they seem to be about to break apart because of that. Qin Yu can only see everything happening without being able to do anything.

Fizz, fizz ~~~

A place of his channels finally can no longer endure the pressure of the squeezing and starts to tear.

“No good!” Qin Yu’s face immediately goes very pale.

“Fizz, fizz~~~” In a short while, the channels in his entire body continuously tear in every place.

“Father, I thought I was still of some use and would be able to help you. But now it looks like ... I’m completely useless as before.” Qin Yu is disappointed. However, despite facing death, he has absolutely neither fear nor sorrow.

“Maybe father will grieve for me after I die?” For some odd reason, Qin Yu unexpectedly thinks about this.

However, while he is having a bee in his bonnet, the Meteoric Tear in his chest sends out various clear streams of energy which immediately flow throughout Qin Yu’s body. These mysterious clear streams have some unknown power which unexpectedly lets those tattered channels easily take shape again.

Moreover, the newly formed channels are considerably wider than the previous ones.

“Ah.” Qin Yu is astonished. He watches this scene in stupefaction.

It seems ... the Meteoric Tear is not as simple as he thinks at all.

However, because the current amount of holy energy is 10 times, or even over 10 times, larger than the normal amounts, the newly formed channels are still too narrow for it. In a short while, following the increasingly slower circulation of energy, the blockage in the channels becomes more and more serious, and the channels even tear again.

This time Qin Yu does not despair. He attentively waits for those mysterious clear streams from the Meteoric Tear.

As expected, the Meteoric Tear does not disappoint Qin Yu. Once again, a clear stream comes out from the Meteoric Tear with no difficulty and he can feel clearly that wherever it goes to the channels there recover quickly. After a short while, all of the channels have been formed again. This time they are even wider than before.

Tearing -- Mending!

Even though there is too much holy energy, after experiencing the ‘Tearing -- Mending’ process continuously, the channels have finally become able to withstand it. Qin Yu finally succeeds. However, the pain of having his channels tearing again and again was much more terrifying than the pain of practicing external techniques.

Various vigorous streams of internal energy swarm into his dantian then move outward in all directions. Like dry sandy soil, the flesh in Qin Yu’s entire body draws internal energy off nonstop. The more internal energy his flesh and bones absorb, the more formidable they become.

However, as time goes by, the flesh and bones absorb less and less internal energy.

After 4 hours, Qin Yu opens his eyes.

“Sure enough, just as I anticipated, when the training load increases, the flesh and bones become stronger and also absorb more internal energy. A day ago my training load increased to over 10 times the normal load, now I’ve only been absorbing for 4 hours, but the amount of internal energy absorbed was already about 10 times larger than in the past.” Qin Yu’s face is full of sweat.

The pain of the channels tearing just now has caused his entire body to be drenched in sweat.

“After my flesh and bones absorbed so much internal energy, now I feel...” Qin Yu kicks fast and fiercely with his legs, causing whizzing wind sounds. He also punches continuously with his fists, splitting the air before him. “Now I feel ... my entire body is full of power!”

Qin Yu’s eyes glitter with extreme excitement.

After going through this one day of training, he can totally notice that his own improvement speed is extremely fast.

“2 years, will I need that much?” There is a hint of a confident smile on the corners of his mouth. It is pointless to guess how long it will take to reach the peak of the Houtian level. He can only undergo real training and wait for the facts to speak for themselves.

Time goes by.

Qin Yu starts to train like crazy. He throws caution regarding daily training load to the winds and completely attacks the endurance limit of the human nerve. Even if Xiantian experts came to see how he trains, they would be horrified to death by this madman. This kind of training is suicide.

With 300 jin of weights on his body, he holds high 2 huge rocks which weigh several hundred jin each using his hands. He thus runs at his fastest speed for 1 hour. Afterwards, he throws the rocks away and swims in the lake while carrying 300 jin of weights more than 100 round-trips. Then he repeats these forms of training...

This is totally beyond the human imagination. There is simply no way to explain it. Is this really what a person can endure?

However, Qin Yu is happy and lively. His body’s toughness, flexibility and agility improve day by day. His eyes also become increasingly swifter and fiercer.

Qin Yu always tests his arms’ strength while carrying 300 jin of weights. From lifting 300 jin with one arm, the weight he can lift with one arm continuously increases to 400 jin, 450 jin, 500 jin, 550 jin, 600 jin ...... 700 jin ...... However, even though his arms’ strength improves, there does not seem to be an upper limit on Qin Yu’s one-armed strength.

A peak-Houtian expert has 700 to 800 jin of strength in one arm?

To sum up, in just a year Qin Yu’s one-armed strength has surpassed this so-called peak of one-armed strength. His strength, agility and even his body’s attack resistance have all been continuously challenging the presumptive peaks of external practice on the Qian Long continent. Qin Yu is still improving very fast without showing any sign of deceleration. Moreover ... he does not feel any bit of Xiantian energy at all, which means he is still a Houtian expert.

No one knows how great Qin Yu’s attributes will be at the peak of the Houtian level. In conclusion, the current Qin Yu’s achievements cannot be predicted using common sense. A miracle of external practice is being initiated by him......

.

End of b2c8.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C9: Rock within rock (1)

Mount Dong Lan is 3000 m high. Such a high mountain is naturally thickly wooded. There are even wild beasts hiding in the depths of the forests on the mountain.

However, at the moment, in a very remote wood on Mount Dong Lan, a silhouette of a man is moving back and forth extremely fast. He is agile like a panther and skillful like a monkey. In an instant he even leaps up several tens meters onto a tree fork then easily leaps from this tree fork to another.

The most extraordinary thing is that while this man is moving extremely fast he does not cause any wind sounds at all.

The silhouette suddenly dives down from several tens meters high like lightning. With a ferocious splash he gets into the small lake in the depths of the wood. The lake, which is clear and beautiful as if made from jade, immediately ripples. This nameless small lake is very clear and it is even possible to see clearly the cobblestones at the bottom of it.

“It feels really good.” Qin Yu suddenly emerges from the bottom of the water. He spontaneously shakes his head, scattering water sprays around.

Qin Yu has had the Meteoric Tear for one and a half years. A half year ago, his strength reached the level of Man Dong, a man born with great physical strength. His agility is even more peerless. And because normal weapons can no longer hurt him a bit, it is obvious how great his flexibility and toughness are.

Even though Qin Yu is not wearing gloves, his fingers can still grab blue stones into pieces with ease. Moreover, his finger skin has not been hardened in the slightest. This is totally out of line with Zhao Yunxing’s theory. How can a person’s fingers remain sensitive and become extremely tough at the same time?

In theory, because Qin Yu has reached Zhao Yunxing’s level or has even surpassed it, he should have reached the so-called peak of the Houtian level.

However ... Qin Yu’s various bodily capabilities are still improving at an extremely shocking speed. Feeling that his progress was too terrifying, he went directly into the depths of the forests to train lest the people at the villa chatter about him.

In the depths of the forests, huge rocks are seen everywhere. Moreover, training here is even more beneficial to his Seven North Stars Moonlight Dance body-maneuvering skill. After all, there are basically no roads in the depths of the forests, only a great variety of obstacles. This kind of conditions is very useful for practicing body-maneuvering skill.

“In only 1 and a half years my one-armed strength has reached 1000 jin. If I talk about this ...” Qin Yu gives a faint smile.

The lifting strength of an arm and the impact force of a punch are totally different concepts. It is much more difficult to lift than to punch with one arm. If an arm can lift 1000 jin, the impact force it generates when throwing a punch will definitely exceed the weight of 10,000 jin. Even Man Dong, who is known by reputation as the strongest external expert, would be dumbfounded by such a terrifying force.

“For the last half year I’ve almost never taken off these 300 jin of weights. How fast will I be after taking off these weights?” Qin Yu thinks to himself. If other people heard about this, they would have no way to believe it.

Just now in the wood, Qin Yu was moving back and forth extremely fast. His speed was even faster than those of ordinary external experts. However, this was merely his speed while carrying 300 jin of weights.

“Bang!” Following several loud noises, the black iron arm guards and leg guards and the black gold undershirt have already been shed to one side.

“Ha-ha, let’s try it now.” Qin Yu suddenly shoots into the sky like an arrow leaving a bow. He leaps out of the water directly then makes a swinging movement with his body in a relaxed manner in midair. Unexpectedly ... he comes to rest! Yes, he comes to rest, albeit for only about 2 or 3 seconds.

This is the subtlety of how Qin Yu’s body-maneuvering skill makes use of wind forces.

“Whizz!” With a shaking movement of his body, Qin Yu dives down extremely fast and lands on the ground. “Bang!” Following a push with his feet, his entire body disappears with a ‘shua’ noise. Then the large trees in the surroundings start to shake continuously. A vague noise is shuffling back and forth in the wood like lightning.

Landing!

Qin Yu suddenly appears beside the lake. His face looks extremely excited: “After taking off 300 jin of weights, my speed has increased by more than 1 level. Really extremely fast, but ...” Qin Yu frowns. “Only that at such a fast speed, wind resistance becomes too terrifying. Even with my current level of the Seven North Stars Moonlight Dance, I still can’t neutralize the resistance completely.”

The faster the speed is, the stronger wind resistance becomes. Qin Yu’s speed just now reached an unprecedented level. He could neutralize wind resistance with ease in the past, but with such a fast speed, he has no way to nullify wind resistance perfectly.

“Well, looks like I’m not strong enough. I must keep trying hard. I even want to see what my limit is in the end.” Qin Yu’s eyes are blazing with excitement and passion.

******

Qin Yu continues to train hard in the depths of the forests on Mount Dong Lan....

Late at night, in Hua Yang House of the imperial palace in the Chu dynasty’s capital,

Hua Yang House is where Imperial Concubine Yu lives. Tonight the Chu emperor Xiang Guang is paying a visit to Imperial Concubine Yu’s Hua Yang House. After being intimate with each other, Xiang Guang and Imperial Concubine Yu have been sound asleep. The 2 ladies-in-waiting outside the door have been drowsing but they are still trying hard to keep their eyes opened.

Xiang Guang, who has been sleeping deeply, suddenly starts to shake. Beads of sweat have stuck out on his forehead. It seems he is in a state of extreme panic and agitation.

“No. Don’t. Don’t...” Xiang Guang continuously says in a very low and confusing voice. It is simply impossible to hear clearly what he is saying. However, next, even Xiang Guang’s entire body shakes and Imperial Concubine Yu beside him is woken up with a start.

“Your Majesty, Your Majesty, are you alright, Your Majesty?” Seeing that Xiang Guang’s face is very red, Imperial Concubine Yu cannot help panicking.

“Die!” With his eyes still closed, Xiang Guang suddenly shouts and brandishes his arms, which immediately smash on Imperial Concubine Yu’s body.

“Bang!” Imperial Concubine Yu is knocked down from the bed. Spitting out a mouthful of blood, she looks at Xiang Guang in disbelief because she is the imperial concubine the emperor pampers the most. At this moment Xiang Guang also wakes up. He sees that Imperial Concubine Yu has been seriously injured by himself but his expression is still frosty.

“Someone call an imperial doctor.” After saying, Xiang Guang stops paying attention to Imperial Concubine Yu. He gets dressed and goes right past heavily-injured Imperial Concubine Yu without even looking at her.

In a short while, Xiang Guang has appeared in the imperial study. A hawk-like hook-nosed man dressed in black is respectfully standing on one side.

“Yang Li is in charge of the 3 Eastern region counties, right?” Xiang Guang asks coldly.

“Yes, Your Majesty.” The hook-nosed man replies respectfully.

Xiang Guang suddenly stands up, stares at the hook-nosed man and says: “Integrate all the intelligence about Qin De then let me know. Also, increase the supervising force in the 3 Eastern region counties. I don’t believe he only has 600,000 troops. You must investigate and ascertain what tricks he has up his sleeve. Yang Li has only found out so little info after so many years. He’s really useless. From now on, let Zhen Xu have charge of the entire secret service in the 3 Eastern region counties. Transfer Yang Li back.”

“Yes!” The hook-nosed man gets down on 1 knee and says.

“You can go.” Xiang Guang dismisses him with a wave of a sleeve. The hook-nosed man bows then disappears directly in the imperial study with shaking movement of his body.

Xiang Guang looks forward but his mind is thinking about something else.

“If I don’t investigate and ascertain everything about Qin De, I won’t be able to sleep and eat well.” Xiang Guang has a recurring nightmare in which he is killed by Qin De. What he is worried about the most is that Qin De discovers that past incident so he wants to wipe out the Qin clan. However the Qin clan has been controlling the 3 Eastern region counties for several hundred years and therefore, to Xiang Guang, it is a deep-rooted problem which he cannot eliminate simply as he wishes.

At the moment, Xiang Guang’s tactic is to investigate Qin De clearly. If Qin De gives any indications of rebellion, he will mobilize the entire kingdom’s forces to destroy the Qin clan. If Qin De is still unaware of that past incident and does not rebel against him then this matter will be over.

“This idiot Yang Li is completely useless. But Zhen Xu will surely find out everything. Qin De, you better not know about that incident. You should know your place as East Vanquishing Prince. If you really want to rebel, then ...” Xiang Guang’s eyes radiate ferocious cold rays of light.

.

End of b2c9.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C10: Rock within rock (2)

Beside a small lake in a wood on Mount Dong Lan,

“It’s been 10 whole days.” Qin Yu is resting his back against a huge rock. Holding a blade of grass in his mouth, he looks at the lake in front of him with a powerless expression on his face.

Qin Yu is now 18 years old. For 10 whole years from age 8 to age 18, his body continuously improved and transformed. After obtaining the Meteoric Tear, he improved especially fast, like a meteor leaping through the sky. However, some time ago Qin Yu discovered that his progress started to slow down. And for the last 10 days, he has rarely seen any improvement.

“It looks like ... I’ve finally reached the peak of my Houtian level!” Qin Yu suddenly bursts out laughing: “At the peak of the Houtian level, other people have 700 to 800 jin of strength in one arm. Today, with 300 jin of weights on my body, I can still lift a 1400 jin object with one arm. If I take off the weights, perhaps I’ll be able to lift even 1500 jin.”

Agility ... Compared to his strength, his agility is even at a higher level. Relying on the body-maneuvering skill he created himself, he can even neutralize the wind resistance at his fastest speed. If Qin Yu moves with his entire power, his whole body will become a blur. Those with insufficient power will not even be able to see his silhouette.

Strength, agility, sensitivity, body’s resistance, Qin Yu has reached an inhuman level in every aspect.

In terms of strength alone, even Xiantian experts are far inferior to him. However, if Xiantian experts use the Xiantian internal energy in their bodies, it will be difficult for Qin Yu to defeat them. Those who have Xiantian energy are Xiantian experts. In spite of everything, they belong to the Xiantian level. Xiantian and Houtian are essentially different.

“After breaking through the peak of the Houtian level, I should be at the Xiantian level. But I practice external techniques. What must an external practitioner do to reach the Xiantian level?” Qin Yu whispers. For the moment he cannot come up with any solutions. After all no one has ever reached the Xiantian level through body training.

Suddenly a resounding eagle cry rises. Then the sharp whizzing sounds of an incoming gust of wind reach Qin Yu. A huge black eagle descends from the sky and lands beside him.

“You’ve arrived, Xiao Hei. This time you unexpectedly went out for 3 whole days. Brat, I even thought you’d forgotten me!” Qin Yu strokes the black eagle’s ‘crown’ cozily and says. Only he can stroke the black eagle’s ‘crown.’ Other people simply cannot touch it.

The black eagle is even one size larger than 2 years ago. It reaches 2 m in height by merely standing. Once it spreads its wings, Qin Yu can even turn his body round while lying on the back of the black eagle. The ‘crown’ was pure golden in the past, but now there is a tint of red in it, which makes it look like a flame.

The black eagle looks at Qin Yu resentfully and even flaps its wings hurriedly. As soon as Qin Yu sees this he laughs. He and the black eagle have been together for so many years so he can totally understand the meaning of every expression in the black eagle’s eyes.

“Alright, alright, you haven’t forgotten me. I misunderstood you, okay?” says Qin Yu laughingly.

Only now does the black eagle nod its head. Qin Yu cannot help giving a laugh.

“Xiao Hei, come, I haven’t fought you for a long time. Let’s spar.” As Qin Yu is saying, his body instantly charges toward the black eagle. He turns his hand into a claw and grabs at the eagle.

The black eagle gives a shake of its big head as if it is in a jolly mood. With a wave of its wing, it easily blocks Qin Yu’s blow. When Qin Yu’s eagle claw smashes on the black eagle’s wing, it unexpectedly makes a noise which sounds as if it has just hit steel. Qin Yu’s fingers are even stronger than that Eagle Claw King’s, yet the offensive force of his fingers cannot hurt the black eagle.

“Your black feathers are already even comparable to black iron.” Qin Yu retreats a step. Seeing that his fingers’ powerful offensive force could only leave a mark on some outermost feathers, he cannot help feeling powerless.

The black eagle’s feathers are shiny black and extremely sharp. It wings are covered in a thick layer of feathers, but Qin Yu’s fingers’ offensive force could not even break a small area of the feathers, therefore it can be imagined how terrifying the black eagle’s defense is.

The black eagle shakes its head proudly while flapping its wings in a disorderly manner.

“Don’t be cocky. It looks like I’ll have to use this one move.” Qin Yu quickly takes off his black iron arm guards and leg guards and the black gold undershirt. He immediately feels light as if his entire body is a swan feather.

The black eagle’s defense is awfully strong but its offence is even more shocking. Those 2 claws can even break black iron into pieces easily. They are definitely comparable to extremely good Xian-grade weapons. But the defense of Qin Yu’s body has difficulty withstanding even black iron weapons, not to mention the black eagle’s claws.

“Ha-ha, are you ready to be plucked?” Qin Yu’s whole body starts to move like a flash.

Yes, his only solution -- use speed!

The black eagle’s speed in midair is fast. Its agility on the ground is also pretty good. But compared to Qin Yu, who has extraordinary agility, it is still a bit slower. However, only after taking off the 300 jin of weights did Qin Yu become faster than the black eagle.

Whizz!

With a push of his feet, Qin Yu’s entire body turns into a blur. As soon as his feet touch the surrounding trees or rocks, he changes direction extremely fast. When he reaches his fastest speed, it looks as if he is attacking the black eagle from all directions at the same time.

With a wave of its wings, the black eagle starts to move extremely fast as well. It can also change direction very easily with a wave of the wings. The eagle’s body is designed entirely for the sake of speed so the wind resistance it experiences is minimized.

One man and one eagle are attacking each other extremely fast.

“Taste my Vigorous Diamond Finger!” Qin Yu’s forefinger pierces the air like a sharp arrow and hits the black eagle’s chest hard. This is his strongest finger force but it can only damage a small area of the feathers, while there is a thick layer of feathers on the black eagle’s chest.

The black eagle seems to be very angry. It unexpectedly redoubles its speed. In an instant, only various blurs can be seen at the site of the fight.

“Whoa, have you gone mad?” Qin Yu shouts loudly. His speed has also reached its limit. Using the Seven North Stars Moonlight Dance, he looks like a dancer in the moonlight. He easily moves extremely fast beside the black eagle while attacking it nonstop with his hands. Even though the black eagle’s speed is fast, every strike it executes is spotted very early by Qin Yu. This is because the basis of Qin Yu’s body-maneuvering skill is to make use of wind forces, but every time the black eagle attacks the winds automatically change, which is also detected by Qin Yu.

Suddenly --

A resounding eagle cry rises. The black eagle has finally gone mad.

“Hoo hoo ~~~” It flaps its wings extremely fast like crazy. In an instant, a typhoon seems to have started at the site of the fight. All of the nearby trees are bent toward the ground by the wind. Then, with several “clack” sounds, some branches are continuously broken. Naturally, this terrifying wind speed adversely affects Qin Yu’s movements.

Qin Yu gives a smile.

“Still the same old move.” Qin Yu’s body rushes northward very fast. Having fought each other frequently, he and the eagle are extremely familiar with each other’s techniques. Therefore, upon encountering this skill of the black eagle, he wastes no time rushing to a place.

The rocky forest!

The rocky forest’s name says it all. This is a place where rocks stand in great numbers. However, because this place have gone through several great fights between Qin Yu and the black eagle, all of the smaller rocks have already been blown away or broken into pieces. Now there are only some huge rocks which weigh several thousand jin left.

In the rocky forest,

Qin Yu is shuffling back and forth in the rocky forest easily. The black eagle is chasing him like a black thunderbolt. In terms of speed alone, the eagle is actually just a bit inferior to Qin Yu. But it is much less sensitive than him. Qin Yu can easily change direction while moving. Even if he is running eastward extremely fast, he can turn westward in an instant.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ......

Qin Yu continuously attacks the black eagle with different forms of hand strikes including knife hand, fist and spear hand while the eagle attacks him using a combination of its beak and wings. Those sharp claws, however, are not used to attack because, after all, only by flying up can it attack Qin Yu with the claws. But if it flies up, Qin Yu will not be able to do anything other than get attacked passively as he cannot fly, and the fight will become boring.

“Bang!” The black eagle makes a wave of a wing. After Qin Yu dodges the wing, it smashes on a huge rock on one side. Because the hardness of the eagle’s wings is really excellent, that wing actually shatters the huge rock.

Qin Yu suddenly throws a palm strike at the eagle’s neck but the eagle flashes away with a movement of its wings. Qin Yu’s heavy palm strike then fiercely hits a huge rock. Naturally, that huge rock is broken into pieces by this palm strike because, whether in terms of force or in in terms of toughness, Qin Yu’s palm strike is even more formidable than that of the Iron Sand Palm expert among the 8 great external experts at that time.

A man and an eagle keep fighting this way. It is really unlucky for the entire rocky forest because they blow up various huge rocks wherever they go to.

“Hah!” Uttering a loud shout, Qin Yu suddenly shoots up into the air then strikes down toward the black eagle. At this moment, the eagle is resting its back against a huge rock and basically has no way to dodge. But with an easy movement of its wings, it, unbelievably, moves away sideways several meters. Qin Yu’s heavy palm strike therefore hits the huge rock the eagle was resting its back against.

Boom!

The rock is shattered, but Qin Yu stops moving.

“Xiao Hei, let’s stop.” When Qin Yu’s palm strike hit, he felt something wrong because there was an intense reaction from this huge rock. There were also reactions when he shattered other huge rocks before, but they were nothing special. However, this huge rock’s reaction was really so tremendous that even his palm tingled.

Hearing Qin Yu’s shout, the black eagle also comes to see in doubt.

“This ... what is this?” Qin Yu looks at the flaming red rock before him in astonishment. No, it should be called a crystal rather than a rock. Can a rock which radiates flaming red rays of light still be called a rock?

Who could have thought that after a 10,000 jin huge rock was shattered there would be a flaming red crystal inside? This crystal is very large, almost half as tall as Qin Yu, and is a near perfect cylinder. To be exact, it is a rod, only that this rod is much shorter and thicker than normal rods. It is as thick as a human thigh.

Qin Yu holds this crystal with both hands and feels that it is warm.

“Oh, so heavy.” He is amazed to discover that the crystal is unusually heavy. He immediately exerts the strength of his hands. Suddenly, with a low shout, he lifts the flaming red crystal up. Qin Yu’s eyes pop out of his head at once: “Oh my goodness! Who could’ve thought such a small cylinder would weigh about 2000 jin?”

.

End of b2c10.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C11: Forging grandmaster (1)

“What is this thing actually?” Frowning, Qin Yu examines the flaming red crystal in his hands carefully. “This crystal is unusually heavy and even radiates flaming red rays of light. The crystal itself is also warm.”

Qin Yu has seen quite a lot of treasures in the princely mansion and has also read many books at Misty Villa so there are only few treasures on the Qian Long continent he still does not know about. However, when it comes to this flaming red crystal, he has absolutely no idea what it is.

Qin Yu drops the flaming red crystal. It causes a bang as it falls on the ground. Obviously it is shockingly heavy.

“Let’s test its hardness first. This crystal is so heavy, moreover, that rock-shattering palm strike of mine couldn’t break it, so it should be very hard.” Qin Yu forms a claw with his hand then executes the Eagle Claw Art technique. He fiercely grabs at the flaming red crystal.

A loud metallic noise rises. The flaming red crystal does not get even a scratch.

“Ss ~~” Qin Yu takes a deep cold breath. He feels the 5 attacking fingers tingling. That claw strike was executed with his entire power yet he could not even scratch the crystal therefore it is easy to imagine how great its hardness is. Qin Yu frowns and thinks. Suddenly he turns around and says: “Xiao Hei, you come and test how hard this crystal is.”

Xiao Hei shakes its head a couple of times in excitement. With a wave of the wings, it flies up then dives down. Using those sharp claws it grabs at the crystal ruthlessly.

A loud metallic clatter rises again but the crystal still does not get even a scratch. Xiao Hei lands on the ground and gives Qin Yu a wink, looking very disheartened as if it feels aggrieved because its claws have been defeated.

Qin Yu is dumbstruck. Only after a long time do his eyes glitter with excitement: “Ha-ha, I struck it rich. I struck it rich. Xiao Hei’s claws can even tear black iron easily like paper. Their hardness can match Xian-grade weapons’. Since even his claws can’t break the crystal, it’s at least a precious forging material. Well, let’s test again with the Yuchang sword.”

Whizz!

Qin Yu makes a wave with a hand. A shaft of black light flashes by, hacking fiercely at the flaming red crystal. A clang is heard. Holding the Yuchang sword in his hand, Qin Yu looks at the flaming red crystal before him in excitement: “Such a huge piece of first-class ore is definitely a priceless treasure. Perhaps it can even be forged into high-Xian-grade weapons.”

The Yuchang sword is a low-Xian-grade weapon.

Ores have to undergo many complex processes to be finally forged into weapons. But weapons are much harder than the ores they are made from. For example, the meteorites from which the Yuchang sword was forged would definitely not be able to withstand the chops made with the sword. Even the Yuchang sword cannot leave a mark on this flaming red crystal therefore its hardness must be at a shocking level.

Not even middle-Xian-grade ores can remain unblemished after being chopped at with the Yuchang sword, then how can this flaming red crystal?

“This is high-Xian-grade ore or perhaps ... even better.” Qin Yu’s eyes shine. It is simply impossible for normal people to imagine how much a martial art expert craves for a first-rate weapon. Qin Yu, of course, has been dreaming about an absolutely excellent weapon.

The crystal itself is already so much harder than the Yuchang sword, if it is forged into weapons, then...

“Xiao Hei, let’s return to the villa.” Qin Yu takes off his coat and covers the flaming red crystal with it. Then he lifts the crystal up in a hug. He also knows that he cannot let everyone know about such a treasure as this crystal. Even though he does not mind, he knows the rules of the princely mansion. In the mansion, even weapons of the Yuchang sword’s caliber are kept in secret, not to mention this much more precious flaming red crystal.

Hugging the 2000 jin crystal, Qin Yu immediately runs back to Misty Villa. Perhaps only he, who is so extraordinary, can carry this crystal.

At Misty Villa, Qin Yu walks out from an underground secret room in a relaxed manner.

“Carrying 2000 jin back from the depths of the forest was really a bit tiring.” With a smiling expression on his face, he moves his arms about. Having obtained such a treasure, Qin Yu is in high spirits: “If father hears about this, he’ll definitely be delighted.”

With a smile, Qin Yu goes toward Lian Yan’s habitation. Suddenly 2 people are approaching him from behind. One of them is a young man who is a bit taller than Qin Yu. The other is a delicately pretty young girl dressed in green. The young man is very robust while the young girl has dainty facial features. The most attractive thing about her is that air of delicacy.

“Brother Yu.” Seeing Qin Yu, the green-clad young girl’s eyes immediately brighten. She quickly runs up to him. “Brother Yu, this time you’ve already gone out for almost several days. Why don’t you see me for a while?” The young girl mutters.

“Xiao Lu, wait until I’m free, I’ll definitely spend more time with you.” Qin Yu tenderly strokes Xiao Lu’s head.

This green-clad young girl is none other than Xiao Lu and the young man beside her is Tie Shan. The brother and sister have asked to become Lian Yan’s disciples. Xiao Lu does not like fighting or killing so she has only been practicing her internal technique and usually spends her time piping. The jade pipe on her waist was given to her as a present by Qin Yu.

“You’re always saying when you have free time, but you’re always busy. Brother Yu, why can’t you take a break?” Xiao Lu looks a bit discontented. Her brother Yu usually says he will spend time with her when he is free, but heaven only knows when he will have free time.

“Take a break?” Qin Yu is slightly startled. From age 8 to age 18, the number of breaks Qin Yu really took can be counted on the fingers of one hand. He has always had a single-minded determination to train hard so that he can help his father as soon as possible and become a capable assistant to his father.

“Xiao Lu, don’t fool around.” Tie Shan reproves her then turns to Qin Yu and says with a smile: “Xiao Yu, you’re looking for Master, right? He’s taking a rest in the courtyard.”

“Good, then I’ll go find Grandpa Lian first.” Qin Yu bids them a farewell then goes toward Lian Yan’s place.

Xiao Lu, however, follows his back with her eyes. She slightly wrinkles her nose and says: “Brother Yu has always been busy. When will he ever have a rest?” Xiao Lu has been staying at Misty Villa for nearly 5 years so she naturally knows how hard Qin Yu trains.

“Xiao Lu, don’t say that. Xiao Yu is different from us. Even though he’s East Vanquishing Prince’s 3rd son, he chose external practice, the most painful path in martial arts. I remember when I first came here I saw him shoving his hands into iron grains!” Tie Shan seems to be recalling that scene he saw. Shoveling iron grains could only be used as a form of training after Qin Yu’s finger strength had reached a very high level. If he had used iron grains from the beginning, his fingers would have been finished.

Tie Shan’s eyes are full of wonderment: “Shoveling iron grains, his fingers must’ve hurt as if pierced by needles. The nerves of the fingertips are linked with the heart. Xiao Lu, you simply can’t imagine the pain he had to endure. However, finger strength training was only one of the numerous forms of limit training he underwent every day. From dawn till dusk, every form of training he did challenged the human body’s limits. His body has always been enduring the torment of defying limits. And he’s been training like this ... since he was 8.”

Following Qin Yu’s back with his eyes, Tie Shan has nothing but admiration for him.

Following Qin Yu’s back with her eyes, Xiao Lu’s eyes glisten.

In her heart, brother Yu is always carefree, big-hearted, and warm like the Sun. However, this brother Yu, despite being East Vanquishing Prince’s son, has been experiencing those utmost tortures to the body since 8 years old.

Despite having the Meteoric Tear, if Qin Yu wants to make use of its positive effects, he also has to train until reaching a physical limit. He has to train his fingers until they hurt as if broken off. He has to do deep squats until his legs have muscle cramps and his head is pounding ... Only when he reaches a physical limit will the Meteoric Tear release its fantastic power.

If he wants to get something, he has to pay first.

In order to reach his current level, Qin Yu has paid a lot, an awful lot.

In Lian Yan’s courtyard, Lian Yan is lying in a deck chair, drinking tea and enjoying the tranquility of the moment.

“Grandpa Lian.”

As soon as he hears Qin Yu’s familiar voice, Lian Yan smiles to the point where his eyes start to narrow. He turns to Qin Yu and says with a smile: “Xiao Yu, it’s so hard to see you. It’s still light now, yet you already returned from training.” Lian Yan is always unable to suppress his delight when he sees Qin Yu, just like how a grandpa can never help rejoicing at seeing his grandson.

Qin Yu goes up to him through the door of the courtyard. He wants to find a forging expert to handle that flaming red crystal. Naturally, when he wants to find a forging expert, the 1st thing he thinks about is to ask Lian Yan.

.

End of b2c11.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C12: Forging grandmaster (2)

“Grandpa Lian, I’ve obtained an extremely precious piece of ore. According to my estimation, it should be a high-Xian-grade ore.” Qin Yu’s first sentence makes Lian Yan suddenly jump up.

Lian Yan’s eyes are full of astonishment. He looks at Qin Yu in disbelief. Only after a long time does he says: “Xiao Yu, you can’t joke about this matter. High-Xian-grade ores are what even Xiantian experts dream about. The weapons forged from them will definitely be marvelous. How can first-rate ores of this kind be obtained easily?”

To people on the Qian Long continent, weapons are simply divided into mundane-grade ones and Xian-grade ones. The Xian-grade is then divided into 3 sub-grades. And it is the same with ores. Even East Vanquishing Prince with such a great influence only has several tens weapons hidden in the Weapon Storing Warehouse. Most of them are low-Xian-grade, some are middle-Xian-grade, but only 2 of them are high-Xian-grade.

“Grandpa Lian, how can I deceive you? I made a chop with the Yuchang sword to test and couldn’t even leave a mark. What can it be if it’s not high-Xian-grade?” Qin Yu immediately explains.

“You couldn’t even leave a mark when chopping with the Yuchang sword?” Lian Yan understands, if even the Yuchang sword cannot leave a mark, this piece of ore is definitely high-Xian-grade. “Xiao Yu, what does this piece of ore look like? How large is it, about the size of a fist?”

In general, the size of a piece of ore is inversely proportional to its value. If it is about the size of a fist, it will already be enough to forge such a weapon as a short sword or a short knife.

“A fist?” Qin Yu says in surprise.

The flaming red crystal he obtained is approximately 1 m high and as thick as a human thigh. It is much larger than a fist.

“Is it even smaller than a fist? Then it can only be made into a weapon such as a dagger and the like. But that’s still pretty good. At least you’ll have a high-Xian-grade weapon.” Lian Yan says laughingly. Only now does Qin Yu beside him understand what he means. He cannot help bursting out laughing.

“You’re wrong, Grandpa Lian. The piece of ore I found is very big and looks like a rod. It is 1 m high and as thick as a human thigh. It’s much bigger than a fist,” says Qin Yu while gesticulating with his hands.

Lian Yan’s eyes immediately pop out of his head. His cheeks even redden.

“A rod ... even 1 m high?”

Lian Yan is not Qin Yu. He thinks about many other things. Such a large piece of ore, and even of the high Xian-grade, will probably be enough to make several tens weapons. And they will be the most marvelous weapons of the high Xian-grade, no less!

Several tens weapons, what kind of idea is this?

“Of course it’s true. You needn’t ask.” Qin Yu feels at a loss when Lian Yan keeps asking again and again. However, he does not understand that this is because Lian Yan cannot believe what he said. If a pie was dropped from the sky, anybody would find it very hard to believe temporarily.

“Quick, let me have a look at it.” Lian Yan immediately says to Qin Yu, who nods his agreement at once. He then hurries Lian Yan to that underground secret room.

In the underground secret room, Lian Yan’s eyes glitter as he sees the flaming red crystal.

The flaming red crystal radiates a light red glow. It is very lustrous and clear. And even the grain inside the crystal can be seen. As soon as Lian Yan sees the crystal’s appearance, he knows this piece of ore is a priceless treasure. When compared with it, pearls and agates pale into insignificance.

Lian Yan gives his waist a pull. A purple flexible sword unexpectedly appears. He makes shaking movement with his hand and the purple flexible sword is straightened out perfectly at once. It then turns into a purple shaft of light and slashes at the flaming red crystal.

“As expected.” Lian Yan’s eyes shine with fierceness as he stares directly at the flaming red crystal before him: “Even my Purple Core flexible sword cannot damage it. It’s definitely high Xian-grade.” Lian Yan turns to Qin Yu on one side and says seriously: “Xiao Yu, such a priceless treasure must be taken to the princely mansion at once. If you want any superb weapons, you can ask Mr. Hei, a forging grandmaster, to make them for you. With such a big crystal, after you’ve forged your weapons and suit of armor, there’ll surely be some remnants. I think giving your father the remnants is not a bad idea, don’t you think?”

Hearing Lian Yan’s words, Qin Yu immediately understands everything.

The weapons made from such a priceless piece of ore will definitely be superb weapons. If these weapons are sent to his father, his father will surely be able to unleash their power in war. And Qin Yu never cares about money or treasures.

“No problem, I only need a tenth of this flaming red crystal. I’ll give father the rest.” Qin Yu says with a smile.

Looking at Qin Yu, Lian Yan’s eyes are full of approval: “Xiao Yu, you’re so young but you’re not bewitched by such a priceless treasure. Your mind has really far surpassed ordinary people’s minds.” When a person can stay unconcerned in front of such a priceless treasure, this person’s mind definitely cannot be matched by those of ordinary people. If a martial artist wants to make breakthroughs, their mind must be well-matched to their martial prowess.

Seeing the look in Lian Yan’s eyes, Qin Yu says: “Grandpa Lian, don’t look at me like that or I’ll get embarrassed.” He even looks very shy as he is saying. Seeing this, Lian Yan cannot help laughing out loud.

A person must cultivate their mind. As he has gone through difficult times, Qin Yu is such a person. Every time he breaks through a limit, his mind is trained, and he has been doing limit training since 8 years old, therefore his mind is much tougher than ordinary people’s.

Generally, people who are alone are independent and self-reliant. This is because if a person is usually alone they will naturally ponder.

Pondering about life, pondering about their own values, the more they ponder, the more thoroughly they can understand things.

Qin Yu is also like that. As a child, oftentimes he was alone and watched stars by himself. Later, after experiencing some events, his mind has fully matured. Now he totally understands what kind of person he should be -- To him, nothing in the world is as thick as blood or as important as family relationships. As far as money and treasures are concerned, if he already has enough to meet his basic needs, what is the use of having more? When 20,000 liang of silver are enough for a person to spend all their life, what is the point of wanting 100,000 liang? Therefore, he is naturally not greedy.

People have dreams. Qin Yu also has a dream. To him, family love comes first and his dream comes second. As for his own life, without family love and dreams, living would be no different from being a zombie.

Qin Yu likes the blood-boiling feeling he has after every time he breaks through a limit. He likes close-quarters combat and the intense emotions the moment life and death are decided. Qin Yu’s dream is to burn his passion of life like a meteor. To him, life must be blood-boiling like this...

“Grandpa Lian, have you arranged for someone to deliver this flaming red crystal to the mansion?” Qin Yu says with a smile.

“Right, I’ll make arrangements immediately.” Lian Yan says hurriedly. In dealing with serious matters, he must not relax his concentration a bit. He goes to make arrangements at once. Qin Yu takes a look at the flaming red crystal and thinks: “I didn’t think this crystal would be so useful to father. This can also be considered a benefit.” Then he turns around and leaves the secret room while smiling.

******

In a separate courtyard in the East Vanquishing Prince mansion, quite a few people have gathered together by this time, including East Vanquishing Prince’s 3 sons, Lian Yan and Manager Ge Min. There are also 3 bare-chested large men and a black-clad middle-aged man. All of them are looking at the flaming red crystal in the center.

“Is it possible to forge it, Mr. Hei?” Lian Yan asks the black-clad middle-aged man.

The black-clad middle-aged man does not reply. He goes up to the flaming red crystal, opens his eyes wide and carefully examines every place of the crystal. His attention is being concentrated highly. Seeing him acting like that, Qin Yu and the others on the side are all consciously unwilling to disturb this forging grandmaster.

.

End of b2c12.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 13
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C13: Forging grandmaster (3)

The black-clad middle-aged man examines for a long time, then, with his face full of extreme satisfaction, he turns to Qin Yu and exclaims in admiration: “Originally I thought this kind of priceless treasure could only be seen in the Immense Wilderness, the most dangerous place in the world. But 3rd Prince found this priceless treasure on the ordinary Dong Lan Mountain. This is really unbelievable.”

“I was just lucky,” says Qin Yu with a smile.

The black-clad middle-aged man turns to Lian Yan and says: “Senior Lian, since Mount Dong Lan had such a priceless treasure, you’ve searched again in the surroundings of this crystal, haven’t you?”

“Of course I searched.” Lian Yan shakes his head and says with a sigh: “But this kind of rare natural treasure can only be obtained by people with a predestined affinity with it. Xiao Yu found this treasure accidentally, but the several hundred experts I sent didn’t see a bit of ore even after turning the whole rocky forest over and shattering all the huge rocks.”

But Qin Feng says: “This flaming red crystal alone should already be enough for us. It was Xiao Yu’s destiny to find this flaming red crystal. So, when we searched again relentlessly, we shouldn’t be disheartened despite getting nothing.”

“That’s right. I’ve never heard of such a big chunk of first-class ore.” The black-clad middle-aged man stares at the flaming red crystal as if he is a cat looking at a fish.

“Mr. Hei, are you sure you can forge this flaming red crystal?” Qin Yu on one side asks. All the other people immediately stare at this forging grandmaster. Forging is not simple at all. Even when good materials are ready, it still requires a good forging expert.

East Vanquishing Prince actually had to pay a very high price in the past to obtain the services of this Mr. Hei. He has been staying in the princely mansion for over 10 years.

Mr. Hei shakes his head. All the others are stupefied.

“I can’t be certain without trying first.” With a grab, Mr. Hei takes off his black gown, revealing the naked top half of his body. He cannot help smiling slightly. It is only because he is extremely excited that he smiles. “It’s been a long time since I was in action with my entire power.”

“Bring me the Blue Flaming Water.” Mr. Hei gives an order.

“Yes!” A bare-chested large man immediately goes back to his room. After a while, he brings out a glass bottle. The bottle is containing a blue liquid. The strangest thing is that there is unexpectedly a light-colored layer of flames on the surface of this blue liquid.

Mr. Hei receives the glass bottle. Suddenly his hands start to redden. A heat flow starts to permeate through the air.

The eyes of the 3 bare-chested large men on one side all glitter.

“Master is finally getting into action. It’s been a very long time since we saw he was this serious.”

“Master’s Sky Burning Art has already reached the highest level. How formidable it is in action, I wonder?” The 3 large men are discussing with each other. These men are none other than Mr. Hei’s 3 personal disciples so naturally the East Vanquishing Prince mansion has placed emphasis on training them as well.

Qin Yu, Qin Feng, Qin Zheng, Lian Yan and Ge Min are all also watching this Mr. Hei.

Mr. Hei removes the glass bottle’s stopper. At the same time, he slightly tilts the bottle in his hand. The Blue Flaming Water immediately drops onto the flaming red crystal at once, causing a series of “ss ss” noises. The Blue Flaming Water is changing violently.

“This flaming red crystal is truly formidable. Even the Blue Flaming Water can’t leave a mark on it.” A disciple of Mr. Hei’s says in amazement.

After a while, that Blue Flaming Water has turned into a membrane which completely covers the flaming red crystal.

“Humph!” Mr. Hei utters a cold humph. His eyes suddenly glitter. His 2 hands immediately spew 2 streams of incandescent flames out directly onto the membrane on the surface of the flaming red crystal. That membrane is what the Blue Flaming Water changed into. However, the flaming red crystal unexpectedly remains unaffected.

“Martial brother, even Master’s Sky Burning Flames coupled with the Blue Flaming Water couldn’t leave a mark on it. How is this possible?” A disciple of Mr. Hei’s is shocked.

“Not even high-Xian-grade crystals can remain intact under Master’s Sky Burning Flames. This ...” Another disciple also becomes doubtful.

The excitement in Mr. Hei’s eyes heightens. Suddenly his face becomes very red then turns ashen. At the same time the flames on his hands start to shrink. However, the temperature in the courtyard suddenly increases.

“So strong.” Qin Yu is shocked. He can totally feel how terrifying the flames are. In his mind, he has a feeling that ... he is definitely no match for Mr. Hei. He even feels that the air in the entire courtyard has started to vibrate because of the high temperature.

Qin Yu’s guess is totally correct. Not only is this Mr. Hei a forging grandmaster, he has also reached the peak of the Xiantian level. He is one of the very best experts among East Vanquishing Prince’s subordinates.

“The special flames produced from Xiantian internal energy are much more formidable than ordinary flames. General Xian-grade ores can only be melted by flames like these.” Qin Yu praises Mr. Hei highly in his mind. But as soon as he takes a look at that flaming red crystal, he is dumbfounded.

Under such conditions, the flaming red crystal is still unimpaired.

“Humph!” Mr. Hei’s face suddenly blackens. “Bang!” With a loud bang, Mr. Hei’s entire body sends forth flames, which even burn away all of his clothes, except for his shorts. This pair of shorts is unexpectedly made of black gold threads.

Mr. Hei’s school obviously knew that when he utilized his internal energy to the utmost his whole body would send forth flames, therefore this black gold pair of shorts was passed down to him. Because they were knitted out of black gold threads, they are a real masterpiece. Only after saving for a long time did the elders in Mr. Hei’s school have that much black gold.

“That pair of shorts seems to be made of the same material as my black gold undershirt.” Qin Yu thinks to himself.

At the same time, the flames on Mr. Hei’s hands shrink even more, but they also become increasingly more incandescent. Heat waves start rolling in the entire courtyard one after another. All of the people around cannot help backing away a long distance.

“What flames! Even Xiantian experts’ bodies will be burnt up by them without leaving any ashes.” Qin Yu praises highly in his mind. Such flames can even melt Xian-grade ores, not to mention the human body.

Qin Yu and his 2 brothers, Lian Yan ... and the 3 disciples as well all stare at the flaming red crystal, hoping that this crystal can melt. If it cannot even be melted, how are they going to forge something out of it? As every second goes by, everybody’s eyes totally focus on the flaming red crystal.

Suddenly --

“Pu!” Mr. Hei spits out a mouthful of blood. The color of his face changes from being black to very white. In an instant, the flames on his whole body disappear as well.

“Master!” A disciple from behind immediately hands clothes to him. After getting dressed, Mr. Hei looks at the flaming red crystal and lets out a deep sigh. Then he turns around, looks at Qin Yu and the other people and says: “Gentlemen, I have no way to deal with this flaming red crystal.”

Seeing that Mr. Hei’s face is so pale, everybody knows that this forging grandmaster has tried his best.

“How is this possible? Mr. Hei, didn’t you forge this superb high-Xian-grade weapon for me some years ago? How come you can’t even melt the crystal now?” Qin Feng, grasping the battle knife on his waist, asks Mr. Hei. When Qin Feng reached the Xiantian level, in order to reward him, Qin De had a chunk of a high-Xian-grade ore forged into a superb weapon and gave it to Qin Feng.

Mr. Hei looks at the battle knife, shakes his head and says with a smile: “Idiot, you still don’t get it? This is certainly because this flaming red crystal is already superior to the high Xian-grade.”

Startled, Qin Yu asks doubtfully: “Could it be the highest grade of ores isn’t the high Xian-grade?” In Qin Yu’s mind, weapons are divided into mundane-grade ones and Xian-grade ones. In theory, the high Xian-grade should represent the best quality possible. How can there still be something ranked higher than the high Xian-grade?

“All of you know nothing.” Mr. Hei’s eyes radiate loftiness.

In the forging business, he is definitely a figure at the top of the pyramid.

“That so-called division of weapons into the mundane grade and the Xian grade only applies to us mortals. I’m asking you, what weapons do Shangxian use? Humph, even a high-Xian-grade battle knife, when coming up against a Shangxian’s flying sword, will be pierced through easily like paper.” There is a hint of loftiness on the corners of Mr. Hei’s mouth.

Everybody present is immediately shocked.

That is true. Because Shangxian can hover on the 9th level of the sky and kill an enemy from thousands of li away, what must the grade of their weapons be? Actually, Qin Yu and the others have heard that those flying swords can fly extremely far and kill someone from thousands of li away and, moreover, not even high Xian-grade weapons can withstand them.

“Mundane grade and Xian grade are merely terms coined by us mortals. The scope of our understanding is only that big. It’s simply impossible for us to imagine the world of Shangxian. This flaming red crystal, if I guess correctly, should be a material to forge Shangxian weapons.” Staring at the flaming red crystal, Mr. Hei says very firmly.

Qin Yu looks at the flaming red crystal. It is still intact and emits a light red glow.

“What’s the use of this flaming red crystal? It can’t even be melted, how can it be forged into weapons?” Qin Feng shakes his head and says. Everybody, including Lian Yan and Qin Yu, has a powerless expression on his face. That is right. They cannot even melt it, how can they make weapons out of it?

Qin Yu shakes his head and says with a smile: “Forget it. When even Mr. Hei can’t melt it, there aren’t any people in the world who can melt and forge it.”

“Well, don’t be so disappointed, Third Prince. I have no way to melt it. But there’s still a real forging grandmaster who can melt and forge it,” says Mr. Hei with a smile. Hearing this, everyone looks at him in doubt, including his 3 disciples.

A real forging grandmaster?

“There’s still a forging grandmaster more capable than Mr. Hei?” Qin Zheng says doubtfully. All the people present are looking at Mr. Hei in doubt.

Mr. Hei says with a confident smile: “All of you don’t know about this so I’ll tell you a secret, but don’t spread it. Actually, not only is a Shangxian an invincible expert, at the same time ... he is definitely a forging expert as well.”

“Oh?” All of the people present know that Shangxian are invincible and that their flying swords can kill people very easily. However, they do not know anything about Shangxian’s level in forging.

“All Shangxian can use a kind of flame. That flame is much more formidable than the flame of my internal energy. With that kind of flame, won’t it be very easy to forge a weapon? In fact, you’ll all understand if you think about it. Every Shangxian has at least a flying sword, but where do their flying swords come from? Could they be dropped from the sky, or are they forged?” Mr. Hei says to everyone in a mysterious manner.

Only now does everyone realize what he means.

“Right, I’ll send for Shangxian Fengyuzi at once,” says Lian Yan immediately.

However, Qin Yu looks up and gives a whistle. He then looks at everyone and says: “Xiao Hei has the fastest speed. Xiao Hei and I will go to invite Uncle Feng.” In a moment, a beam of black light shoots down directly from the sky. It is none other than the black eagle. Qin Yu gets on its back like a flash. The black eagle then utters an eagle cry and flies outward directly extremely fast.

.

End of b2c13.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 14
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C14: The Xiuzhen world (1)

The Qian Long continent has a strangely large number of species of wild beasts. Quite a few people have tamed wild birds and beasts. However, these tamed birds and beasts in general are only loyal to their own masters, therefore other people basically cannot ride them and, moreover, it is difficult to domesticate wild beasts on a large scale. Ordinarily, their job is to help deliver messages or invitations as Qin Yu is doing.

When war breaks out, most of those bird owners will become military intelligence personnel or form airborne raiding squadrons. There is a wide variety of ways to fight a battle on the Qian Long continent. The use of various kinds of birds and beasts makes the fighting even more colorful and unpredictable. Moreover, everyone in an army does internal practice. For example, in the army under East Vanquishing Prince’s command, any junior soldier who has joined the army for a year is eligible to practice the lowest consummate technique of the Five Consummate Military Combat Techniques. Every junior soldier in this army is powerful enough to kill 7 or 8 ordinary people. When a soldier has more military merit, he will have a higher status, which will also allow him to practice the higher levels of the Five Consummate Military Combat Techniques.

On the Qian Long continent, when war breaks out, urgently recruited soldiers simply cannot compare with regular soldiers. At least in terms of quality, they are so much inferior to regular soldiers. A 200,000 strong regular corps can eliminate a large army of 1,000,000 ordinary people who have been enlisted forcibly.

Sitting on the back of the black eagle, Qin Yu looks down at the ground. In a short while he has already gone out of Yan City.

“In terms of speed, it seems I’ve never heard of any kind of bird which can match the black eagle.” Qin Yu strokes the black eagle’s neck while smiling.

The speed of the black eagle is astonishingly fast. At least according to Qin Yu’s knowledge, there are no birds as fast as the black eagle. After all, eagles are already always extremely fast, and Qin Yu’s black eagle is a special kind of eagle which is even 2 or 3 times faster than ordinary eagles.

The black eagle dives down, heading directly for a thatched cottage. This thatched cottage is exactly where Fengyuzi usually lives. There is a lake in its surroundings. The area around the cottage is very quiet. Since it shows no signs of human habitation, no one will come to disturb him.

At this moment, a Xian crane flies up from the lake nearby on one side of the house. It is none other than Fengyuzi’s transport. Fengyuzi himself is standing outside the thatched cottage. Looking up at Qin Yu, who is descending from the sky, he smiles broadly.

“Uncle Feng,” shouts Qin Yu in excitement after jumping down directly from the back of the black eagle.

“Xiao Yu, why have you come to my place?” Fengyuzi says with a smile. Fengyuzi himself is so much older than even Lian Yan but he and Qin De treat each other like brothers. He is the kind of person who does not regard age as important.

When Qin Yu is about to say, he suddenly notices that Fengyuzi’s eyes are unexpectedly totally focusing on the black eagle.

“Uncle Feng, what’s the matter? You know what Xiao Hei is, don’t you?” asks Qin Yu doubtfully. Fengyuzi is staring at the black eagle but the black eagle simply does not give him a look. After a long time, Fengyuzi shakes his head and says: “That’s strange. Judging by the crown of its head, this seems to be a Golden Flame Eagle, the king of eagles. But not only does a Golden Flame Eagle have a flame-like golden crown, its entire body’s feathers are also golden. Moreover, it is covered in blazing flames while this black eagle’s body is pitch-black and its claws also have an ice-cold black color.”

For the present, Fengyuzi still cannot tell what it is.

“Moreover, the Golden Flame Eagle is extremely powerful. Even when it’s just a few years old, using its body-protecting golden flame alone it can already cope with Jindan-stage Xiuzhenists. But obviously this black eagle is equal to a Xiantian-level mortal at best. It’s much weaker than a Golden Flame Eagle,” says Fengyuzi while frowning.

Hearing Fengyuzi’s words, Qin Yu also knows he cannot recognize what kind of bird the black eagle is either.

“Uncle Feng, you mentioned Jindan-stage Xiuzhenists or something, who are they? According to your meaning, they seem to be even more formidable than Xiantian experts. Aren’t Shangxian the ones superior to Xiantian experts?” asks Qin Yu doubtfully.

“Ah ...” Only now does Fengyuzi shift his attention away from the black eagle. Seeing Qin Yu’s doubtful expression, he shakes his head and says with a smile: “Jindan-stage Xiuzhenists, I, your Uncle Feng, am a Jindan-stage Xiuzhenist.”

“Uncle Feng?” Qin Yu immediately frowns deeply.

In his mind, Xiantian experts are already extremely formidable and Shangxian, who are superior to Xiantian experts, are invincible beings. Now that Qin Yu has heard Fengyuzi say he is only a Jindan-stage Xiuzhenist, he is wondering what Fengyuzi means. What is a Xiuzhenist? And what is the Jindan-stage?

Fengyuzi says with a smile: “Alright, let’s talk about this later. Ah, why have you come to find me? You can’t be here just to see your Uncle Feng, right?”

Only now does Qin Yu remember why he has come here. He quickly puts the matter regarding the Jindan stage and Xiuzhenists aside and says: “Uncle Feng, I obtained a flaming red crystal. That crystal is too hard. Even Mr. Hei using his entire power couldn’t leave a mark on it. Mr. Hei said ...”

“What?!” Fengyuzi suddenly says in astonishment.

Qin Yu is startled by Fengyuzi’s amazement. In his mind, Fengyuzi is always collected with a smiling expression as if nothing in the world, not even world-shattering events, would be able to shock him. However, unexpectedly the eyes of this Shangxian are popping out of his head in front of Qin Yu.

“Even that brat with the surname Hei in the princely mansion couldn’t leave a mark on it?” Fengyuzi asks again to confirm.

Qin Yu can only nod without understanding Fengyuzi’s meaning.

Fengyuzi’s eyes immediately glitter: “That brat Hei’s Sky Burning Art or something has reached the highest level, added to that his school’s unique Blue Flaming Water, then even pretty good ores can be melted easily. But this flaming red crystal didn’t even get scratched. What precious kind of ore is this flaming red crystal actually?”

“Where is this flaming red crystal?” Fengyuzi stares at Qin Yu and asks.

“In the princely mansion.” Qin Yu immediately replies.

“Good, let’s go now.” Fengyuzi does not call the Xian crane. A flying sword suddenly appears under his feet and expands. He grabs Qin Yu and makes him also stand on the sword. Then, paying no attention to the black eagle, he thus flies directly toward Yan City.

“Uncle Feng, we want you to come to ...” Qin Yu hurriedly says. Even though he came to ask Fengyuzi to forge the flaming red crystal, he has not told him about this yet.

Fengyuzi says with a smile: “You needn’t say. I know why you came. That precious kind of ore simply isn’t something any of you can forge. Only the Samadhi flame of Xiuzhenists can help forge it.” Qin Yu also understands what Fengyuzi says. However, he is curious about what the Samadhi flame is.

In just a while, Qin Yu’s attention has totally been shifted onto the flying sword. As for the black eagle, he is not worried about it. He knows the black eagle can find him easily. It does not matter where he is, the eagle can always find him. This is perhaps because a special telepathy has been formed between him and the eagle after being together for the last 11 years.

“So this is a flying sword.” Qin Yu stares at the huge flying sword in wonderment.

There are written talismans and markings on the sword. At the same time, the sword sends forth fierce gusts of air successively. In his mind, Qin Yu is certain that, if Fengyuzi wants to kill someone, the fierce sword air of his flying sword alone can put to death Xiantian-level experts.

The flying sword is alterable in size, which is extremely marvelous. And it is very fast, even much faster than the black eagle.

In only a short while, the 2 of them have already arrived in the princely mansion. Without waiting for Qin Yu to say anything, Fengyuzi lands directly on that courtyard. Seeing Fengyuzi, all the people in the courtyard including Qin Feng, Qin Zheng, Lian Yan and Mr. Hei hurriedly salute: “It is an honor to see you, Shangxian.”

Fengyuzi’s eyes, however, are totally focusing on the flaming red crystal before him and shining very brightly.

“My heaven, it is In-rock Flaming iron.” Fengyuzi remembers that, when he was still practicing in the Overseas Immortal Islands, an elder of his school was so happy after finding a chunk of In-rock Flaming iron in the depths of the ocean. A flying sword was then forged from it and given to a Yuanying-stage senior of his as a reward for meritorious service.

But that In-rock Flaming iron chunk was not like the chunk of In-rock Flaming iron before him. It was only a tenth as large as this one.

“Whose is this?” Fengyuzi immediately asks the people around.

“Xiao Yu accidentally found this on Mount Dong Lan.” Lian Yan immediately replies. Fengyuzi turns to Qin Yu, his heart full of disbelief. He once spent a good few years searching in the Immense Wilderness but could only find ordinary ores.

He has always thought that no place on the Qian Long continent other than the Wilderness has an ore of this caliber.

“Good, I’ll forge this crystal. Xiao Yu, as the owner of this crystal, you are to decide what to do with it. So follow me.” Fengyuzi makes a wave of his hand. A vigorous stream of energy instantly covers the flaming red crystal. The 2000 jin crystal thus flies up.

“Yes!” Even though Qin Yu is doubtful, he still follows Fengyuzi.

In the princely mansion, Fengyuzi has some specialized secret rooms. Without his permission, even East Vaquishing Prince Qin De cannot enter these rooms. At present, Fengyuzi takes Qin Yu into a secret room which is specifically used for forging holy objects.

.

End of b2c14.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 15
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C15: The Xiuzhen world (2)

Holding a teacup in his hand, but Qin De is looking outside through the window.

“Xu Yuan, that Shangguan Hong has already come as well, hasn’t he?” Qin De slowly asks.

Standing in the dark behind Qin De, Xu Yuan says with a nod: “According to intelligence, North Vanquishing Prince Shangguan Hong has already arrived. Since tomorrow is the day of negotiation, given this Shangguan Hong’s foxiness, he definitely can’t arrive on the last day.”

Xu Yuan suddenly says: “Your Highness, there are still 3 years until our great undertaking is started, why do you want to meet Shangguan Hong this urgently?”

Xu Yuan also knows that South Vanquishing Prince’s Mu clan is very loyal and will definitely stand by the Xiang royal clan. East Vanquishing Prince Qin De simply has no hope that he will be able to persuade South Vanquishing Prince to join him. Only a fence-sitter like North Vanquishing Prince can be persuaded. Therefore, he wants to draw the Shangguan clan to his side.

Qin De puts the teacup down. The corners of his mouth slightly curve upward: “Xu Yuan, there’s no other way. Today leader of the Xiang clan’s secret service in the 3 Eastern region counties has been replaced with Zhen Xu.”

“Zhen Xu!” Xu Yuan immediately has a mental picture of an eerie cold pair of eyes.

“Yes, it’s exactly Zhen Xu. In the past I knew very clearly about the level of that leader. He definitely wouldn’t be able to find out the real power of our army. But this Zhen Xu isn’t useless like him. In my estimation, a half year will already be enough for him to discover the real number of troops we have in the 3 Eastern region counties,’ says Qin De with a somewhat solemn expression.

Xu Yuan is also very intelligent so he instantly understands what Qin De means.

“Your Highness, then this time isn’t your trump card in negotiation ...” In his mind, Xu Yuan cannot help admiring Qin De.

“Yes, it’s just like that.” Qin De’s face only has a smiling expression. “After seeing his reactions following this event I’ll have to decide which side this Shangguan Hong will go to and seek refuge with. Of course, we mustn’t entrust our hope to him regardless.”

Xu Yuan nods and says: “To be able to make Shangguan Hong remain neutral will already be enough.”

“Your Highness, I still have a piece of good news.” Xu Yuan is all smiles as he hands Qin De a letter.

“Oh!” Qin De receives the letter. As soon as he looks at it, his eyes brighten. He then laughs out loud: “Yu’er has been a big help to me. It’s such a big chunk of ore, and it’s even the high Xian-grade. Many superb weapons can be forged out of such a big chunk of ore. This is really good news.”

This letter was written by Lian Yan. Lian Yan also wrote for Qin Feng and Qin Zheng, who then returned to the princely mansion. However, Qin De has not returned because of an important matter. He simply does not know that the flaming red crystal is definitely not a high-Xian-grade ore. Rather, it is In-rock Flaming iron, which is even much more precious than high-Xian-grade ores.

“Good, good, when I return I’ll definitely give Yu’er a handsome reward.” Qin De is immediately in high spirits. “Xu Yuan, you go make careful arrangements for tomorrow event once again. There mustn’t be a mistake.”

“Yes, I take my leave!” Xu Yuan folds his hands and says. Then he leaves the room.

Qin De grasps the letter in his hand. His face has a faint smile of an affectionate father.

......

In Yan City, in Fengyuzi’s specialized secret forging room in East Vanquishing Prince mansion,

The roof of the secret room is a dome and its floor is square, implying the notion that the sky is round and the ground is square. In the center of the room, there is a gold-plated symbol of the Eight Diagrams. Various rays of light are moving between the Eight Diagrams. A billowing current of air is naturally spreading out from the symbol and sweeping through the entire secret room. There are 3 bulrush mats outside the 8 Diagrams. At the moment, Fengyuzi is sitting on the middle mat while Qin Yu is sitting on one side.

“Go!” Fengyuzi points with a hand and the In-rock Flaming iron chunk is sent flying directly into the center of the 8 Diagrams. As it arrives, he withdraws his internal energy. That chunk of In-rock Flaming iron unexpectedly keeps floating above the 8 Diagrams as if being supported by a miraculous power from the gold-plated 8 Diagrams.

Seeing this miraculous scene, Qin Yu is very shocked and becomes even more curious about the world of Shangxian.

Flying swords, Jindan-stage Xiuzhenists, the Samadhi flame, and the miraculous 8 Diagrams before him ...

Any of those things makes Qin Yu wonder in curiosity what the world of Shangxian actually is.

“Xiao Yu, you found this chunk of In-rock Flaming iron so it’s naturally yours. I wonder if I can take a small piece of it, about the size of a fist,” say Fengyuzi in a somewhat embarrassed manner. As a Shangxian, he is very ashamed to ask his junior for a piece of the treasure.

However, Fengyuzi really thirsts for a piece of In-rock Flaming iron. Even though his flying sword is pretty good, in terms of material, it cannot compare with In-rock Flaming iron. To Xiuzhenists, both medicinal pills and good crystals are the most desirable things.

“Of course you can. Just take as you wish, Uncle Feng.” Qin Yu is no longer a kid. He understands very well that this Fengyuzi is the ultimate expert on his father’s side. Moreover, if Fengyuzi has an even better flying sword, his overall power will increase. In addition, since the chunk of In-rock Flaming iron is so large, Qin Yu does not care about a piece as small as a fist.

“Of course, since I can take a piece of In-rock Flaming iron the size of a fist, I now owe you a great favor. If you have any request, just say it. Uncle Feng will promise you anything,’ says Fengyuzi hurriedly. As a Shangxian no less, he naturally has to return the favor after being given a piece of treasure by another person.

“Any request is possible?” Qin Yu’s eyes brighten.

Fengyuzi nods smilingly: “Yes, any request that I can fulfill is possible.”

“Then please tell me about the world of Shangxian. You’ve mentioned things like Xiuzhenist and Samadhi flame, I’m very curious about them,” says Qin Yu hurriedly.

“Only this request?” Fengyuzi is startled.

Qin Yu says smilingly: “Yes, only this request. In fact, what I want the most is that my dantian will become normal so that I can accumulate internal energy and become a Xiantian expert, or even a Shangxian. Uncle Feng can pick one of these 2 requests.” Qin Yu gives a he-he laugh.

Fengyuzi shakes his head with a forced smile.

“I too can do nothing about your dantian. Alright, then I’ll explain the world of Xiuzhenists to you.” Fengyuzi arranges his mind a bit then says: “Actually, the so-called Shangxian on the Qian Long continent are not real immortal beings at all. They are merely Xiuzhenists, that is, people who seek to become immortal beings.”

“Xiuzhenists?” Qin Yu says doubtfully.

Fengyuzi says: “Yes, if a mortal wants to become an immortal, he’ll have to go through countless tribulations. At the completion of the Xiantian level he will encounter the 4-in-9 Minor Heavenly Tribulation. If he can overcome this minor heavenly tribulation, he will join the ranks of Xiuzhenists and become a Jindan-stage Xiuzhenist. Your Uncle Feng is none other than a Jindan-stage Xiuzhenist.”

“4-in-9 Minor Heavenly Tribulation?” Qin Yu does not understand this name at all.

Fengyuzi says with a smile: “Practicing is an act of rebellion against Heaven so the practitioner of course must endure heavenly tribulations. The 4-in-9 Minor Heavenly Tribulation is even much easier than the succeeding 2 major heavenly tribulations. The extent of Xiuzhenists’ power is divided into the Jindan stage, the Yuanying stage, the Dongxu stage, the Kongming stage, the Dujie stage, and the Dacheng stage. Each stage is divided into 3 phases: early, middle and late. Only by going through countless tribulations and reaching the Dacheng stage will the practitioner be able to ascend to a higher world and finally become an immortal. To be frank, I’ve joined the ranks of Xiuzhenists for only a short time, but on the Qian Long continent I’m already called Shangxian. I’m really deeply ashamed.”

Only now does Qin Yu understand. It turns out these experts who are thought to be Shangxian on the Qian Long continent are merely Jindan-stage Xiuzhenists. They are still a long distance from becoming immortals.

“The path of a Xiuzhenist is beset on all sides by dangers. After going through the 4-in-9 Minor Heavenly Tribulation, his lifespan will increase to over 1000 years. A Yuanying-stage Xiuzhenist can live more than 5000 years. After reaching the late phase of the Yuanying stage, upon his completion of this phase, he will call forth the 6-in-9 Major Heavenly Tribulation. Only by overcoming this 6-in-9 Major Heavenly Tribulation can he enter the Dongxu stage, where his yuanying and his soul can merge together. Only from this point can his yuanying leave his body, which makes him practically immortal.” Fengyuzi’s eyes glitter.

“Pity the 6-in-9 Major Heavenly Tribulation is too terrifying. Moreover, the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation is not something everyone can encounter. To reach the Dongxu stage from the Yuanying stage, the practitioner’s soul must experience the most fundamental transformation. Many experts have reached the late Yuanying stage for several thousand years. Eventually they will only die if they can’t make a breakthrough in their souls and call down the 6-in-9 Major Heavenly Tribulation,” says Fengyuzi with a sigh.

Qin Yu’s mind is in turmoil.

A thousand years?

A Xiuzhenist’s lifespan is counted by the thousand and upon reaching the Dongxu stage he is practically immortal. What kind of world is that?

.

End of b2c15.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 16
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C16: The Xiuzhen world (3)

“Moreover, the 4-in-9 Minor Heavenly Tribulation and the 6-in-9 Major Heavenly Tribulation simply can’t compare with the last one, the 9-from-9th Heaven Tribulation. The terrifying dangers of the 9-from-9th Tribulation simply aren’t what a little Jindan-stage Xiuzhenist like me can imagine. Dujie-stage experts all have enough power to shake the world, but under the 9-from-9th Heaven Tribulation, there may not be even 1 who can definitely survive it in every 10 of them. Failure means that their souls will be destroyed completely and they will never be reincarnated.” Fengyuzi’s eyes are full of fear.

According to his school’s elders’ exaggerations, the 9 From 9th Heaven Tribulation is an absolute disaster.

“Less than 1 out of 10 survives? Complete destruction of the soul?”

Qin Yu is totally shocked. Now he totally understands what kind of being Xiuzhenists are. They are a group of people who go against Heaven. In order to overcome the human limits, they fight Heaven and Hell. They are not afraid of anything.

When tribulations descend from the sky, Xiuzhenists can only risk their lives to endure them. If they succeed, they will continue to advance on the way to the ultimate universal principle. If they fail, their souls will be destroyed completely.

Having totally understood, Qin Yu cannot help sighing: “Jindan stage, Yuanying stage, Dongxu stage, Kongming stage, Dujie stage and Dacheng stage, it seems to be difficult to break through any of them. To enter the Jindan stage, one must endure the Minor Heavenly Tribulation. To enter the Dongxu stage, he must endure the Major Tribulation. When he reaches the Dujie stage, he must endure the 9 From 9th Heaven Tribulation. With the 3 heavenly tribulations blocking the 3 critical points on the road of Xiuzhen, perhaps only very few people can finally become real immortal beings.”

Hearing Qin Yu’s words, Fengyuzi’s indignation seems to be aroused. He says with a cold laugh: “It’s far worse than there being only very few of them. All who want to overcome the 9 From 9th Heaven Tribulation to become immortals are extremely talented but they still have to protect themselves with top-grade holy weapons and use holy pills and so on. But how can ordinary people obtain top-grade holy weapons and a large number of holy pills? When I reached the Jindan stage, my school bestowed a flying sword on me but it was merely a low-grade holy weapon. To someone like me, overcoming the later major heavenly tribulations is no more than a dream without high-grade holy weapons. But I don’t have an advantaged background. In my school I’m only an insignificant disciple, how can I obtain a high-grade holy weapon?”

As soon as Qin Yu hears that he totally understands. He thinks to himself: “Looks like Uncle Feng was not valued while practicing in the Immortal Islands originally.”

“These holy weapons and holy pills, what are they actually, Uncle Feng?” asks Qin Yu.

Fengyuzi takes a deep breath to calm down then says: “Xiao Yu, there’s a similarity between a Xiuzhenist’s power and a martial artist’s internal power to the extent that you can make a comparison between holy weapons and normal weapons. With a good holy weapon, the overall power will increase greatly.”

Qin Yu totally understands this analogy.

It is just like when he fought that mounted bandit leader Wu Tuan at the age of 13. His overall power was obviously inferior to Wu Tuan’s, but thanks to the Yuchang sword, eventually he was able to penetrate Wu Tuan’s body-protecting internal energy and kill him directly. This is the benefit of weapons.

“Xiuzhenists use very many weapons. Most of them are flying swords but there are also some strange weapons. All of them are uniformly called holy weapons. Holy weapons are divided into 4 grades: low-grade, middle-grade, high-grade and top grade. As for holy pills, they are various kinds of medicinal pills with different effects. When undergoing a tribulation, your body’s elemental energy will be drained most seriously, so it’s best to take medicinal pills to replenish it. Similarly, holy pills are divided into 4 grades: low, middle, high and top.” Fengyuzi explains carefully.

Qin Yu absorbs every bit of information about Xiuzhenists’ power stages, the subdivision of the stages and the effects of holy weapons and holy pills while continuously arranging them in his mind. He remembers clearly that there are 3 heavenly tribulations and there are 6 stages from the Jindan stage to the Dacheng stage.

“Elemental energy? Could it be how the energy of a Xiuzhenist’s body is called?” asks Qin Yu.

“Yes, upon forming the jindan, a Xiuzhenist’s internal energy will transform from Xiantian energy into elemental energy,” says Fengyuzi smilingly. Then he says with a sigh: “Xiao Yu, the world of Xiuzhenists isn’t as nice as you think. In the Xiuzhen world, they can kill each other because of natural treasures or because of a piece of a good ore. For example, this chunk of In-rock Flaming iron can even lead to a great battle between many Xiuzhenists. A great battle between Xiuzhenists, especially those experts who have reached the Dongxu stage or the Kongming stage, can turn the ocean over and shake the world. Natural treasures, holy pills, holy weapons and so on can all drive Xiuzhenists crazy,” says Fengyuzi with a smile.

But Qin Yu’s mind is in turmoil.

He is totally imagining how a great battle between Xiuzhenists looks like. When a Jindan-stage Xiuzhenist is already so formidable that he is absolutely invincible on the Qian Long continent, then how terrifying will a great battle between Xiuzhenists of the Yuanying stage, the Dongxu stage, or even the Kongming stage, the Dujie stage and so on, be?

Once a Xiuzhenist gets so furious that he goes on a killing spree, mountains will collapse and the ground will crack, rivers and the ocean will be turned over, and countless mortals will die as well.

Even if a Xiuzhenist’s hands are tied, flying his sword, he can soar to the 9th level of the sky and disappear on the horizon, and mortals simply cannot catch up with him.

To sum up,

Xiuzhenists and mortals are basically on 2 different levels. Regardless of who a Xiuzhenist wants to kill, mortals have absolutely no way to resist.

“Perhaps in the eyes of Xiuzhenists, the people on the entire Qian Long continent are no different from ants. These are 2 different worlds. The world of Xiuzhenists is about pursuing the endless Way of Heaven and striving to overcome tribulations to become immortal whereas mortals kill each other for power,” thinks Qin Yu emotionally to himself.

Qin Yu has totally understood what a Xiuzhenist is. At the same time his mind has been broadened.

The Qian Long continent’s Shangxian? They are no more than some most common Jindan-stage Xiuzhenists from the Overseas Immortal Islands. In the world of Xiuzhenists, the Jindan stage is merely the lowest level, yet these few Jindan-stage Xiuzhenists are called Shangxian and are supreme beings on the Qian Long continent.

An idea suddenly springs to Qin Yu’s mind.

“Uncle Feng, as far as I can see, Xiuzhenists seem fight Heaven and Hell to overcome the human limits. But, to pursue the human limits, is the way of entering the Jindan stage then forming the yuanying as you said the only way? Could there be another way?” says Qin Yu doubtfully.

According to his thinking, because Xiuzhen is about pursuing the human limits, there should be various ways.

Uncle Feng thinks for a while then shakes his head and says with a smile: “Xiao Yu, forget about it. I don’t know who the first Xiuzhenist was. Perhaps there were already Xiuzhenists several million years, or even several tens million to 100 million years ago. You mentioned different ways. There are different ways. Humans can choose either Xiuxian or Xiumo while most animals take the Xiuyao way. Xiuxianists and Xiumoists go different ways but they all form the jindan then the yuanying. Animals form the neidan, but I don’t know too well about the Xiuyao way.”

“Is it a must to form the jindan then the yuanying?” Qin Yu whispers.

Could this be a manifestation of the fact that different ways lead to the same ultimate universal principle?

“Ah, right.” Fengyuzi suddenly says. “Xiao Yu, a long, long time ago, of course I hadn’t been born at that time, a great incident happened on the Qian Long continent -- the War of Immortals. Perhaps that mysterious man who fought in the War of Immortals didn’t follow a way of practice which forms the jindan and yuanying.”

.

End of b2c16.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2, 17
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C17: The 3 diagrams

“War of Immortals?” Qin Yu asks doubtfully.

With his eyes glittering, Fengyuzi says: “Yes, I heard about it from my seniors when I was still practicing in the Overseas Immortal Islands. The participants in that event consisted of several loose immortals and several tens Kongming stage and Dujie stage experts. Their leader was even a Dacheng stage Xiuzhenist...”

“Hold on, what’s a loose immortal?” Qin Yu says hurriedly.

Fengyuzi shakes his head and says with a smile: “I even forgot to talk about loose immortals. While enduring the 9 From 9th Heaven Tribulation, some Xiuzhenists knew they wouldn’t be able to overcome it so they tried their best to save their own yuanyings and souls. Because their physical bodies then got destroyed, they could only keep practicing as loose immortals. You should know that loose immortals are very powerful. Generally they’re a bit more powerful than even Dujie-stage experts.”

“Loose immortals are this powerful? A Dacheng-stage Xiuzhenist, who had overcome all the tribulations, several loose immortals, and even several tens Kongming-stage and Dujie-stage experts, why did they gather together?” asks Qin Yu.

“To kill a man. Only to kill a man.” Fengyuzi’s expression becomes solemn.

“To kill a man? So many experts only to kill a man?” Qin Yu cannot imagine that so many people gathered just to kill a man.

Who was this man? Qin Yu even thinks about a real immortal.

Fengyuzi says with a nod: “Yes, according to the Xiuzhen world’s legends, that mysterious man basically wasn’t a yuanying Xiuzhenist. In the end, he went mad and burst forth an incandescent kind of energy, as if he was ... the Sun. This energy was world-shattering. It killed all of that many experts at that time including the Dacheng-stage Xiuzhenist!” Saying to here, Fengyuzi even becomes excited.

“Xiao Yu, do you know what happened next? Do you know?” Fengyuzi’s entire body has become excited. He holds Qin Yu’s shoulders with a movement and asks him while staring at him.

Qin Yu hurriedly shakes his head.

He cannot imagine there was such a powerful person, who could kill even a Dacheng-stage expert in addition to several loose immortals.

“Those weak Xiuzhenists who were hiding very far away unexpectedly discovered that ... after killing so many people that mysterious man started to undergo a heavenly tribulation. It was the 9 From 9th Heaven Tribulation. My goodness, he killed a Dacheng-stage expert, he killed so many loose immortals and Dujie-stage experts, but that mysterious man hadn’t even gone through the last tribulation!” Fengyuzi’s entire body becomes excited. “He hadn’t gone through the last tribulation, Xiao Yu. Without going through it his power was already at such a great level. If he had overcome the tribulation then ...”

Qin Yu is also shocked.

Who would have thought that a man who had not experienced the last tribulation would kill a Dacheng-stage expert and even kill so many loose immortals and several tens Kongming-stage and Dujie-stage experts? This is simply unimaginable. If he had been practicing the jindan-yuanying way like the other people, how could the difference between their power levels have been so enormous?

“Countless elders have confirmed one thing: This mysterious man was also a Xiuzhenist, but he definitely wasn’t a Xiumoist, a Xiuxianist or a Xiuyaoist. He was a new kind. The Sun-like incandescent energy he burst forth from his body in the end alone simply isn’t something Dujie-stage experts are capable of. Even if Dacheng-stage experts faced such a great power, they would also get killed.” Fengyuzi seems to be imagining the War of Immortals that year.

Qin Yu is also imagining it.

After a long time, Fengyuzi slowly calms down. He looks at Qin Yu and says smilingly: “Xiao Yu, the story about this War of Immortals has always been circulating. The people in the Overseas Immortal Islands all seem to know about it. Even many people on the Qian Long continent also know about this event.”

“Oh, many people on the Qian Long continent know about this?” Qin Yu is slightly startled. If it had not been for Xiuzhenists’ narration, how could people on the Qian Long continent have known about it?

Fengyuzi nods and continues: “Don’t worry. At that time many Overseas Immortal Islands’ elders were watching from afar and saw with their own eyes how this mysterious expert underwent his tribulation.”

“Did he overcome it?” Qin Yu somehow is somewhat worried about this mysterious man.

Fengyuzi shakes his head and says: “He failed. When the 9 From 9th Heaven Tribulation came down, the mysterious man’s entire body turned into a sun. Unlike the other Xiuzhenists, who use holy weapons and so on to resist heavenly tribulations, he always used his own body’s power to resist the tribulation directly. After fighting several tens Xiuzhenists in a great battle, this mysterious man basically had to endure the heavenly tribulation without being able to take a break. When the 9th thunderbolt struck down, the mysterious man couldn’t persevere anymore. His body was shattered and his power suffered a huge loss.”

“But he didn’t die immediately. He gathered the last bits of energy and gave his final talk to the entire Qian Long continent’s population including the Xiuzhenists around --“ Fengyuzi seems to be enwrapped in his memories.

Qin Yu does not dare to disturb Fengyuzi’s recollection but he is curious about it.

“I’ve been roaming the boundless space and experiencing the cosmos’s evolution. I’ve been drifting around for some thousand years and visited countless celestial bodies. How come today my soul is falling apart? Heaven doesn’t help me. Stellar transformations! How can the Sun be the final destination? How?! How?! Everyone on this continent listen, today I’ll leave behind the 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams. Anyone who can obtain them and figure out their secret will inherit my technique. Ha-ha ...... O blessing, O disaster ......”

With an indistinct voice, Fengyuzi recites every sentence.

Qin Yu continuously ponders about the meaning of these few sentences. What is the boundless space? What is the cosmos? What are celestial bodies? And what are stellar transformations? He cannot understand their meanings but he understands the meaning of the mysterious man’s last sentence. Obviously those 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams contain the mysterious man’s entire technique.

However, what is the meaning of the “O blessing, O disaster” exclamation afterwards? Could it be obtaining this technique is also a disaster?

“Before the mysterious man died, using a great amount of energy, he created 3 diagrams. They were none other than the 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams. The 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams were scattered on the Qian Long continent. As countless years went by, even people from the Overseas Immortal Islands were able to collect the 3 diagrams. For so many years, so many people have also been able to bring the 3 diagrams together. But no one has ever been able to discover the secret of these 3 diagrams and obtain the mysterious man’s legacy,” says Fengyuzi with a sigh.

It is not difficult for Xiuzhenists to gather the 3 diagrams but no one has been able to figure out the 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams’ secret.

“Your ancestor Qin Shi Huang once gathered all the 3 diagrams as well but he couldn’t find out their secret either. If he had been able to figure out the secret, perhaps he wouldn’t have died,” says Fengyuzi with a smile.

Qin Yu, however, is having a sudden impulse. That is a yearning from the bottom of his heart, a yearning for the world of Xiuzhenists.

“Xiuzhenists can fly their swords to the 9th level of the sky, or dive into the boundless deep ocean, or explore the Immense Wilderness, or fight the Wilderness’s demonic beasts. Ordinarily, they absorb the world’s holy energy. To pursue the human limits, they fight Heaven and Hell. Disregarding live and death, they fight experts of the same level. This kind of life is really enjoyable,” thinks Qin Yu and sighs emotionally. Having heard about the world of Xiuzhenists, he yearns for it badly from the bottom of his heart.

Qin Yu heaves a sigh.

After withdrawing his mind from this description of the Xiuzhen world, he understands he is merely a mortal. Worse still, he has not reached the Xiantian level. Even among the Qian Long continent’s 10 billion mortals, he cannot be considered a figure on the top of the pyramid either.

He needs to be realistic because those 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams or something are very vague. At the moment Qin Yu’s greatest pivots are -- the Meteoric Tear and his own effort. Relying on the fantastic Meteoric Tear and his own effort, he must reach an unprecedented level in external practice, the Xiantian level.

“Xiao Yu, what holy weapon do you want? I’ll forge it for you.” Fengyuzi looks at Qin Yu and asks.

The things regarding the Xiuzhen world are just like an indistinct legend to Qin Yu. At the moment he is still very, very far from that world. He is only a son of the Chu kingdom’s East Vanquishing Prince on the Qian Long continent and a common expert who does external practice, the most painful path in martial arts, and has not even reached the Xiantian level.

“Holy weapon?” Qin Yu is startled.

“Weapons forged out of In-rock Flaming iron are certainly holy weapons. But you don’t have elemental energy so you can only make use of a holy weapon’s physical sharpness without being able to alter its size or use some special strikes.” Fengyuzi shakes his head and says. “But a holy weapon can fuse with the body. Moreover, its sharpness is far superior to that of you mortals’ weapons. Having a holy weapon you won’t have any problems protecting yourself. I think you’d best forge a suit of armor as well.”

Qin Yu says with a smile: “That’s not necessary. Please help me forge a short sword based on the Yuchang sword’s measurements. Also, please forge a pair of gloves to protect the knuckles for me. And just forget about the other things. I want to leave my father a bit more.”

“Only these?” Fengyuzi asks in disbelief.

A short sword and a pair of gloves use very little In-rock Flaming iron whereas, after all, this chunk of In-rock Flaming iron belongs to Qin Yu.

“They’re already enough. I practice external techniques. If I depend too much on external objects, it won’t be good for my training. Uncle Feng, I won’t bother you anymore. I’m leaving first.” Qin Yu immediately bows then turns around and leaves.

Fengyuzi follows Qin Yu’s back with his eyes. Only now does his mind become clear. He immediately says: “It’ll take quite some time to forge these weapons, about 35 days.” After Qin Yu has left, Fengyuzi lets out a sigh: “Perhaps this brat wants to forge only a few things just to give his father a bit more of this In-rock Flaming iron chunk.”

After exiting the secret room, Qin Yu looks skyward. It is dark at the moment. Cold gusts of wind are blowing.

“I’ve never helped father in anything since childhood. This can also be counted as the first time I’ve helped him.” Qin Yu’s face has a faint smile. It then disappears suddenly. “Well, there are still 35 days. During this period of time I’ll still have to train hard and, moreover, with an extremely heavy training load. I want to see if I can reach the Xiantian level through external practice or not.”

With that thought in his mind, Qin Yu immediately gives a long whistle. In a short while, a black eagle dives down. Qin Yu gets on its back in a jump. They then leave the princely mansion and Yan City directly.

.

End of b2c17.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 18
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C18: Stratagems (1)

The Chu kingdom is the number 1 kingdom on the Qian Long continent. At the moment, the clan heads of Qin clan and the Shangguan clan among the 4 big clans are in a secluded small courtyard.

Qin De is sitting at a stone table with a calm expression on his face. Xu Yuan standing by his side is also waiting calmly.

“Ha-ha ... Brother Qin De. Long time no see.” A white-haired old man walks to him in strides. This old man is unexpectedly wearing a pair of gold earrings. His eyes are very cold and sinister. However, at this moment they are full of enthusiasm.

Qin De stands up, points to one side and says smilingly: “Brother Shangguan, please sit down.”

Shangguan Hong, the Chu kingdom’s North Vanquishing Prince, controls the 2 Northern region counties. At the moment, there are 4 people in the courtyard including Qin De and Xu Yuan. The other 2 people are Shangguan Hong and his subordinate Zhuang Jun. However, outside the courtyard, a large number of experts are secretly guarding it.

“Brother Qin De, why do you look for an old man like me this time?” Only after slightly fixing his silver hair does Shangguan Hong sit down. Obviously he cares a lot about his own hair. His subordinate Zhuang Jun stands behind him.

Qin De says smilingly: “I’m not going to beat around the bush. Please help me. We’ll seize the Chu kingdom together.”

Shangguan Hong is startled. He did not think that Qin De would be so straightforward even though he has already guessed why Qin De secretly meets him this time. Shangguan Hong then bursts out laughing: “Brother Qin De, you shouldn’t joke like this. This can cause you to lose your head. I can act as if I’ve never heard about this matter.”

Qin De slowly shakes his head and says: “I ask you, you’ll do it or not?”

Shangguan Hong, however, does not reply. Only after pondering for a long time does he raise his head and ask: “Even if we join forces, how much certainty will you have?”

“80 percent!” says Qin De indifferently.

But Shangguan Hong says laughingly: “Brother Qin De, don’t fool me. That Mu clan has 600,000 troops. The 4 Western region counties have even more than that, 800,000 troops. They amount to 1,400,000 troops. My 2 Northern region counties only have 400,000 troops altogether and yours have no more than 600,000. So how can you be 80 percent certain?”

“I want to destroy the Xiang clan so I can only show 600,000 troops,” says Qin De with a smile.

Shangguan Hong’s eyes glitter: “Oh? It seems brother Qin De also has quite a lot of troops in secret. But the Xiang clan and the Mu clan have 1,400,000 troops together. How many troops do you have in secret that you dare to say you’re 80 certain? Moreover, when your troops secretly increased, how could this have escaped the detection of the Xiang clan’s intelligence service?” Shangguan Hong is obviously very unconvinced.

“I still have 200,000 troops in secret.” Qin De says with a smile. “This brings the total amount to 800,000 troops. My Fierce Tiger Corps is only 50,000 strong but in terms of real offensive power it is equal to 200,000 to 300,000 troops.”

Shangguan Hong’s eyes brighten.

He certainly knows how formidable the Fierce Tiger Corps is. He calculates in his mind at once then says with a smile: “If we only talk about quality then your 3 Eastern region counties’ army is the best. If you really have 200,000 troops in secret then we’ll still have some hope. But according to what I know, 200,000 troops must be used to threaten the bandits in the Black Water mountain range. Otherwise, those bandits will wreak havoc on the 3 Eastern region counties and plunge your den into chaos.”

Qin De says in a totally unconcerned manner: “You needn’t worry about this. They’re merely bandits. It’s hard to exterminate them because the Black Water mountain range is so vast, but the thing is ... the Black Water mountain range’s bandits are no more than bandits. We only need to negotiate with them and give them some benefits, they will quiet down.”

Qin De’s eyes suddenly brighten: “So, my entire army can attack. You must know that my 3 Eastern region counties are next to the Wilderness and my army often trains here. Compared to the attack of the Wilderness’s demonic beasts, the army of the 4 Western region counties, which hasn’t fought a real battle for several decades to 100 years, means absolutely nothing.”

Qin De is very confident.

Shangguan Hong nods his confirmation.

Indeed, among the armies of the 4 big clans, the 3 Eastern region counties’ army is definitely the strongest in terms of fighting power. The reason for this is that the 3 Eastern region counties’ army is based in the Immense Wilderness and often fights the Wilderness’s ferocious beasts so its troops have really experienced bloodshed.

In contrast, the armies of the Xiang clan, the Mu clan and the Shangguan clan have never seen real action for several decades to 100 years.

Shangguan Hong keeps thinking nonstop. After a while he raises his head and says: “Then how am I going to benefit from this? How can you assure me that you won’t destroy me after destroying the Xiang clan?”

Qin De smiles slightly: “Very simple, among the 4 Western region counties, the 2 counties next to the ocean in the North will go to you. Together with your 2 original counties, you’ll have 4 counties in total. None of these 4 counties is separate from the rest and, moreover, the ocean is behind them. You’ll have these 4 counties and have the ocean at your back, so you don’t have to worry that I’ll go back on my word. What do you think?”

“The 4 counties next to the ocean?” Shangguan Hong’s eyes glitter. Obviously his interest has been aroused.

These 4 counties are linked together. If they all go to him, even if Qin De later wants to eliminate him, it will be a difficult thing to do. After all, when having the natural barrier which is the ocean at his back and holding the 4 counties in his hands, at least defending himself will not be a problem. Moreover, after the war, the Qin clan will probably not have enough power left to deal with him next either.

“Then if the Han dynasty takes advantage of this and attack, what can we do?” Shangguan Hong continues to ask.

Qin De stands up and says with a wave of a hand: “You don’t have to be worry about this. The Han dynasty will definitely have no chance to interfere. As for the Ming dynasty, I believe that weak kind of dynasty which has only got attacked and has never dared to attack won’t ask for much.”

Shangguan Hong considers.

After a long time, he nods: “I promise you my support. But my 2 Northern region counties’ troops definitely won’t be the vanguard.”

“Good, that settles it.”

Qin De and Shangguan Hong slap each other’s hands to pledge allegiance.

“Ha-ha ...” Qin De and Shangguan Hong look at one another and burst out laughing. However, nobody knows what these 2 men are actually thinking. Must a pledge made by slapping hands definitely be fulfilled? On the Qian Long continent, no one believes in making a pledge by slapping hands.

......

The next day, in a manor, Shangguan Hong is sitting at an escritoire and writing fast. Zhuang Jun is standing respectfully on one side.

After a while, Shangguan Hong finishes writing. He reads everything carefully once and cannot help feeling satisfied.

“Humph, that idiot Qin De actually wants to rebel. He even wants to pull me into the water. Won’t it be very good for me if I keep contentedly being North Vanquishing Prince? 4 counties are also very attractive, though. What a pity.” Looking at the sheet of paper on the escritoire, Shangguan Hong cannot help bursting out laughing.

Zhuang Jin on one side says: “Your Highness, this Qin clan’s offer is not bad. Moreover, it’s sincere. Are you really not giving them a chance?”

Shangguan Hong turns his head and looks at Zhuang Jun. He then burst out laughing: “Zhuang Jun, we can’t lose. Do you understand? Therefore we must put money on both sides. It doesn’t matter if the Qin clan wins or the Xiang clan wins, we’ll always benefit.”

Zhuang Jun still does not understand.

Shangguan Hong gives a smile. Zhuang Jun is his most loyal subordinate and is also the number 2 man in the 2 Northern region counties. He has saved Shangguan Hong’s life twice so Shangguan Hong naturally values him to the utmost.

“Zhuang Jun, I feel certain about this matter. You needn’t worry. You can leave now.” Shangguan Hong says with an indifferent smile.

“I take my leave.” Zhuang Jun immediately leaves the room.

Shangguan Hong’s face suddenly turns cold: “Deliver this letter to the Emperor.” A black silhouette suddenly flashes by and the letter on Shangguan Hong’s escritoire has already disappeared.

Shangguan Hong narrows his eyes and looks outside through the window. He thinks to himself: “Qin De, you simply can’t imagine the relationship between my Shangguan clan and the Xiang clan. You can only blame your bad luck. Even if I don’t help either side, how can your clan contend against the Xiang clan and the Mu clan? After the 3 Eastern region counties are exterminated, maybe I’ll gain some benefits.”

Shangguan Hong’s thinking is so optimistic but will the Qin clan entrust its hope to him?

.

End of b2c18.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 19
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C19: Stratagems (2)

In the study of the imperial palace in the capital,

“Ha-ha ...” Grasping 2 letters in his hand, Xiang Guang cannot help laughing out loud.

“Zhen Xu really doesn’t disappoint me. 200,000 more troops in secret, with so many troops, their expenses alone amount to a huge number. If Qin De didn’t have it in mind to rebel, why would he play with so many more troops? Could it be he dislikes having a lot of money?” Xiang Guang laughs coldly.

Zhen Xu has been in charge of the intelligence service in the 3 Eastern region counties for only a half year but he has discovered the truths behind many things.

“Your Majesty, by now that Qin De has secretly recruited 200,000 more troops but the Black Water bandits have been keeping him at bay. He won’t dare to mobilize his entire army. Otherwise, the Black Water bandits will plunge his den into chaos. So, basically we don’t have to be worried about anything,” says the hook-nosed man from a dark corner behind him.

Xiang Guang puts the letter in his hand down and says: “What do you know? Even though the Black Water bandits’ leadership has been rendered ineffectual by unruly subordinates, they are after all merely bandits. He only needs to give them some benefits and they won’t cause any trouble. That Qin De can still declare war on the Xiang clan with 800,000 troops.”

“Your Majesty is brilliant.” The hook-nosed man bows and says.

“Zhen Xu has found out the evidence that in the 3 Eastern region counties army provisions, materials and so on have all been prepared to a certain extent. Add to that 200,000 more troops have been enlisted and, moreover, they have been enlisted for over 5 years and have become crack troops, everything shows clearly that Qin De really wants to rebel!” Xiang Guang’s eyes immediately radiate cold rays of light.

The hook-nosed man does not dare to make a sound.

“Very well, this is rebellion.” Xiang Guang unexpectedly has a hint of satisfaction on his face. “Remember, immediately send someone to negotiate with the Black Water bandits, offering them gold, jewels, or treasures and so on and telling them to plunge Qin De’s den into chaos when war breaks out!”

The hook-nosed man thinks for a while and says: “What if those bandits are too greedy?”

“Idiot!” Xiang Guang suddenly turns around and stares at the hook-nosed man. “No matter the price, you must make them agree. You can even promise to give them a county after the war.”

“Offer a county?” The hook-nosed man is startled. Then he also understands. “Your subordinate already understands. Even if we give it to them, they won’t have the luck to enjoy it.” Having been following Xiang Guang for so many years, he knows very well about Xiang Guang’s character.

Xiang Guang nods in satisfaction: “You’re clever. After Qin De has been removed, they’ll be no more than a gang of insignificant Black Water bandits. I only need to give an order and they’ll be wiped out, only that I can make use of them at the moment.”

“Your Majesty is brilliant. Now I already know what to do.” The hook-nosed man responds.

Xiang Guang reads the other letter and says: “Uncle Shangguan’s letter has also confirmed everything Zhen Xu has found out.”

The hook-nosed man moves his eyes in a circle then suddenly says: “There is an alternative, Your Majesty. To catch the rebels we had best catch the leader first. We can secretly send someone to assassinate Qin De. In this way, they will be a group without a leader, so if we send our army out next, we can surely destroy the Qin clan easily.”

“Stupid!” Xiang Guang says with a cold laugh.

The hook-nosed man’s body immediately trembles.

“If we sent an assassin now, needless to say we wouldn’t even sure he would succeed, even if he succeeded, the Qin clan could change its head immediately. According to what I know, among his 3 sons, except for the 3rd son, who isn’t up to much, the other 2 sons both are really outstanding. Moreover, when the assassination happened, the Qin clan would go mad and attack. Its 800,000 strong army is really no joke,” says Xiang Guang with a cold laugh.

“Moreover, if we assassinated him, the Qin clan would definitely suspect that Shangguan Hong has sold them down the river so we would lose more than we gain. Do you understand?” Xiang Guang stares at the hook-nosed man and says.

“I have been an imbecile!” The hook-nosed man hurriedly says.

A hint of complacency appears on Xiang Guang’s face: “We won’t assassinate him. We’ll let the Qin clan rebel and let the Shangguan clan help them. After the Qin clan has totally put their guard down, the Shangguan clan will suddenly switch sides at a crucial moment during the war and stab the Qin clan hard in the back. Humph, let’s see if that Qin clan will still be able to avoid destruction!”

The hook-nosed man’s eyes brighten at once. He says hurriedly: “Your Majesty is brilliant. If we give them a stab in the back at a crucial moment during the war then attack with our armored cavalry we will be able to destroy the Qin clan easily.”

Xiang Guang is very satisfied with his own stratagem. He nods and says indifferently: “All right, you should go do your work now. Try every means to pull in the Black Water mountain range’s bandits. Gold, jewels, beautiful women, treasures and so on, anything can be used. You must make them agree to wreak havoc on the Qin clan’s den during the war. As for the Qin clan and the Shangguan clan, we’ll just pretend we know nothing.”

“I understand. I take my leave.” The hook-nosed man bows and says. Then his body disappears like a flash.

After a while, the hook-nosed man appears in a manor.

“You have returned, darling.” A beautiful married woman walks to him.

“Daddy,” a lovely boy also runs to him. The hook-nosed man lifts his son up in a hug. He also hugs his wife and says: “Honey, let’s go back to our room. It’s cold out here.” Every servant in the manor is very respectful to him.

After entering the room, the beautiful married woman quietly asks: “Hasn’t the Emperor asked you to do something, darling? When can you decline to do what you’re told? It’s always like this and I always feel anxious.”

The hook-nosed man tenderly embraces the beautiful married woman to his bosom and says: “Don’t worry, honey. How can’t I know that this work is dangerous? But I know too much about the Emperor’s secrets so I absolutely can’t refuse to do what I’m told. Don’t worry. Given that Xiang Guang has so little wisdom, I’m still certain I can deal with him.”

The hook-nosed man suddenly frowns and ponders: “Judging by Xiang Guang’s character, when he knew that Qin De would rebel for real, he would’ve sent someone to assassinate Qin De early. How come this time he unexpectedly calmed down and even pretends not to know anything to let the Shangguan clan eventually switch sides?”

As the chief of Xiang Guang’s secret service, how can the hook-nosed man really be such an idiot?

Everything he did in the imperial study was just an act. If he wants to be trusted by Xiang Guang, he has to let Xiang Guang detect his weaknesses. However, how can he really let the Emperor detect his own weaknesses? Therefore, it is best to deliberately pretend that he has some weaknesses.

The hook-nosed man’s guess is correct. There is actually still someone behind Xiang Guang. If Xiang Guang was really this intelligent, he would not have done that idiotic thing in the past.

......

In the previous courtyard, Qin De is looking into the sky with his hands folded behind his back.

“Given Xiang Guang’s character, perhaps he’ll try to kill me directly.” Qin De gives a smile. In his mind, Xiang Guang is absolutely not worthy of attention. Even though Xiang Guang is not a fool, in terms of strategy, he is still very far from being considered an expert.

Xu Yuan on one side says: “Your Highness, even if that Xiang Guang sends an assassin, we still can’t tell if the Shangguan clan is unreliable. Because that Zhen Xu can find out some information, Xiang Guang can also conclude from what Zhen Xu finds out that we want to rebel and sends someone to assassinate Your Highness.”

Indeed.

Even if there is an assassination attempt, it will still be impossible to say that the Shangguan clan has betrayed them.

“Do we need to know for sure if the Shangguan clan will betray us?” Qin De says with a smile.

Xu Yuan also bursts out laughing.

Yes, do they have to know clearly about that?

The goal of this negotiation is not to pull in the Shangguan clan but to create some diversions. It only needs to produce the effects desired by the Qin clan.

Xu Yuan nods and says: “Indeed, we came to this negotiation only to cause some diversions. It doesn’t matter if the Shangguan clan will betray us or not because this clan’s ending has been decided. We aren’t going to give the Shangguan clan any chance to stab us in the back during the war.”

It does not matter what happens, the Qin clan does not tolerate mistakes. It is not going to take a chance on the Shangguan clan.

“In my estimation, Xiang Guang will offer the Black Water bandits some materials and so on,’ says Qin De with a laugh.

Xu Yuan also laughs.

“There is a secret letter from the princely mansion, Your Highness.” A man runs into the courtyard and hands over a secret letter. Xu Yuan immediately receives it then passes it to Qin De.

“What’s happened in the mansion again?” Qin De opens the secret letter and glances at it. His eyes immediately brighten: “Ha-ha, Heaven has helped me. This time Yu’er has done me a great service. I’ve always been worried by the Xiang clan’s 2 Shangxian. Now, having such a priceless treasure, I’m assured. Ha-ha, this is really wonderful.”

At this moment, Qin De’s excitement is simply indescribable.

“Has something very exulting happened?” Xu Yuan on one side is very curious. Qin De immediately gives him the letter to read. As soon as Xu Yuan reads it, he is very happy. He says at once: “Congratulations Your Highness. Congratulations Your Highness.”

Qin De laughs out loud and says: “This time Yu’er has done me such a great service. When I return I’ll definitely reward him very nicely. Well, Xu Yuan, quickly dispatch people. We’re returning to the princely mansion at once.”

“Yes!” Xu Yuan immediately bows and says. Qin De cannot help laughing. He never thought that his 3rd son would give him such a great pleasant surprise. At first he thought it was only a chunk of a high Xian-grade ore but now it turns out to be a treasure which can be forged into holy weapons.

Holy weapons, no less!

Xu Yuan on one side totally understands how important this chunk of In-rock Flaming iron is to Qin De. In terms of importance, it is even equal to 200,000 troops, so how can Qin De not get excited like crazy?

.

End of b2c19.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 20
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C20: Completion of the holy weapons (1)

The East Vanquishing Prince mansion is full of carved railings, marble steps, pavilions, terraces and towers. It is really imposing and magnificent. Every one of its guards is glancing around its surroundings while leading along a Fierce Tiger. One can deduce from this how strictly the mansion is guarded. It is late at night right now. A man and an eagle are sitting on the top of a pavilion. Even though the guards know about this, they pretend not to see anything.

“I’ve been training hard for 3 days, but my body’s power has increased just a little.” Qin Yu groans in his mind.

He has been training hard alone since Fengyuzi started to forge the weapons. He knew Fengyuzi would need 35 days to forge them therefore he trained hard outside and did not return until 3 days ago. For the last 3 days, Qin Yu has been at his utmost limit, training desperately. Despite having the recovery power of the Meteoric Tear, his body still has not made much progress.

He knows very well that he has truly reached the peak of his Houtian level.

“Xiao Hei, in internal practice, one can consult various methods left by his seniors when advancing to the Xiantian level from the Houtian level. But I practice external techniques, what method should I use to make a breakthrough? I can’t consult any seniors’ methods.” Qin Yu talks to Xiao Hei beside him. Even though he asks Xiao Hei, is it any different from asking himself?

Xiao Hei pats Qin Yu with its huge wings while staring at him. Qin Yu also feels Xiao Hei consoling him. He smiles because Xiao Hei seems to also know that his sprits have sunk to the bottom.

Suddenly, Qin Yu is startled.

“Consult, ah, that’s right.” His eyes suddenly brighten. He gives his own head a fierce slap and says: “Qin Yu, you’re such a fool. You can’t consult any external seniors, but you can still learn from internal practitioners and how they break through to the Xiantian level in internal practice.”

Some sentences Lian Yan once said to Qin Yu immediately echo in his mind -- “To become a Houtian expert, one only needs a suitable practice method. But to become a Xiantian expert, it is extremely difficult. There are 2 requirements that must be met to become a Xiantian expert: First, you must complete your Houtian level. And second, you must have some intuitive enlightenment on the Natural Way of Heaven.”

Qin Yu talks to himself in a low voice: “Complete the Houtian level; my current level in external practice can also be regarded as the complete Houtian. As for the intuitive enlightenment on the Way of Heaven ... this is really mysterious.”

Qin Yu does not know how to have intuitive enlightenment on the Way of Heaven. It is simply unable to be explained in words. If it could be imparted, Xiantian experts would not be so rare, so precious on the whole Qian Long continent. Qin Yu continuously ponders.

“Intuitive enlightenment on the Way of Heaven, intuitive enlightenment on nature, alright, I’ll try feeling what nature actually is.”

Suddenly, Qin Yu closes his eyes. His entire body and mind enter a state of vague blankness just like when he was trying to feel his internal energy in the past, only that he does not absorb the world’s holy energy this time. In this state of blankness, Qin Yu starts to feel the natural airflow.

Quiet ......

As every second goes by, Qin Yu remains motionless. His body is motionless and his mind is motionless .....

He does not hear, does not smell, does not see ......

Qin Yu does not notice that, slowly, as he seems to become completely nonexistent, various streams of holy energy deliberately converge at his body. To be exact, they converge at the Meteoric Tear. Qin Yu thus has become the center of a maelstrom.

He has a wonderful feeling, as if he is soaking in the hot spring. He can even feel the holy energy streams in his surroundings. That feeling of closeness is so captivating. While Qin Yu, with his mind cleared of all thoughts, is immersing himself in that wonderful, warm feeling --

The Meteoric Tear sends out a warm stream of energy.

This energy stream is different from the clear energy streams in the past. It is a warm stream of energy. Like a warm stream of water, it slowly enters Qin Yu’s mind. In the depths of his mind, there is a mass of energy which looks like a disc. Moreover, various electric sparks are zigzagging around that disc. It is none other than the most basic component of the human body -- the soul!

As a person trains, his soul becomes stronger and stronger. Qin Yu has been doing limit training since he was little so his soul is much stronger than ordinary people’s.

In a short while, this flowing-water-like stream of energy has already arrived at the depths of his mind. As soon as his soul comes into contact with this stream of energy, it seems to get excited and continuously gobbles up this energy. In just a short while, that disc has become even deeper in color and also more materialized.

Originally the disc was merely rather indistinct but now it radiates clear seven-colored rays of light and is also somewhat real. The electric sparks around the 7-colored disc have become more powerful as well.

“2nd brother, that lowlife Xiang Guang has made Zhen Xu the head of the intelligence service in the 3 Eastern region counties. This has made it a bit hard for us to act. That Zhen Xu also has a gang of specialized subordinates. They are very formidable in investigation. Worst of all, our activities will get bigger with time, so it will be really difficult to escape their detection in the future!”

“Big brother, don’t worry. When father went out this time, he must’ve had a solution to this problem. However, this Zhen Xu fellow is really quite difficult to deal with. He just sticks to us like a plaster.”

......

Qin Yu suddenly wakes up with a start.

The moment he opens his eyes, the holy energy in the surroundings goes back to normal and Qin Yu can no longer feel it clearly. At the same time the Meteoric Tear reverts to its usual form and that warm energy disappears. But Qin Yu’s body has undergone a huge transformation.

Good ears and keen eyes, this is an expression which describes a person who can hear clearly and see very far.

But the current Qin Yu can even hear clearly what his big brother and 2nd brother are saying quietly from several tens meters away and the sounds of an earthworm’s movements from afar. Moreover, his eyes can even see clearly every movement of the earthworm. So, can the ‘good ears and keen eyes’ expression still be used to talk about him?

“Big brother, 2nd brother, they ...” For the moment, Qin Yu still does not notice this. His mind is full of his big brother’s and 2nd brother’s words.

Qin Yu knows that his father’s plan is to destroy the Xiang clan to seize the kingdom of the Chu dynasty. But now, it seems the chief of the Xiang clan’s intelligence service in the 3 Eastern region counties is a difficult person to deal with.

For a moment, Qin Yu thinks about many things. He considers what his big brother and 2nd brother have said. His father’s departure, the relationships between the 4 regions and that intelligence chief, his mind has made a complete and clear list of all of these matters.

“I.” Qin Yu is immediately astonished because in just a moment ago he unexpectedly thought about many things. “Since when has my mind become so quick?”

He finally discovers that he himself has undergone a huge transformation. As he looks around, he is dumbstruck.

“What happened just now? How come I’ve transformed so much?” Only now does he notice his astonishing transformation. After a long time, he finally calms down. He lowers his head and looks at the Meteoric Tear mark on his chest. He then shakes his head and jumps down from the top of the pavilion.

His whole body flashes through the air, creating 2 afterimages. He has already landed on the ground.

“I can feel wind several times more clearly than in the past as well.” Qin Yu feels that his body-maneuvering skill has become even more perfect. “Moreover, my body’s flexibility and toughness and so on are much better than they were.”

It is impossible for other people to know, but Qin Yu himself knows how natural his movements were and how relaxed his body was when he finished just now. The whole thing was like a walk in the park. He can feel that a fundamental transformation has occurred in his body.

“Could it be I have touched the door between the peak of the Houtian level and the Xiantian level?” Qin Yu thinks to himself. But he has no way to confirm it because he still cannot feel Xiantian energy being generated in his body.

Suddenly his eyes turn to a courtyard far away. There is a secret room under that courtyard, which is none other than Fengyuzi’s secret forging room. Just now, Qin Yu unexpectedly heard the sound of that secret room’s door opening.

“Have the holy weapons been completed?” Qin Yu immediately goes to that courtyard.

.

End of b2c20.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 21
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C21: Completion of the holy weapons (2)

No sooner does Qin Yu enter the courtyard than Fengyuzi comes out of the secret room. Because he immediately sees Qin Yu, he cannot help feeling stupefied. He then says with a smile: “Xiao Yu, what a coincidence. I just finished forging and you immediately appeared.”

As soon as Qin Yu hears that, he becomes excited.

Holy weapons, no less! These are the weapons which only Shangxian possess. When Qin Yu is getting excited, Qin Feng and Qin Zheng quickly come out of the room on the side. Seeing Fengyuzi, the 2 of them immediately say with their faces full of excitement: “Uncle Feng, have Xiao Yu’s weapons been completed?”

“Completed, completed, Xiao Yu, these are the gloves to protect the knuckles and the Yuchang-sword-like short sword that you want.” Fengyuzi extends his hand and a pair of gloves and a short sword immediately fly toward Qin Yu.

The gloves are dark red and even have light-colored flames on their surface. The short sword is also dark red but the flames are condensed inside completely. Its surface absorbs and emits sword air just like a normal flying sword.

“Thank you Uncle Feng.” Suppressing the excitement in his heart, Qin Yu receives the gloves and short sword.

Fengyuzi says with a sigh: “Xiao Yu, Uncle Feng’s power is limited and the level of my Samadhi flame is insufficient, so, even with such a precious chunk of In-rock Flaming iron, I can only forge middle-grade holy weapons from it. If a Dongxu-stage expert came here to forge, he’d surely be able to make high-grade holy weapons. Also, holy weapons are different from mortals’ weapons. Just drop your blood on them and you’ll be able to suck them into your body. They will appear on your hands entirely as you wish.”

In-rock Flaming iron is indeed a precious forging crystal. Fengyuzi is merely at the middle phase of the Jindan stage so his Samadhi flame is still at the weakest level. Therefore, naturally, he cannot bring forth the efficacy of In-rock Flaming iron completely, and can only forge middle-grade holy weapons.

“That’s enough. Middle-grade holy weapons are already enough for me.” Qin Yu knows what middle-grade holy weapons mean in the Xiuzhen world. Even Fengyuzi’s flying sword in the past was merely a low-grade holy weapon.

What makes Qin Yu excited the most is that after establishing his ownership of them by blood he can suck them into his body as he wishes.

“Xiao Yu, why don’t you forge a suit of armor?” Qin Zheng says while slightly frowning.

Qin Feng also says: “That chunk of In-rock Flaming iron is so large, even if you forge a suit of armor, perhaps 3 tenths of it will be enough. With the suit of armor, most of your body’s vital points will be protected. Why did you forge a short sword? And why a pair of gloves which only protects your knuckles, and not that kind of glove which covers the whole fist? Together these 2 things will only take a little more In-rock Flaming iron.”

To Qin Feng and Qin Zheng, the most important thing in the world is this 3rd brother of theirs. Their mother passed away early and, moreover, Qin Yu cannot practice internal techniques so the 2 brothers naturally care a lot about Qin Yu.

“Xiao Yu wants to use a bit less In-rock Flaming iron so that he can leave his father a bit more of it.” Fengyuzi on one side says. Qin Feng’s and Qin Zhen’s bodies tremble. They are immediately speechless and can only look at Qin Yu. Their eyes have slightly reddened.

Qin Yu says with a smile: “Big brother, 2nd brother, there’s no problem. Both of you also know that I practice external techniques. If I’m protected by armor, my progress in practice will naturally slow down. So, it’s better not to wear armor. Moreover, having a pair of gloves and a short sword is already enough.”

This is fooling himself and others.

Qin Feng and Qin Zheng both are outstanding people so naturally they are not fooled by such simple reasons given by Qin Yu because it is a holy-class suit of armor they are talking about. If he does not want to be protected by it, it would be sucked into his body. And if he encountered unavoidable dangers, he could protect his body with it.

Qin Feng and Qin Zheng both can see through Qin Yu’s mind.

“Xiao Yu, you found this chunk of ore so it’s yours. It doesn’t matter how many holy weapons you want to forge, no one will say anything about that. Not even father will say anything.” Qin Zheng says while staring at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu shakes his head with a smile but he says nothing.

“Holy weapons are really outstanding.” Qin Yu laughs out loud and changes the subject of the conversation. By now he has already dropped some blood on the gloves and the short sword respectively. In just an instant, as soon as he thinks about them, the gloves and the short sword completely disappear in his hand.

For the present, Qin Feng and Qin Zheng also shift their attention onto the holy weapons.

“They’re really formidable. In a fight, if your hand which is empty at first suddenly has a weapon out of thin air, you can definitely take the opponent by surprise and kill him.” Qin Feng’s eyes brighten. He has figured out the benefits of holy weapons at once.

Qin Yu can feel clearly that the gloves and the short sword are in the immense space of his dantian.

The dantian is only a small component of the human body but it works according to the ‘a grain of sand, a world’ principle. Just like the reflections of the Sun and the Moon in a lake, the gloves and the short sword are only some points in a corner of the dantian.

Qin Yu suddenly clenches his fists and the gloves immediately appear on his fists. These dark red gloves are protecting his knuckles.

The optimum offensive parts of a fist are the knuckles. With the protection of these middle-grade holy gloves, Qin Yu can meet some superb weapons head on using his fists without worrying about hand injuries. What makes Qin Yu feel most comfortable is that the gloves are like skin and do not hinder the flexibility of the knuckles in the slightest.

Hu!

A shaft of black light flashes by but Qin Yu’s hand is still empty as before. Just a moment ago, a black short sword suddenly appeared on his hand then disappeared.

“They were forged from In-rock Flaming iron so these gloves will be called Flaming Gloves and this short sword will be called Flaming Sword,” says Qin Yu smilingly. At the moment, his heart is filled with excitement. To a martial artist, obtaining his favorite weapons is definitely a very happy occasion.

Fengyuzi says with a smile: “Xiao Yu, I carved some restrictive spells on that short sword so its radiance disappeared completely, giving it a dark color. Alright, I’m returning to the secret room to continue forging.” This time Fengyuzi returns to the secret room to forge a flying sword of his own.

Having obtained In-rock Flaming iron, his original low-grade holy flying sword can already be abandoned.

“Xiao Yu,” Qin Feng and Qin Zheng look at Qin Yu.

“Big brother, 2nd brother ...” Qin Yu cannot help giving a forced smile as he sees his big brother’s and 2nd brother’s expressions. He immediately says: “Xiao Hei, let’s return.” A black eagle dives down from the sky at once. Slightly pushing his feet, Qin Yu jumps on its back. They then leave the princely mansion as if fleeing from a calamity.

Qin Feng and Qin Zheng give each other a look, feeling powerless.

“We’ve been caring too little about Xiao Yu.” Qin Feng lets out a deep sigh. Qin Zheng says nothing either. As big brother and 2nd brother, together with their father Qin De, they have always been busy with their own matters and have not had time to care for this 3rd brother.

Were Qin Yu finding In-rock Flaming iron this time not such an important matter, perhaps Qin Feng and Qin Zheng would still be busy doing their own things right now.

......

3 days later,

With his face full of gladness, Fengyuzi comes out of the room. He has finally finished forging his own flying sword. This sword is a middle-grade holy weapon. Even though there is only a one-grade difference between the middle-grade and the low-grade, their power levels are several times different. With this middle-grade holy weapon, Fengyuzi can even give late-Jindan-stage experts a good fight, of course, provided that those late-Jindan-stage experts use low-grade holy weapons.

“Brother Feng, congratulations, congratulations.” Qin De folds his hands and says to Fengyuzi. He returned to the princely mansion last night.

That dark-red flying sword hovers around the top of Fengyuzi’s head then fuses with his body directly.

“Ha-ha, Your Highness, I must thank Xiao Yu for this. Only by having In-rock Flaming iron could I forge this treasure.” Fengyuzi is obviously very excited.

Qin De also nods.

Fengyuzi continues: “Your Highness, you’ve been worried by the 2 Shangxian on the Xiang clan’s side, haven’t you? One of these 2 fellows is at the middle Jindan-stage and the other is at the late Jindan-stage. With this In-rock Flaming iron weapon, I can handle that lowlife Wu De. As for that middle-Jindan-stage Wu Xing, letting several Xiantian level experts attack him together using middle-grade holy weapons will be just as effective,” says Fengyuzi smilingly.

Whether an expert is at the Jindan-stage or at the Yuanying stage, if his physical body is destroyed, his soul, whose existence is dependent on this body, will automatically break apart. Only when he has reached the Dongxu stage, at which his soul can merge with his yuanying, can he live practically forever.

However, without their physical bodies, even Dongxu-stage experts, Kongming-stage experts and Dujie-stage experts can only keep practicing as loose immortals. Therefore, physical bodies are very important to Xiuzhenists.

Fengyuzi’s meaning is that they can send some Xiantian experts to attack middle-Jindan-stage Wu Xing together using middle-grade holy weapons to destroy his physical body. If those experts succeed, Qin De’s great undertaking will be successful as well. A Xiuzhenist’s body-protecting elemental energy cannot be breached with normal weapons but with middle-grade holy weapons they can defeat it.

The chunk of In-rock Flaming iron Qin Yu found is as important as 200,000 troops.

“Xiao Yu has done a really great service this time. I’ve always been worried by the enemy’s 2 Shangxian but now I’m somewhat assured,” praises Qin De highly. Then he responds: “Xiao Yu, why hasn’t he come out?”

When Qin De just returned, he sent people to find Qin Yu.

“Xiao Yu rode his black eagle back to Misty Villa once. After that no one knows where he went. That black eagle can fly very high and very fast so it’s simply impossible to trace Xiao Yu,” replies Lian Yan on one side immediately.

Qin De nods: “This time I must reward Xiao Yu very nicely.” Qin De suddenly turns to Fengyuzi and says: “Brother Feng, how much of the In-rock Flaming iron is left? Have we still got half of it?”

“Xiao Yu and I together used no more than a fifth of it.” Fengyuzi makes a movement with a hand. A stream of elemental energy flies directly towards the secret room at once. Then, with a sound of its door opening, the chunk of In-rock Flaming iron flies out. One can deduce from this scene how magnificent a Xiuzhenist’s abilities are.

The chunk of In-rock Flaming iron looks a bit shorter but in the other aspects it basically has not changed.

“What did Xiao Yu choose to forge? How did he use so little ore?” Qin De asks doubtfully.

In Qin De’s opinion, this chunk of In-rock Flaming iron was found by Xiao Yu so it will be pretty good even if he uses a half and leaves his father the other half. However, Qin Yu used so little ore, which baffles Qin De.

“Xiao Yu only wanted a short sword and a pair of knuckle-protecting gloves. He didn’t even want a suit of armor,” Qin Fen says with a sigh.

“He just wanted to leave father some more of the In-rock Flaming iron.” Qin Zheng sighs and says. “But Xiao Yu even said he wanted to train his body so being protected by a suit of armor would make it hard for him to improve.”

All of the people present are extraordinary people so they naturally know a middle-grade holy suit of armor can be sucked into the body. Moreover ... among the most powerful experts of external practice, has there ever been anyone whose body’s defense can match that of a middle-grade holy suit of armor?

At the peak of external practice, the body’s defense is still not as good as a middle-grade holy suit of armor, then why did Qin Yu act like that? This question simply does not need answering.

Everything he did was only for the sake of his father Qin De.

A wave of mixed emotion surges uncontrollably in Qin De’s heart. This chunk of In-rock Flaming iron is such a priceless treasure but his son did not care about it and only used a little ore, leaving most of it to him.

“Xiao Yu,” Qin De is also speechless for the moment. He remembers when he told Qin Yu his secrets in that secret room, Qin Yu strongly asked for his permission to join the army so that he could also fight but was not allowed to do so by him. Qin De can remember clearly how lonely his son’s back looked when he was leaving that room.

This son of his has always been training hard since childhood. In fact, he has suffered a lot more than his big brother and 2nd brother have.

“I hate Heaven for being so unfair. Even if Yu’er trains harder and reaches the peak of external practice, he still can’t become a Xiantian expert. According to Zhao Yunxing’s estimation, Xiao Yu’s current external power is only around the Houtian level’s middle phase.” Qin De groans in his mind.

Other people can estimate the power level of an internal expert based on his internal energy. But even Xiuzhenists cannot guess how much power an external expert has in his muscles. After all, it is really difficult to estimate how strong or weak the muscles’ power is. It can only be estimated based on how many jin the expert can lift with one arm.

In Qin De’s mind, his 3rd son Qin Yu is only a child who works hard in external practice but eventually will not succeed.

“Find Yu’er and tell him to come to see me. As for what to forge from this chunk of In-rock Flaming iron, let’s discuss again in the evening.” As Qin De finishes saying, he turns around and leaves immediately. At the moment, his mind is a bit confused ...

.

End of b2c21.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 22
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C22: Gold-card mission (1)

It is late at night. Qin Yu is sitting with legs crossed on the back of the black eagle, which is flying through the clouds.

Cold winds are whizzing and hitting Qin Yu in the face like sharp blades but he remains motionless. His whole body is being surrounded by thick holy energy streams which are astonishingly real and look like smoke. The world’s holy energy continuously permeates into Qin Yu’s entire body.

Using the method of the Ancestral Dragon Art, he transforms the holy energy in his body into internal energy then lets it permeate through his entire body. Every fiber in his entire body, and even every cell of his body, is transforming nonstop. His body is undergoing changes which other people cannot know.

This kind of change has started since he absorbed that warm stream from the Meteoric Tear on the top of a pavilion in the East Vanquishing Prince mansion that day...

Suddenly, Qin Yu opens his eyes, shooting out 2 fierce rays of light which are extremely shocking.

“What a wonderful feeling.” Qin Yu’s eyes glitter. This is a kind of feeling he has never experienced before. As an external practitioner, he has always been pursuing this feeling. However, by now he has already found it. “My entire body has achieved unity. Flexibility, toughness, strength, sensitivity and so on, everything ... everything has been united into one. Now everything is in the palm of my hand!”

Control, Qin Yu is having a feeling of control.

Even if his body is trained better, his strength is greater, and his bones are tougher, it will be pointless if he cannot make good use of them. Therefore, Qin Yu has continuously been training his flexibility and toughness so that he can control his every movement more easily. However, after experiencing that indescribable transformation, the current Qin Yu’s flexibility and toughness have reached a level which Qin Yu himself considers perfect.

Everything in his body is just like one thing. When he throws a punch, his body’s entire power can be concentrated in a point. His control of the body has reached a new level.

“Xiao Hei, go down.” Qin Yu suddenly burst out laughing. The black eagle immediately dives down. Gradually, Qin Yu sees a huge city below. He once bought a house in this city under a false identity.

All of a sudden, the muscles and bones in Qin Yu’s entire body start moving slowly. His face’s muscles, however, only move a bit. In a short while, he has changed from a manly, sunny, 1.8 m high young man into a 1.75 m high cold man.

The Appearance and Bone Changing art!

“Xiao Hei, you can go play alone, but don’t expose my identity, ha-ha ~~” Qin Yu gives a laugh then jumps down from several hundred meters high in the air.

He would not have been able to jump down from such a height in the past. However, now he is very confident of himself.

He closes his eyes, enjoying the winds of his extremely fast fall.

Suddenly, with a swaying movement, Qin Yu’s body starts drifting in the air like a falling leaf. His terrifying falling speed unexpectedly decreases in an instant. Qin Yu’s body then makes another swaying movement and he unexpectedly accelerates again. Moving extremely fast and slowly alternately, Qin Yu, however, is coming down without causing any wind sounds.

Qin Yu, whose eyes have always been closed, suddenly opens his eyes.

Whizz!

Like a sharp arrow, he shoots down toward the ground directly in a completely straight line, causing a sharp whistle through the air. At this moment, he is simply not using his body-maneuvering skill. The moment Qin Yu lands, he props a hand on the ground skillfully and easily like a wild cat.

By simply discharging the kinetic energy into the ground through the muscles of his legs and hand, the pressure of the dive on his entire body is unexpectedly removed completely.

“Indeed, I can control every muscle in my entire body finely.” Qin Yu looks at his palm. A happy expression appears on his face. If Zhao Yunxing were here, he would have totally understood how formidable this move by Qin Yu was. This is also Zhao Yunxing’s idea about the peak of external practice but it is a pity that he has never been able to reach this level for several decades.

By simply using the muscles of the legs and a hand, Qin Yu could even neutralize the impact force of such a dive. This shows that his control of the muscles has reached an extremely high level.

“The feeling at the Xiantian level is really different.” Qin Yu gives a faint smile. Suddenly, he slightly frowns because he hears clearly a bandit running toward him very fast from several hundred meters away. Not wanting to meet this person, his body immediately disappears like a flash on the street in the middle of the night.

The Xiantian level,

After leaving the princely mansion a few days ago, Qin Yu guessed that his sudden transformation could mean he was on the threshold of the Xiantian level but he had no way to confirm it. Afterwards, he remembered that Xiantian experts are capable of one thing -- Xiantian Fetus Respiration.

Qin Yu immediately jumped down to the bottom of a lake and held his breath. However, he did not know that in fact he had barely reached the threshold of the Xiantian level. He held his breath until his entire face was very red. Eventually, he could only rely on his willpower to persevere. He then even felt dizzy at the bottom of the lake ... to the extent that he lost his sense of direction. When his mind was in a state of extreme confusion and obliviousness, his entire body finally shook once. Every single pore in his body seemed to open wide and started to absorb the world’s holy energy. Qin Yu had finally transcended that limit.

Qin Yu does not know at all that, even though his soul was very strong thanks to his external limit training, only after his mind inexplicably entered a state of vague blankness in the mansion, causing the fantastic Meteoric Tear to send out a stream of a mysterious warm energy and allowing his soul to absorb that energy stream, did he start to undergo very fast transformations.

Qin Yu’s soul was very strong, even stronger than ordinary Xiantian experts’ souls therefore, in theory, had things gone on like this, he would have been able to enter the Xiantian level after some time. But Qin Yu was so impatient that he forced himself to that extent at the bottom of the lake. Luckily for him, he succeeded in the end.

Thus, Qin Yu became the first Xiantian external expert in the history of the Qian Long continent.

How powerful is a Xiantian external expert? No one on the Qian Long continent knows the answer to this question, not even Qin Yu’s father Qin De. At the moment, because of Zhao Yunxing’s estimation, Qin De even thinks that Qin Yu is merely a common external practitioner who can lift about 300 jin at most with one arm.

Not even Xiuzhenists can estimate how strong the muscle power of an external expert, especially Qin Yu, is. His muscles have been absorbing internal energy and the Meteoric Tear’s miraculous clear streams so their power is concentrated inside completely. Judging by his appearance alone, one can only say that Qin Yu looks powerful like a leopard.

Qin Yu stops outside a grand residence. At the moment, he is wearing a silvery mask.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! .....

After he knocks several times, a person opens the entrance in a short while. Seeing Qin Yu’s silvery mask, they instantly stand aside to let him come in. This grand residence is none other than a relatively important branch of the no. 1 assassination organization -- the Heavenly Net.

“So powerful, there are 5 Xiantian experts and many Houtian experts as well.” As soon as Qin Yu comes in, he senses that there are some experts in the grand residence.

When his soul absorbed that mysterious stream of energy in the princely mansion, Qin Yu’s perception became much stronger than before. Now, no one can escape his sense within a radius of several hundred meters, except when that person has a better sense than his.

Qin Yu does not know that this marvelous kind of perception is none other than the ‘holy sense,’ which can only be seen in Xiuzhenists.

The Heavenly Net has made several important large branches of its known to the public, one of which is this place. However, for over 1000 years, no one has ever been able to find out the location of the Heavenly Net’s headquarters. At the moment, because there are already 5 Xiantian experts in this important branch alone, Qin Yu can imagine how powerful the Heavenly Net actually is.

When Qin Yu is still shocked by the true strength of the Heavenly Net, he has already entered a specialized small courtyard where assassins receive their missions. There is a stunning woman in the center of the courtyard.

“Silver card assassin, this is the list of missions. You can choose one you like,” says the stunning woman in a very cold and clear voice while putting a list of missions before Qin Yu, who immediately opens the list of missions.

A silver card assassin can receive any gold card mission. If he succeeds, he will become a gold card assassin. Of course silver card assassins generally do not risk their lives doing so because gold card missions are all claimed by the Heavenly Net to be achievable only to Xiantian experts.

Today, Qin Yu turns directly to the ‘Gold Card Missions’ section.

There are not many gold card missions, only 13. Among them, only 5 are Chu-kingdom-based missions. And there is only one of these whose location is in the 3 Eastern region counties --

“Zhen Xu!” Qin Yu raises his eyebrows.

He immediately remembers the discussion that day between his big brother and 2nd brother, which he overheard without doubt. This Zhen Xu is obviously the intelligence chief of the Xiang royal clan in the 3 Eastern region counties. However, there is very little information in this mission’s introduction to Zhen Xu.

After reading the data on Zhen Xu, Qin Yu slightly frowns. This mission is really very difficult. In principle, as someone who just reached the Xiantian level, he should perform a simple mission first, but after thinking for a while, he says coldly: “The 12th gold card mission.”

As soon as the stunning woman hears that, her eyes brighten. She then says smilingly: “Please wait a minute. I’m sorry. The information about Zhen Xu’s movements isn’t at my place.” Almost as she finishes saying, an old man appears. He gives Qin Yu a look then puts a letter before him.

“This is the information about Zhen Xu’s movements in the last few days. Tut-tut ... challenge a gold card mission. Too bad this mission is very difficult. A gold card assassin even died while carrying it out. Do you want to give up?” says that old man while staring at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu takes the letter and gives the old man a cold look. He then turns around and leaves immediately.

The beautiful woman takes out a black book whose front cover has 2 words -- Liu Xing!

“On the 8th of the 11th month, at 2.10 am, assassin Liu Xing received a gold card mission -- to kill Zhen Xu!” A beautiful line of a small regular handwriting appears on a new page.

.

End of b2c22.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 23
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C23: Gold-card mission (2)

In a gloomy room of an old house, there is a candle on a desk. The candle, with its dusky light, is shining on one side of the face of a man who is sitting at the desk. Under the flicker of the candlelight, that man’s face is only a vague shape.

The only exception is that pair of eyes -- a pair of eyes which radiate so much eeriness and grimness that they are both pronounced and frightening. At the moment, this pair of eyes is staring at the top of the desk where a hand is writing nonstop with a pen.

After a while, the pen is put down.

Suddenly, the candle’s flame brightens, lightening the face of this man clearly -- it is a handsome and pale face. At first sight, even though this man is already in his forties or fifties, there is an air of a sickly beauty about him. However, when coupled with that pair of eyes, the entire bearing of this man changes.

This man is none other than Zhen Xu, the absolute genius of the Xiang royal clan’s intelligence service. Even the head of the intelligence service will tremble upon seeing him. He is also the one person Xiang Guang appreciates the most.

Zhen Xu takes out from his bosom a square block of jade, which radiates gentle rays of light. There seems to be some marks on this square block of jade. Zhen Xu examines the marks carefully then slightly shakes his head and says: “Trans-Heaven diagrams. This is the first Trans-Heaven diagram. Pity after a half year of research I haven’t achieved anything. I better give it to the Emperor. Perhaps I’ve been delaying for so long that he can’t wait anymore.”

Zhen Xu gets an iron case from the side of the desk. At the same time he puts the secret letter and the square jade black in it. Then he closes the lid of the iron case and locks it up using a key.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ......

Suddenly Zhen Xu continuously pokes the iron case several times. The case gives a series of clacking sounds then the key hole disappears. This case uses the same security mechanism as the iron case the Qin clan used to keep the secret books. Someone who does not know the method of opening simply cannot get anything from it.

However, at this moment outside the room, a silvery-masked man is standing in the center of this old house’s courtyard.

Qin Yu’s eyes are closed.

“Trans-Heaven diagrams.” Qin Yu’s interest is aroused. His marvelous perception allows him to sense clearly everything happening in the room which is several tens meters away from him, including the several places Zhen Xu poked at on the iron case. Qin Yu commits them to his mind completely.

Thanks to the benefit of the Meteoric Tear, Qin Yu’s soul is now as strong as a Xiuzhenist’s. His strong soul has given him a marvelous perception, which is also a Xiuzhenist’s ‘holy sense.’ As the soul becomes stronger, the range of the holy sense will also become longer.

Qin Yu does not make any wind sounds when walking and he is holding his breath so, for the moment, Zhen Xu in the house actually does not know that he is outside.

“Little brother, take this iron case into the palace at once. You must be quick and this key must be hidden carefully. There’s a Trans-Heaven diagram in the case so you mustn’t be careless,” says Zhen Xu suddenly.

A man who has been staying in a dark corner walks out. This man will make other people feel as if he is a juvenile. However, Zhen Xu knows this juvenile-looking man is already over 40 years old because he has been following him for more than 20 years.

Zhen Xu’s 2 subordinate generals -- Nalan Feng and Nalan Dan.

The Nalan brother and sister are very weird. Despite being in their 40s, they still look like juveniles. According to the Nalans’s guess, this has something to do with their eating a kind of holy fruit during their adolescence. The Nalan brother and sister only listen to Zhen Xu’s orders and do not even care about Emperor Xiang Guang in the slightest.

“Don’t worry, big brother. I’ll attach this key to my key chain.” Nalan Feng takes out a key chain and strings the iron case’s key on it. He also suddenly takes another key out from the key chain and puts it in his chest as if it is very important.

“Little brother, you’re still the same,” says Zhen Xu smilingly.

Nalan Feng raises his eyebrows and says: “Big brother, precautions avert perils, right? Even if someone killed me, he would surely think the key in my chest is the right one and wouldn’t think that the real key is on my key chain. Moreover ... I’ll even let a subordinate of mine carry this key chain.”

“Feng, you’re always thinking that you’re so clever.” A cold and clear voice rises. A grim girl also comes out from a dark corner of the room. She sticks her tongue out and gives her palm a lick. In the palm, there is ...

“A heart!” Outside the room, Qin Yu’s body suddenly trembles once. A hint of solemnity flashes in his eyes uncontrollably. Through his holy sense, Qin Yu knows clearly what that young girl is holding in her palm.

It is a very small heart and cannot be the heart of an adult.

Nalan Feng slightly frowns and says: “Dan, can’t you change your habit? When you eat a child’s heart, don’t eat it in front of us, okay? I’ve been telling you so for so many years but it has all come to nothing.”

“You know it is useless then why bother saying it? Moreover, you’ve been saying it for so many years. You seem to have never stopped for the last 22 years. Feng, you’re really ridiculous,” says Nalan Dan coldly.

“Pal, why have you come to my place in the middle of the night?” Zhen Xu says coldly all of a sudden. His loud and clear voice resounds through the entire house. However, the strange thing is that every servant in the house is still sleeping like a log and no one wakes up.

Qin Yu gives a faint smile. Just now because his holy sense discovered that there was a child’s heart in the palm of the young girl, he was shocked and his breathing was disrupted. Zhen Xu, therefore, immediately detected him.

“Why? I’m a Heavenly Net assassin. You think why I’ve come here?” says Qin Yu coldly. Since he started to undertake assassination missions, he has never assassinated anyone sneakily. He has always killed his targets fair and square. This time is no exception even though Qin Yu has discovered that Nalan Feng and Nalan Dan are also Xiantian experts.

Bang!

The room’s door suddenly opens. A black silhouette shoots up into the sky then lands on the center of the courtyard. It is a black-clad juvenile. At the same time, another black silhouette shoots up into the sky then lands beside the black-clad juvenile. It is none other than a black-clad young girl.

Afterwards, a while-clad, pale-faced, handsome middle-aged man slowly walks out. At first sight, his entire body seems to be very weak, but when combined with that cold grim pair of eyes he looks like a frightening lone wolf.

“Silver card assassin?” Zhen Xu slightly frowns while looking at Qin Yu.

“To be exact, it’s silver card assassin Liu Xing,” says Qin Yu coldly. He has never been afraid of telling his opponents his assassin name. After all, they will all die at his hands soon, so he should let them know who will kill them, should he not?

“Liu Xing?” The corners of Zhen Xu’s mouth slightly curve upward into a smile. “You dare come to kill me and just now you even stayed in the courtyard for so long without being detected so you should be a Xiantian expert, right? But that’s strange. Who would’ve thought I wouldn’t be able to see through you?” says Zhen Xu in a slightly amazed manner.

Qin Yu casts a glance at the Nalan brother and sister then looks at Zhen Xu and says: “I’m also amazed. It’s already unbelievable that a Xiantian expert took up a lowly post like the intelligence head of the 3 Eastern region counties. But he even has 2 Xiantian experts as subordinates. There are no more than 100 Xiantian experts in the entire Chu kingdom, but you even have 3 here.”

“You talk too much.” Nalan Dan suddenly says. “Assassins shouldn’t talk too much.”

“Assassins shouldn’t kill people fair and square either, right, Miss Baby-heart-eater?” Qin Yu says laughingly. “Ah, right, you must actually be older than a miss. Perhaps I should call you auntie.”

Nalan Dan’s face immediately changes color. What she loathes the most is that other people mention her real age.

Qin Yu takes a look at that room whose door is wide open. He knows there is an iron case on the desk in that room which contains a Trans-Heaven diagram. Of course, in order to obtain that Trans-Heaven diagram, he must kill all of the 3 people before him. Worse still, they are all Xiantian experts.

Nalan Dan casts a look at Zhen Xu, who slightly nods.

“Assassin Liu Xing, right? Too bad, the life of a meteor is always very short.” Nalan Dan laughs coldly then, with a movement of her body, she seems to turn into a gust of cold wind and sweeps across Qin Yu’s surroundings completely. For the present, there are unexpectedly several afterimages in his surroundings.

This is the 1st time Qin Yu has had a death match against a Xiantian expert but there are even 2 other hostile Xiantian experts watching on one side.

.

End of b2c23.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 2 24
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2C24: Liu Xing rises

Nalan Dan is using her body-maneuvering skill, which is what she most excels in, to move around Qin Yu very fast. She wants to make it impossible for Qin Yu to tell where her body actually is. But Qin Yu is still standing stock still. Because he is wearing a silvery mask, other people simply cannot see that he is giving a faint cold smile.

Competing in speed?

As a result of Qin Yu’s body training, speed has always been his strongest point. When he was 13, he could only lift 100 jin with one arm but his speed was already superior to that of an ordinary Houtian expert. The current Qin Yu just became a Xiantian expert at one stroke and his entire body’s muscles and cells have been undergoing transformations since. When he was still at the peak of the Houtian level, he could already lift 1500 jin with one arm. Now, his one-armed strength must not be lower than 2000 jin, then what level has his speed reached?

Moreover, in terms of control, muscles are naturally easier to control than Xiantian energy. And in terms of endurance, muscle power is much more durable than Xiantian energy as well.

“I detest being called auntie the most.” Nalan Dan’s ice-cold voice comes into Qin Yu’s ears. Using her beautiful hands, with which she rips babies’ hearts out, she creates countless illusions, which together look like a full-blown lotus, and attacks Qin Yu.

“How great is the strength of the 1st Xiantian external expert since antiquity?” Qin Yu thinks to himself. He then smiles as he looks at the countless attacking illusions. “I’m testing it on you now.” He immediately throws a punch with his entire power.

Straight line!

“Whizz ~~~” An extremely sharp whistle rises. Qin Yu’s right fist comes at Nalan Dan directly with a mountainous force.

As Nalan Feng and Zhen Xu hear that terrifyingly sharp whistle, their faces change color. When Nalan Dan is still unprepared, the fist has already come close to her face. The wind of the punch hurts her face like needles. Having no time to think much, she suddenly withdraws the full-blown-lotus-like illusion into her hands and starts to madly channel the Xiantian energy in her body to the midpoint between her hands. But she basically cannot concentrate more Xiantian energy at the midpoint because the fist has already arrived!

Bang!

It hits the midpoint between Nalan Dan’s palms fiercely like a smash of a great iron hammer. Nalan Dan’s body swiftly retreats but her expression has become very ugly.

Qin Yu has over 2000 jin of strength in one arm and yet he executed this one punch with all his might. Strength in fact has never been Nalan Dan’s strong point and, moreover, she is only at the early phase of the Xiantian level so this punch has hurt her arms to the point where they tingle. All of a sudden Nalan Dan does not dare to continue her attack.

“This bloke is a freak. He’s too strong,” says Nalan Dan in a frightened voice.

Zhen Xu says with a faint smile: “With so much strength, he must be a Xiantian expert who has been practicing a technique which puts emphasis on strength such as the Impertinent Bull Power.” If Qin Yu did not exist in the world then Zhen Xu’s conjecture would probably be correct. After all, it is extremely hard even for Xiantian experts to reach such a terrifying level in strength.

“Little brother, little sister, both of you must attack together.” Zhen Xu gives an order.

After circulating her Xiantian energy, Nalan Dan’s arms are no longer in pain. Even though they are still a bit uncomfortable, she can continue to fight with them. Nalan Dan and Nalan Feng exchange a look then suddenly turn into 2 blurs and attack Qin Yu again, only that this time they both use weapons -- scimitars.

The scimitars are crescent-shaped and radiate ice-cold rays of light.

Qin Yu slightly narrows his eyes. At the same time, he suddenly clenches his fists and throws 2 fierce punches in 2 different directions. Carrying the extremely great power of a Xiantian external expert, his fists seem like 2 aquatic dragons coming out of water. Afterwards, with 2 bangs, Qin Yu’s fists smash on one side of the scimitars precisely.

Bang ~~~

Nalan Dan’s and Nalan Feng’s bodies get a shock.

“Dan, how can this scumbag be just a silver card assassin? Even among gold card assassins, this bloke would definitely be considered a high-class figure,” says Nalan Feng using controlled sound transference. At the moment he also feels that his opponent’s punch carried a terrifying force. That fierce strike has made him feel uncomfortable in the chest.

“Feng, let’s use speed. We can only rely on speed.” Nalan Dan’s voice is transferred confidentially to him.

Nalan Dan and Nalan Feng are very distressed.

Qin Yu’s fists are really too heavy. Being hit with a punch from him is as uncomfortable as being smashed on by a huge rock. When a 2000 jin rock smashes down, at least the interface will be very large. But Qin Yu focuses the force equivalent to the weight of 2000 jin in a fist so the impact pressure he causes is even stronger.

Qin Yu still remains motionless despite 2 people moving extremely fast around him.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ......

Qin Yu is punching in a relaxed manner but every punch from him is heavy like a huge rock falling or an iron hammer smashing. Nalan Dan and Nalan Feng are about to go mad because whenever they approach him to attack, he sends them backing off with a punch each, forcing them to keep moving so fast all the time, which has also been causing them to consume huge amounts of Xiantian energy.

By contrast, Zhen Xu is coldly watching. There are only images of Qin Yu’s strikes in his pupils. It is impossible to know what he is thiking.

“I just reached the Xiantian level. In principle, I’m also at the early Xiantian level, but I’m an early phase Xiantian external expert. You’re merely early phase Xiantian internal experts.” Qin Yu thinks. “But they’re too weak. Alright, let’s finish them off quickly.”

Qin Yu has always been fooling around. After all, this is the 1st time he has fought a Xiantian internal expert.

However, Qin Yu is wrong. It is not that the opponents are too weak but that a Xiantian external expert is really so extraordinary. To other external practitioners, being able to lift 700 to 800 jin with one arm at the peak of the Houtian level is already an outstanding achievement. But Qin Yu could lift 1500 jin with one arm at the peak of the Houtian level.

Now that Qin Yu has reached the Xiantian level, how can ordinary early phase Xiantian experts compare with him?

“Let’s end this!” Qin Yu’s eyes suddenly shine brilliantly.

“No good!” Only at this moment does Zhen Xu discover that everything is far from all right. But ... it is already too late.

He only sees Qin Yu’s body turn into several afterimages then the afterimages merge into one. Qin Yu is still standing at his original place, as if he has never moved. But Nalan Dan and Nalan Feng are now motionless like 2 statues. Suddenly --

Thud! Thud!

Nalan Feng and Nalan Dan unexpectedly fall on the ground directly. The reason is that in just a moment ago Qin Yu, like a flash, used his spear hands to smash 2 vital points of the two’s throats, killing them instantly.

“Actually ... my strongest point isn’t strength at all, but speed!” Qin Yu’s indifferent voice rises in the silent courtyard.

“Little brother, little sister.” Looking at the dead Nalan Dan and Nalan Feng, Zhen Xu slowly says in a low voice which has a note of extreme grief. Then he raises his head and stares at Qin Yu. The coldness radiated from his eyes makes Qin Yu’s whole body feel chilly. At the same time, his entire bearing suddenly becomes fierce.

Nalan Dan and Nalan Feng have been following Zhen Xu for over 20 years. During these years, the Nalans only listened to Zhen Xu’s orders. The 3 of them have been treating each other like real brothers and sister. But just now Qin Yu attacked too fast so, when Zhen Xu to reacted, it was already too late.

A deep and low yowl of extreme hatred rises.

Boom ~~~

The air suddenly starts to vibrate. Zhen Xu’s hairband breaks abruptly. His long hair starts to flutter freely. An extremely terrifying force bursts forth from inside his body like a volcano eruption. A furious Xiantian energy then spreads over the outside of Zhen Xu’s body. Under the covering of the Xiantian energy Zhen Xu’s entire body is only a blur, but his ice-cold eerie eyes still look frightening.

Even though Zhen Xu is not the chief of the Xiang royal clan’s intelligence service, his status is not lower than the chief’s in the slightest. For so many years he has never disappointed Xiang Guang and Xiang Guang also always believes in this mysterious general to the utmost.

However ... no one knows his real power. How powerful is this sickly-looking man actually? Zhen Xu stares at Qin Yu like a viper and only says curtly: “Prepare to die.”

Boom!

The air shakes quickly for a short while and becomes chaotic like ripples. Zhen Xu’s body suddenly disappears then appears again at Qin Yu’s face.

“Bang!” Qin Yu is totally astonished. At the same time he retreats extremely fast. A raging force hits his body squarely. The silvery mask he is wearing is broken into pieces at once with a bang. At the same time, the coat on Qin Yu’s body is reduced to shreds, which scatter all over in the air. After backing away a long distance, Qin Yu looks at Zhen Xu in front of him in astonishment.

With just a strike, there is only the black gold undershirt left on Qin Yu’s body. Even his mask has been destroyed.

“Very fast speed and very terrifying energy; with such strong body-protecting energy, he must be a late phase Xiantian expert.” Qin Yu confirms in his mind. Even if Nalan Dan and Nalan Feng faced Zhen Xu together, they would still get killed with 2 blows. This Zhen Xu is really too formidable.

2 early phase Xiantian experts are simply no match for a late phase Xiantian expert.

Zhen Xu stares at Qin Yu and says coldly with a smirk: “Your speed is not bad. What a pity, your fastest speed is inferior to mine. Your strength is pretty good but when I attack with Xiantian energy, my offensive force is even stronger than your punches. In offense, speed and defense you’re far inferior to me, this time you’ll surely die.”

Zhen Xu has declared his judgement.

“My speed is only not bad?” Qin Yu suddenly laughs. “Sorry, please wait a minute.”

As Zhen Xu watches in amazement, Qin Yu takes off the black iron arm guards and leg guards on his arms and legs. “Bang!” He throws the black iron arm guards and leg guards on the ground, causing a series of heavy deep metallic noises. This shows that the guards are very heavy.

Zhen Xu is astonished.

Only now does he understand that even though Qin Yu’s original speed was so fast, it was merely his speed while carrying the black iron arm guards and leg guards. After taking them off, how much faster has Qin Yu become?

“Taking off 200 jin of weights has lightened my entire body by half. Even if my speed can’t double, at least it must’ve increased by 50%. Now I can nearly match that guy in speed. Let’s not take off this black gold undershirt. Reducing 200 jin is already enough. Moreover, this black gold undershirt’s defense is very strong as well.” Qin Yu thinks to himself.

“Looks like I have to reassess you,” says Zhen Xu with Qin Yu’s body reflected in his pupils but his mind is scheming precisely.

Qin Yu, by constrast, is staring at Zhen Xu before him with full attention.

Shua! Shua!

The 2 bodies suddenly disappear. At the same time, an extremely urgent wind whistle starts to be heard. Yes, there is exactly only one whistle. Even though Zhen Xu is moving extremely fast and his body-maneuvering skill can also be considered ingenious, he is experiencing an extremely strong wind resistance, which is causing the whistle. Qin Yu, however, is moving fast like lightning without causing any sounds.

The 2 of them are chasing each other, but because of the wind resistance, Qin Yu is slightly faster than Zhen Xu.

“Break!”

Qin Yu suddenly utters a low shout. He executes a lightning kick with his right leg and hits the side of Zhen Xu’s left leg directly. Even though Qin Yu has 3000 jin of strength in one leg, after shaking for a while, Zhen Xu’s body-protecting energy has unexpectedly withstood Qin Yu’s heavy kick.

Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu! ......

Sharp noises of the air being pierced through can be heard. Qin Yu’s face changes color: “Concealed projectiles!” This is Qin Yu’s first reaction. However, his holy sense discovers clearly what caused those piercing noises -- the fingers of Zhen Xu’s sharp claw.

A claw looks like that of an eagle. Zhen Xu’s left hand’s 5 fingertips are all radiating golden rays of light and are piercing through the air to come at him.

“Back!”

Qin Yu throws a palm strike and backs away very fast.

Whizz! ... Qin Yu hears 5 sharp whistles. His holy sense discovers clearly that the light on Zhen Xu’s fingers has unexpectedly left the fingers. 5 golden shafts of light are continuously shooting at him at an extreme speed. Qin Yu is fast, but even if he was faster he would not be able to outstrip those shafts of light. He only has enough time to make a movement.

Among the 5 shafts of light, 2 miss but the other 3 hit Qin Yu in the stomach.

The black gold undershirt really deserves to be called a defensive treasure. Even though the shafts of light hit it with a bang, it unexpectedly remains intact. However, the impact force still penetrates the black gold undershirt and gives Qin Yu’s body a shock.

“Your power is not bad, worthy of my using weapon. This is a high Xian grade weapon -- the Bloody Soul Claw. This claw is made from a claw of a demonic beast in the Wilderness. It could only be completed after going through several tens forging procedures,” says Zhen Xu suddenly. A huge blood-red claw appears on his right hand.

Qin Yu slightly narrows his eyes. That claw is really forged from a demonic beast’s claw and not from ordinary steel ore and the like.

“There’s only one chance. I must grab it.” Qin Yu thinks to himself.

“Ha-ha, I’ll let you taste my strongest special skill -- the Heart Piercing Ten Thousand Claws!” In only an instant, Zhen Xu’s eyes have reddened like blood and have the same color as that Bloody Soul Claw. At the same time, the fingertips of the Bloody Soul Claw shoot out various shafts of light.

Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu! ......

Using some unknown technique, Zhen Xu continuously shoots the surging Xiantian energy in his body out from the fingertips of the Bloody Sould Claw in the form of golden shafts of light like spraying bullets. In an instant, several tens shafts of light have been shot out.

The strangest thing is that those shafts of light seem to be controlled by Zhen Xu.

“What technique is this?” Qin Yu simply cannot understand how it works. “Forget it. There’s no time left.” He clenches his teeth. His body suddenly dashes obliquely in a different direction. Then he pauses and dashses in another direction.

Qin Yu is moving like lightning but he does not cause any wind sounds. However, with time there are more and more shafts of light attacking him. Even though these shafts of light cannot penetrate his black gold undershirt, his head is unable to resist them. Therefore, Qin Yu can only keep moving like a flash with all his might to evade them. Whenever he cannot dodge, he uses the black gold undershirt to defend.

“The final blow!” Qin Yu’s eyes suddenly brighten.

His entire body turns into a beam of light and charges directly at Zhen Xu.

“Ha-ha, instead of running away using your speed, you come to get killed.” Zhen Xu’s heart is extremely excited. He cannot help having a faint complacent smile on his face. The Bloody Soul Claw pierces the air and comes at Qin Yu’s head. Qin Yu’s eyes flash.

Flaming Gloves!

A light flashes on Qin Yu’s hands. The gloves suddenly protect the surface of the fists. With a movement, he extends his left hand and boldly moves it on a collision course with the Bloody Soul Claw.

“Just a death-wish,” thinks Zhen Xu disdainfully. His Bloody Soul Claw is high Xian-grade, why should he be afraid? He even accelerates the Bloody Soul Claw a bit.

“Ah!”

Zhen Xu is shocked all of a sudden because Qin Yu’s left hand has unexpectedly grasped the Bloody Soul Claw on his right hand. The glove on Qin Yu’s left hand seems to be very strange. Not even the extremely strong tearing force of the Bloody Soul Claw can damage it in the least. Moreover, at this moment, Qin Yu’s right fist has already got close to him in a strike.

Bang!

Zhen Xu’s left hand also blocks Qin Yu’s right fist with a movement. However, there is a Flaming Glove on Qin Yu’s right fist whereas Zhen Xu can only use his vigorous Xiantian energy to defend.

“Brat, you think this can stop me from killing you?” The corners of Zhen Xu’s mouth suddenly have a faint smile. Golden shafts of light again appear between the Bloody Soul Claw and Qin Yu’s left-hand fingers, which are in a deadlock with each other. At such a close distance, when those shafts of light are shot out, Qin Yu simply cannot dodge.

Zhen Xu cannot help getting excited. He seems to be picturing Qin Yu’s head being shot into pieces on the spot.

Qin Yu’s eyes suddenly brighten -- the middle-grade holy-class Flaming Sword!

Whizz!

“Ah!” cries Zhen Xu miserably.

Just now a dark short sword suddenly appeared in Qin Yu’s right hand, which was being locked in a stalemate originally. The dark short sword, which is extremely sharp, unexpectedly cut off Zhen Xu’s left hand in a slash and, moreover, it is proceeding to slash at his throat. Zhen Xu simply has no way to dodge it at such a close distance. He utters a loud shout and chokes back the agony of having a hand severed. His body-protecting energy suddenly intensifies.

“Die!” Zhen Xu’s eyes flash with fierceness.

Knowing it is too late to dodge, he can only rely on his own body-protecting energy. Moreover, as Zhen Xu becomes ruthless, the golden light on the Bloody Soul Claw becomes more luminous and shoots out at Qin Yu’s head ferociously. Naturally, Qin Yu’s head cannot withstand such sharp golden shafts of light.

At this moment, when his fate is hanging in the balance, Qin Yu resolutely and ruthlessly cut through the body-protecting energy using the Flaming Sword then slashes at Zhen Xu’s throat. At the same time, using his left hand, which is wearing a Flaming Glove, he executes a strike with the most powerful penetrating force -- a spear hand strike -- and aims directly for the center of the Bloody Soul Claw’s palm.

Pu!

Blood splatters!

It is the blood spouting from Zhen Xu’s slashed throat. At the same time, it also contains the blood spouting from the holes on Qin Yu’s pierced left arm. There is also the blood spurting from Qin Yu’s mouth in it.

Just a moment ago, relying on a Flaming Glove, Qin Yu executed a spear hand strike and gave Zhen Xu’s palm in the Bloody Soul Claw a shock. Naturally, the Bloody Soul Claw was affected and the direction of those shooting shafts of light was also suddenly altered. 2 of them hit Qin Yu’s left arm while the others hit him in the chest.

2 holes immediately appeared on his left arm, spurting blood. Moreover, even though his chest is protected by the black gold undershirt, because this time the distance was too close and the impact force was too strong, Qin Yu was still injured internally and could not help spouting blood from his mouth.

“So dangerous.” Qin Yu looks at Zhen Xu, who has already died because his throat was cut, and takes a deep breath. He channels the fresh air into his stomach then heaves a sigh of relief.

The Flaming Sword must be used at the right time. If Qin Yu had used it from the beginning, given Zhen Xu’s sharpness, he surely would not have given Qin Yu any chance to harm him with the short sword. Qin Yu succeeded in killing Zhen Xu also thanks to the Flaming Gloves and the Flaming Sword appearing in quick succession near the end of the fight, which caught Zhen Xu off guard. Even so, Qin Yu was almost finished.

“Xiao Hei!” Qin Yu suddenly sees a black eagle appear in front of him. The eagle is staring at Qin Yu.

When Qin Yu and Zhen Xu fought just now, the distance between them was so short and life and death were decided in just a moment so the black eagle simply could not come in time to help Qin Yu. However, as an exceptional animal, it knows that Qin Yu was in serious danger and now it feels unhappy because it could not help him.

“Xiao Hei, I’m all right. Ss ~~” Qin Yu draws a cold breath and takes a look at the holes on his arm. His internal injury is not bad but it is very difficult to tell if such serious wounds as the 2 holes in his left arm can heal. Moreover, Qin Yu feels that it seems ... his left arm’s bones, tendons and channels have all been seriously damaged.

After casting a look at the 3 dead bodies, he quickly gets the iron case which contains the Trans-Heaven diagram and the key to it. Then he takes Zhen Xu’s head and gets on the black eagle’s back. With a shake of its wings, the eagle soars directly towards the horizon, leaving this city.

......

In the depths of a nameless canyon, there is a manor with a great number of experts, including more than 10 Xiantian experts. Outside the manor, there is a bamboo forest and a creek. A middle-aged man is sitting in a bamboo chair beside the creek, quietly drinking tea and enjoying the scenery. No one can know what he is thinking.

Suddenly, a gray-clad old man and a blue-clad old man approach the middle-aged man from behind. The shocking thing is that these 2 old men are late-phase Xiantian experts.

“Leader, Zhen Xu is already dead,” says the gray-clad old man respectfully.

“Oh?” The teacup in the tea-drinking middle-aged man slightly jerks. “Tell me the facts in detail.”

“Leader, at the place where Zhen Xu was killed, there were also the corpses of his 2 subordinates Nalan Dan and Nalan Feng. Moreover, there were even fragments of a silvery mask where this incident took place. It must have belonged to silver card assassin Liu Xing, who was on the mission,” says the blue-clad old man.

“Silver card assassin? Liu Xing?” That middle-aged man puts the teacup down and stands up. “Well, no, now that Liu Xing should already be considered a gold card assassin. You two quickly check the data on him once.”

Even the head of the Heavenly Net is interested in such a gold card assassin who killed 1 late phase Xiantian expert in addition to 2 early phase Xiantian experts.

“Leader, but assassin Liu Xing still hasn’t submitted the head to complete the mission ever since. Morever, an examination of the blood at the scene showed that it contained the blood of another person besides the 3 dead people. We are sure that Liu Xing was seriously injured,” says the blue-clad old man while bowing.

“Oh, but he could leave the scene so he’s obviously still alive. This kind of person won’t die so easily,” says the middle-aged man with an indifferent smile. Then he says indifferently: “All right, get ready at once. It’s time I returned to Yan City.”

“Yes!” The 2 old men bow and take the order.

The middle-aged man mumbles in a low voice: “Yu’er has gone out for so long. Why isn’t there any news about him?” He turns around while still frowning. This mysterious leader of the Heavenly Net is shockingly none other than East Vanquishing Prince -- Qin De!

.

End of b2c24.

End of book 2.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Book 3: Four-in-Nine Heavenly Tribulation

B3C1: The 1st Trans-Heaven diagram (1)

“Trash! Trash! Trash!!!”

“Bang!” The ink stone is thrown on the ground fiercely and shatters completely.

Xiang Guang stares at the hook-nosed man like a wild beast that wants to swallow people and angrily rebukes: “You piece of trash. Even Zhen Xu has already been killed. What happened actually? You must tell me everything in detail. Otherwise ... you won’t be the secret service’s head anymore.”

Xiang Guang is so angry that he has become muddled.

The hook-nosed man’s heart skips a beat. As a secret service chief who knows a lot of secrets about the Emperor, if he no longer held this postion, there would be only one result -- he would be erased! An idea springs to his mind. He immediately bows and says: “Your Majesty, according to my investigation, killing Zhen Xu was exactly one of the Heavenly Net’s gold card missions. Even though we don’t know who undertook the mission, judging by the scene of the incident, we can confirm one thing, that is, the murderer of Zhen Xu is a silver card assassin!”

“Trash, I know very well about Zhen Xu’s power, silver card assassin? Bullshit, even his subordinates, the Nalan brother and sister, would’ve been able to deal with a silver card assassin easily. Both of them were Xiantian experts and Zhen Xu was even much stronger than them in overall power. You said such 3 people had been killed by a silver card assassin. Do you think I can believe it? Or perhaps, you think I’m an idiot,” says Xiang Guang while staring at the hook-nosed man.

The hook-nosed man smiles bitterly in his mind. He told the truth but the Emperor does not believe it.

“Your Majesty, Zhen Xu was extremely powerful. His personal security was totally taken care of by himself so I know nothing about it. This time there was the mask of a silver card assassin left at the scene after he was killed, but I think the murderer must be a gold card assassin who confused Zhen Xu by wearing a silvery mask. Zhen Xu was only murdered after being led to underestimate his enemy,” says the hook-nosed man hurriedly.

Xiang Guang ponders for a long time. Seeing that Xiang Guang seems not to believe him, the hook-nosed man comes up with an idea and says: “Your Majesty, there is another possibility, that is, East Vanquishing Prince Qin De disliked being hindered by Zhen Xu so he sent top-class experts to kill him. Even those fragments of a silvery mask were probably used by East Vanquishing Prince to confuse us.”

The hook-nosed man thinks to himself: “East Vanquishing Prince, sorry. At this crucial moment I can only force everything on you.” The hook-nosed man understands very clearly that, because Xiang Guang has always been suspicious of Qin De, if he blames everything on Qin De he will probably succeed.

Indeed!

“Correct. It must’ve been Qin De. He wants to rebel but he worried that Zhen Xu would find out about this so he sent someone to kill him. He was afraid that I would discover this is his deed so he tried to fool me with a broken silvery mask. Humph, this idiot, why didn’t he use a broken golden mask? Wouldn’t it have made the whole thing more believable?” Xiang Guang talks to himself, his eyes glittering with coldness. “However, I’m not that easy to deceive. Qin De, you want to rebel, I have no doubts about this. This time you killed Zhen Xu, breaking one of my wings. Good! Good!!!”

Xiang Guang is extremely furious.

Zhen Xu was very important to him. During the last over 20 years, whenever Xiang Guang experienced difficulty in finding out if someone was disloyal or hostile to him or had a great treasure and so on he always sent Zhen Xu to investigate and handle the matter. And Zhen Xu never disappointed him. Having Zhen Xu, Xiang Guang could just sit back and relax.

Despite Qin De’s artifices, Zhen Xu was still able to find out many secrets of East Vanquishing Prince. Zhen Xu was obviously very important to Xiang Guang.

However, Zhen Xu is already dead.

Even though there are still many spies under the command of the intelligence chief, these spies are far less formidable than Zhen Xu. To Xiang Guang, the death of Zhen Xu is equivalent to the loss of one wing so how can he not be furious? How can he not gnash his teeth? Moreover, he directs all of this intense hatred of the murderer towards Qin De.

He has been suffering from a recurring nightmare for so many years. Then recently he discovered that Qin De wants to rebel. Now the person he values the most, Zhen Xu, has also been killed by Qin De.

“Qin De, if I don’t destroy your Qin clan, how can I be satisfied?” Xiang Guang crushes the teacup in his hand with a firm grip. His eyes are blazing with fury. At this moment, Xiang Guang makes another decision in his mind. “Tell Yi Yan to come to my place. You can leave first.”

The hook-nosed man secretly lets out a sigh of relief because Xiang Guang obviously will not take out his anger on him because of this matter. To him, being in a mornarch’s company is just like being in a tiger’s company. Every time he does something near the Emperor, he must be extremely careful.

“Yes, I take my leave.” The hook-nosed man bows and says.

Xiang Guang then stays motionless in the imperial study, staring at the shattered ink stone. Even though his eyes are focusing on the shattered ink stone, he is obviously thinking about something else. In a short while, footsteps can be heard outside.

“Yi Yan, come on in.” Xiang Guang’s voice rises.

The door opens and an unusual-and-evil-looking young man comes in. This is none other than Yi Yan, the head of the Dominant Dragon Corps. While those spies only investigate and gather information, this Dominant Dragon Corps is the secret force which destroys every single enemy of the Xiang royal clan in the dark.

Yi Yan looks extremely evil and unusual. He has the face of a young man but actually he has reached the Xiantian level for over 40 years. This is mostly because a Xiantian expert can live 500 years and once they reach the Xiantian level their aging will slow down.

“Your Majesty.” Yi Yan slightly bows and says.

Xiang Guang thinks for a while then gnashes his teeth and says: “Alright, tell that Zhu San that I have agreed. But every material in the body of that demonic beast saber-toothed tiger must go to me, especially those 16 sharp swords. Not even one of them can be missing.”

Yi Yan raises his eyebrows. With the corners of his mouth slightly curving upward, he bows and says: “Your Majesty is brilliant. That Zhu San has guaranteed that as long as he has a Trans-Heaven digram he will deliver the whole corpse of the demonic beast saber-toothed tiger without keeping anything back.”

“This is good.” Xiang Guang gives a cold smile. “I don’t think that Zhu San will dare to pull any tricks on me.”

Zhu San is known by reputation as the no. 1 magnate on the Qian Long continent and is based in the Ming kingdom. His business has spread all over the whole Qian Long continent. His influence is extremely great. Using some unknow method, a group of his elite subordinates was able to kill a demonic beast.

A demonic beast saber-toothed tiger looks like a huge tiger with 16 sword-like sharp spikes on the back. All of the spikes are extremely sharp and can match high Xian-grade weapons in power. Furthermore, the sharp claws of a saber-toothed tiger can be turned into weapons. Therefore, killing a saber-toothed tiger is just like finding a living treasure store.

Perhaps only Shangxian can be as formidable as saber-toothed tigers. Heaven knows what method Zhu San used to kill one.

“Your Majesty, Magnate Zhu San has a whole lot of secret bases. Because this time they killed the saber-toothed tiger in the Wilderness, they are currently staying in a secret base in a city near the Wilderness. They can’t openly transport the tiger to the Ming dynasty so they will have no choice but to cut it up in that city first then bring the body parts back in turn. However, that city is located in none other than the 3 Eastern region counties.” Yi Yan bows and says.

Hearing this, Xiang Guang also understands that this matter is rather troublesome.

The Immense Wilderness is in the easternmost part of the continent and the Chu kingdom is next to the Wilderness. The 3 Eastern region counties of the Chu kingdom are the 3 counties adjacent to the Wilderness. Generally, anyone who wants to enter the Immense Wilderness will have to pass the 3 Eastern region counties. However, these 3 Eastern region counties are under Qin De’s control.

In the past Qin De would not have dared to snatch the tiger’s body openly but it is hard to tell what the current Qin De will do.

“Yi Yan, tell your father Elder Yi to personally lead a group of experts to the 3 Eastern region counties and trade with them.” Xiang Guang solemnly gives an order. Yi Yan says respectfully at once: “Yes, as long as my father goes into action, nothing can go wrong.”

Xiang Guang suddenly bursts out laughing: “Ha-ha, I only have the 2nd Trans-Heaven diagram. Without gathering all 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams, it’s simply impossible to find out that vague mysterious technique from it. Moreover, throughout history, many talented people including even Xiuzhenists have obtained the diagrams or collected all 3 of them but no one has ever found out their secret. I only have 1 diagram so it’s useless. Trading 1 useless Trans-Heaven diagram for a saber-toothed tiger can also be considered something worth doing.”

Yi Yan bows and says: “That Zhu San is just fond of collecting treasures. He only wants to collect 1 diagram to satisfy his curiosity.”

“Alright, Yi Yan, there must be no mistake this time. By getting that saber-toothed tiger, I’ll have quite a lot of high Xian-grade weapons. Not only Elder Yi, you must also dispatch several more Xiantian experts. Remember, there must be no mistake,” says Xiang Guang again.

If the saber-toothed tiger’s body is snatched by Qin De, it will be no different from Xiang Guang himself giving Qin De a wedding present. Giving Qin De a batch of good weapons instead of getting them for himself, Xiang Guang definitely cannot allow this possibility to happen.

“Don’t worry, Your Majesty. When my father goes into action, he shall not disappoint you.” Yi Yan bows and says.

Thinking about Yi Yan’s father Elder Yi, Xiang Guang also feels assured.

.

End of b3c1.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C2: The 1st Trans-Heaven diagram (2)

In a town of the 3 Eastern region counties there is a small private house bought by Qin Yu. When he became a silver card assassin he had earned a lot of money so he bought more than 10 dwellings in the 3 Eastern region counties in order that ordinarily they would provide housing for him.

“Auntie Zhang, there’s no need to bring it into the hall. Just put it directly on this stone table. Today I’ll have dinner in the courtyard,” says Qin Yu with a smile. By now Qin Yu has already changed back to his real appearance. The black eagle, however, has gone somewhere to find food.

An auntie dressed in a large white cotton-padded jacket puts the meal on the stone table beside Qin Yu while smiling broadly: “Xiao Yu, then enjoy your meal here. I’m going back now.”

This Auntie Zhang is from a nearby hotel. When Qin Yu stays here for his body to recover, he usually tells the people of the hotel to bring the meals to his house directly. He is also very free. After all, his father Qin De, his big brother and his 2nd brother are making preparations for the army together whereas Qin Yu simply cannot take part in it.

“Luckily I have the Meteoric Tear’s mysterious clear streams. Otherwise Heaven only knows when my left arm will be able to recover.” Qin Yu cannot help groaning in his mind as he takes a look at his own left arm.

Qin Yu’s left arm was pierced 2 holes by the light Zhen Xu shot out from his fingers before his death. These injuries were very serious, but thanks to various clear streams from the Meteoric Tear permeating through the arm, these shocking injuries unexpectedly recovered very fast. In only 3 days, there are only shallow scars left on Qin Yu’s left arm and not 2 shocking holes as in the past.

Not long after he finishes dinner, the black eagle returns.

“Xiao Hei, you still remember to return, brat? You went out yesterday but only now do you get back. Really, you found a pretty female eagle, didn’t you? Seeing a female eagle, you forgot me instantly. You’re really a perverted eagle.” Qin Yu strikes the black eagle’s head with a chopstick and says laughingly.

As soon as the black eagle hears that, it cannot help raising its head, looking very disdainful.

It is obvious that the black eagle simply looks down upon ordinary female eagles.

“Hah, you’re still so arrogant. Ah, I’ve been recovering for the last 3 days so I haven’t examined that Trans-Heaven diagram.” Qin Yu’s eyes brighten. He immediately goes inside the house. The black eagle blinks curiously a couple of times and also follows him inside the house.

“Hah!” Qin Yu extends his hand and forms a claw. He makes a grab at a huge brick-like stone on the floor of the house. With an easy wave of the hand, the stone block is thrown on one side. Under the original place of the stone block, there are 2 iron cases. Qin Yu takes out one of them.

“Trans-Heaven diagrams, I’ve heard of them but I’ve never seen any.” Qin Yu gives a ha-ha laugh. His hand continuously pokes the iron case several times. Following a clack, a keyhole appears on the iron case.

Qin Yu raises his eyebrows and smilingly takes out from his bosom a key, which was taken from Nalan Feng’s body. When Nalan Feng was hiding this key at that time, he saw very clearly. After inserting the key in the keyhole, Qin Yu gently turns it.

Clack!

Hearing the expected sound, Qin Yu gives a smile. After opening the iron case, he sees 2 things inside. One is a confidential letter and the other is a square jade block. That jade block radiates a gentle multicolored light and is obviously different from ordinary jade blocks. It is very extraordinary.

“A secret letter? To Xiang Guang?” Qin Yu rips the envelope open and takes out the letter.

As he reads the letter, his face slightly changes color. The contents of this confidential letter are mostly about 2 things. First is the Trans-Heaven diagram. And second is Qin De’s rebellion. It describes in great detail some rebellious acts by Qin De and even has information about some special armies of the 3 Eastern region counties.

Qin Yu thinks with a sigh: “Phew, really dangerous. This Zhen Xu’s investigation is very clear and detailed. There are many things that even I don’t know about. If Xiang Guang knew about them, it’d be terrible. Luckily I stopped this letter.”

Qin Yu, however, does not know that generally Zhen Xu could only review his information and write a confidential letter about his investigation’s most recent results after quite some time. The account of some special armies of the 3 Eastern region counties in this letter intercepted by Qin Yu is Zhen Xu’s greatest achievement during his stay in the 3 Eastern region counties.

Some special armies will produce special effects in war. A surprise army must catch the enemy unawares. However, if the enemy knows about the existence of these armies and makes preparations first, then the element of surprise will no longer exist.

Too bad, Xiang Guang will never know these pieces of information.

After all, Zhen Xu is already dead and this letter was also intercepted. Even if he sends someone else to the 3 Eastern region counties to be the intelligence head here, it will be difficult for them to find out something. The fellow who is Zhen Xu’s predecessor was the intelligence head of the region for over 10 years but he could not gather any important information. It is very hard to find an espionage genius like Zhen Xu.

Wham ~~

His right hand makes a grasp. A powerful blast of air encircles his palm and turns the letter into powder.

“The letter has been destroyed. That dirty dog Xiang Guang will never know jack about it,” thinks Qin Yu. His eyes cannot help radiating coldness. He knows his mother was murdered by that dirty dog Xiang Guang and he must avenge his mother’s death, how can he not detest Xiang Guang?

Bang! Bang!

2 loud and clear noises rising arouse Qin Yu’s attention. As soon as he takes a look, he becomes very worried: “Xiao Hei, don’t mess around. Your beak is very sharp. Do you want to smash this Trans-Heaven diagram?” As Qin Yu is saying he makes Xiao Hei move away with a push.

“Good, it’s not broken.” Qin Yu looks at the Trans-Heaven diagram. Only when he sees that the square jade block of this Trans-Heaven diagram still remains intact does he secretly let out a sigh of relief. He turns around and looks angrily at Xiao Hei. However, Xiao Hei flaps its wings a couple of times and shakes its head, looking very self-satisfied.

The 3 Trans-Heaven square jade blocks have been around for Heaven knows how many years. These treasures are not ordinary jade so they will not be destroyed that easily.

“I won’t waste time on you. Now I’m going to research this Trans-Heaven diagram once.” Holding the Trans-Heaven diagram, Qin Yu comes out of the room and enters the courtyard. At night, he likes to be bathed in starlight the most. Staying under the starry sky late at night gives him a distinct feeling.

It got dark not long ago but Qin Yu has no problem seeing the Trans-Heaven diagram.

“This is the Trans-Heaven diagram. What’s the big deal? There’s nothing else except for some pictures.” Qin Yu looks at the diagram carefully for a long time and even performs a minute examination of it with his holy sense but he finds nothing other than those pictures on its surface.

The surface of the square jade block has the words -- First Trans-Heaven Diagram --, which are even written in the common language of the Qian Long continent.

There are various small pictures on the square jade block below those words, 36 unusually small pictures altogether. Each picture is a man performing a movement. All of the movements are very strange. At least Qin Yu thinks so.

Except for these 36 pictures, there is nothing else.

“What is this Trans-Heaven diagram actually? The 1st Trans-Heaven diagram has only 36 pictures. The man in these 36 pictures doesn’t even have any paths for internal energy circulation. There are only 36 strange movements. Could it be I only need to learn these movements?” says Qin Yu doubtfully.

He knows that for so many years the 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams have come into the possession of countless people but no one has ever found out their secret. If the secret was merely to learn the movements in the pictures, perhaps it would have been mastered in less than a year.

Qin Yu racks his brains and tries every means to research the diagram but by the time the Moon rises above the trees he still has not come up with any solution after wasting half an entire night.

“Forget it. Let’s try learning these movements first to see if they have any benefits.” Qin Yu suddenly stands up.

Thanks to his formidable holy sense he remembers every single movement of the 36 pictures completely. He starts to learn those movements in proper order at once. His body’s flexibility and toughness are absolutely very good.

But even so, he still feels very strange as he learns these strange movements.

However, he controls his temper and learns one movement after another. Because his body’s flexibility and toughness are extremely good, even though these movements are strange, he learns them very fast. One after another, the movements are executed ...

“What’s going on? What’s happened to the world’s holy energy?” Qin Yu is shocked to discover that, as he performs the movements with his body, various streams of holy energy enter his body from all directions then permeate through his flesh and bone directly.

The absorbtion speed is extremely fast, much faster than the speed of absorbing internal energy.

When his internal energy disperses from the dantian, his flesh can only absorb some of it. By contrast, the world’s holy energy is permeating through his body directly and basically does not disperse.

What is actually happening? Is the secret of the Trans-Heaven diagram so simple?

Qin Yu does not know the answers to those questions. But he knows one thing -- at least, he likes these movements.

End of b3c2.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C3: A bolt from the blue (1)

The human body is a treasury. Many people have failed to completely unravel its mysteries in their lifetimes.

In the depths of Qin Yu’s body, his most basic cells are already different from those of ordinary people. He has been doing limit training for so many years, added to that his body has been absorbing internal energy and those fantastic clear streams from the Meteoric Tear, therefore his body’s cells have undergone some miraculous transformations.

However, as Qin Yu continuously performs those movements, his cells unexpectedly absorb the world’s holy energy nonstop and start to transform again.

Every single cell is like a bottomless pit because the holy energy streams which swarm into his body are swallowed up instantly. Even though holy energy is engulfing Qin Yu and has even turned into mist around him, so much holy energy is still very far from enough for his body to absorb.

There are so many cells in Qin Yu’s body and each of them has been absorbing so much. This goes to show that a human has limitless potential.

“These 36 mysterious pictures of this Trans-Heaven diagram are really miraculous.” Qin Yu restrains the excitement in his heart and concentrates his entire mind and energy on learning the 36 movements. He tries to perform every single movement to perfection, including the subtle movements of his fingers. He wants his movements and the pictures to be exactly alike.

Qin Yu discovers that, the more precise his movements are, the greater his holy energy absorption speed is.

He felt very awkward when he started to learn these 36 movements. However, as he continuously performs these movements, they become more and more perfect and eventually he finds doing these 36 movements so much comfortable, even to the point where all of the muscles and bones in his body feel comfortable inside out.

The Moon slowly goes down from above the trees and it gradually gets light but Qin Yu is still immersing himself in this set of movements. His movements are also becoming increasingly natural. Even though the movements are strange, Qin Yu no longer feels awkward or strange performing them.

Flowing and natural,

Qin Yu finally has this wonderful feeling. He has reached the most basic level in performing the 36 movements, where everything is flowing and natural. At this moment, the thing which shocks Qin Yu the most is that the holy energy engulfing him has transformed.

It is no longer a mist as in the past. Rather, it has formed 36 streams which are as thick as a human arm and are permeating into his body at a speed much faster than before. However, by the time he reaches the level where the holy energy around him turns into 36 arm-sized streams, it has been ...

3 nights and 3 days!

3 whole nights and days, Qin Yu has not eaten for such a long time, totally immersing himself in this set of movements. Moreover, only when he stops now can he feel clearly his body’s changes.

“I’m fresh and cool and not hungry at all. This kind of feeling is pretty good.” Qin Yu’s eyes glitter. At this moment his heart is extremely excited. “It doesn’t matter what the secret of this Trans-Heaven diagram is, those pictures on its surface alone have already made me undergo such a great transformation. I’m already very satisfied.”

Now, even without the 1st Trans-Heaven diagram, Qin Yu will not care about it, because he has already learned by heart those 36 pictures.

Of course, Qin Yu does not believe that the secret of the Trans-Heaven diagram is those 36 simple pictures. If simply learning the pictures could lead to success, someone would definitely have found out the secret early. Moreover, Qin Yu does not believe that training his body alone will help him reach the level of that legendary man in the past.

“Xiao Hei!” Qin Yu looks at the black eagle, which is dozing in the courtyard, and calls laughingly.

Xiao Hei suddenly opens its eyes. Seeing that Qin Yu has finally stopped training, it flaps its wings in excitement. For the last 3 days it has been bored to death because of Qin Yu’s nonstop training.

“It’s been such a long time. I should go finalize the mission. If I keep delaying, perhaps the Heavenly Net will think that I’ve failed the mission,” thinks Qin Yu to himself. He immediately gets the iron case containing Zhen Xu’s head then sits on the black eagle’s back and leaves this small town.

The black eagle is flying at an extremely fast speed, like lightning.

......

“Now I’m also a gold card assassin.” Qin Yu, disguised thanks to the Appearance and Bone Changing art and wearing a golden mask, puts a large bunch of bank notes into his bosom and leaves a Heavenly Net branch. “Ha-ha, when that Heavenly Net executive knew that I was assassin Liu Xing, he unexpectedly got so enthusiastic. This has never happened before.”

Qin Yu thinks emotionally.

Just now when he submitted the mission, that executive treated him with real ardor. But after Qin Yu finalized the mission, the executive’s face turned ice-cold and served monotonously as usual. No wonder Qin Yu is so emotional.

Qin Yu, however, does not know that a gold card assassin has an extremely high status. Moreover, even gold card assassins are divided into high-class, middle-class and low-class.

An assassin who has killed an early phase Xiantian expert, an assassin who has killed a middle phase Xiantian expert, and an assassin who has killed a late phase Xiantian expert are all gold card assassins. However, these 3 gold card assassin, of course, cannot be valued the same.

By killing Zhen Xu, a late phase Xiantian expert, Qin Yu has become a first-class figure even among gold card assassins. And a lowly branch executive naturally wanted to serve one of the best assassins like him with extreme exuberance.

When Qin Yu has just left the Heavenly Net branch, the branch executive says coldly at once: “Assassin Liu Xing has just left. Quickly investigate his identity.”

Even though it is a rule of the Heavenly Net that it shall not investigate the identities of any Outer Net members, a gold card assassin is a Xiantian expert and, moreover, the Heavenly Net leader has personally given an order to find out assassin Liu Xing’s identity, therefore the Heavenly Net naturally has to investigate. However, when they just want to follow him, they discover that ...

“Sir, assassin Liu Xing isn’t in East Street.”

“Sir, assassin Liu Xing isn’t in West Street.”

......

That executive immediately becomes doubtful: “That’s strange. That Liu Xing can’t fly into the sky or go underground. How can’t we find him?”

Indeed, Qin Yu can fly into the sky. At the moment he is sitting on the back of the black eagle, flying on the 9th level of the sky, and people on the ground simply cannot even see his silhouette. The black eagle is flying extremely high and extremely fast so investigating his identity is as hard as climbing the sky.

Qin Yu is enjoying the strong winds on the 9th level of the sky.

“Father has always been refusing to let me take part in his plan. Now I’m already a Xiantian expert ...” Qin Yu’s heart is endlessly excited at the moment. As soon as he thinks about his father knowing he is a Xiantian expert, he becomes extremely excited. Moreover, Qin Yu is even the 1st, the unprecedented Xiantian external expert in the history of the Qian Long continent.

When Qin Yu was little, still lacking good judgement, he thought his father did not love him and, as a result, he trained very hard. When he grew up, he knew the truth, that is, his father had devoted his entire mind and energy to the plan to destroy the Xiang clan. His big brother and 2nd brother were also taking part in the plan. Qin Yu extremely wanted to help his father but was turned down for the reason that he had not reached the Xiantian level.

Finally ... Qin Yu became a Xiantian expert.

“Xiao Hei, fly directly to Yan City.” Qin Yu pinches the golden mask to pieces, drops all of the objects which can expose his assassin identity and starts using the Appearance and Bone Changing art. This time he switches back to his original appearance. His heart has already become a bit too impatient to wait.

Xiao Hei seems to understand Qin Yu’s feelings. With a sharp cry and a shake of the wings, it accelerates again and flies toward Yan City like a black beam of light.

End of b3c3.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C4: A bolt from the blue (2)

It is deep in the autumn at the moment. Autumn winds are blowing and dried leaves are falling. Today the tranquil town Baisha welcomes several special guests.

In an ancient house, subordiates of the Qian Long continent’s no. 1 magnate Zhu San and the group of experts sent by the Chu Emperor Xiang Guang are gathering. Both sides are very cautious. But they are basically on different levels in power. For some unknown reason, Zhu San sent a group including only one Xiantian expert and, moreover, this is only an early phase Xiantian expert.

By contrast, all of the people Xiang Guang sent are experts, quite a few of whom are Xiantian experts.

“I’m Yi Feng. We’ve brought our thing, how about you?” says directly a handsome man with an evil, strange smiling expression. This Yi Feng is none other than the younger brother of Yi Yan’s, the leader of the secret force the Dominant Dragon Corps. He is also the vice leader of the Dominant Dragon Corps.

Zhu San’s side is led by a fat old man, who says smilingly: “You don’t have to be worried, gentlemen. We only have so few people but we don’t dare to deceive you. The corpse of the demonic beast saber-toothed tiger is intact. Bring it out!”

This fat old man shouts loudly. 4 large men immediately carry out from a room the corpse of a dark red tiger which is 5 meters long. Those 16 sharp spikes identify this tiger as -- a demonic beast, a saber-toothed tiger.

“A demonic beast is really a demonic beast. Who would’ve thought its corpse wouldn’t stink after such a long time?” says Yi Feng with a smile.

The fat old man says with a shake of his head: “Mr. Yi, the body of a demonic beast is of course exceptional. It’ll only stink after a very long time. But only because we sprinkled this saber-toothed tiger’s corpse with some Billow Drying Powder hasn’t it rotted in the slightest.”

“Tut-tut, Billow Drying Powder, the no. 1 magnate is really worthy of his reputation.” Yi Feng clicks his tongue while praising highly. “Alright, we’ve seen your product. You can also see ours.” Yi Feng makes a wave of his hand and a person behind him immediately holds out a jade case with both hands.

After the case is opened, there is a square jade block which radiates a multicolored light inside.

The fat old man slightly narrows his eyes and takes a look at the square jade block and its multicolored light. In a moment he raises his head and says smilingly: “There’s no need to examine carefully. We believe in the royal clan’s reputation. Good, if everyone is happy to cooperate, in the future our boss will also work together with the Xiang royal clan in many business activities.”

Yi Feng nods with satisfaction.

“Go get that saber-toothed tiger’s corpse.” Yi Feng gives an order. 4 people come out from behind him at once and lift the huge corpse up with a grab. The fat old man has also received the Trans-Heaven diagram. Both sides are cooperating sincerely and very happily.

However, at this moment, various wisps of a light-colored, near invisible smoke drift by. Many of the people present fall down immediately. The 4 large men who are carrying the saber-toothed tiger’s coprse also fall down in an instant then blood flows out from their ears, eyes, mouths and nostrils. They die on the spot.

“No good. The smoke is poisoned.” The fat old man’s voice rises loudly at the same time.

In just a while, the people on the fat old man’s side have all died of poison except for the fat old man himself. As for Yi Feng’s side, despite most of its men have fallen down, 8 people are still standing. These 8 people are none other than the Xiantian experts of the group that came here this time.

These Xiantian experts can hold their breaths and execute the Xiantian Fetal Respiration technique therefore the poisonous mist naturally cannot affect them. Moreover, even if they inhale some poison, they can channel their Xiantian energy to quickly expel the poison from their bodies.

“It’s Qin De’s men.” Yi Feng says in an ice-cold voice. “Qin De, you even dare to meddle in His Majesty’s business. Could it be you want to rebel?!” says Yi Feng very loudly, sending his voice to the outside of the courtyard directly.

This place is on the 3 Eastern region counties’ soil, except for East Vanquishing Prince Qin De, nobody should know about this matter. Even if someone else knew, they would not have the nerve to meddle in this business.

“Rebel? That lowlife Xiang Guang was helped by Zhen Xu, he must know about His Highness’s affairs. Even though things have reached this level, we still have to maintain a façade of unity so we won’t destroy the Xiang clan for a while. However ... as long as all of you are eliminated, Xiang Guang won’t have enough evidence.” An aged voice rises.

With Lian Yan being the leader, 3 people then enter the courtyard. As they seem unafraid of the poison mist, they are obviously Xiantian experts. However, they only have 3 people whereas Yi Feng’s side has 8 people and that fat old man is also a Xiantian expert.

But even Yi Feng’s expression is very ugly at the moment.

“East Vanquishing Prince, our boss is ...” The fat old man wants to say something, but ...

Whizz!

A cold shaft of light flashes by and the fat old man dies instantly with eyes wide opened. A black-clad old man behind Lian Yan gives a grim laugh. He just killed a Xiantian expert directly with one strike, and that fat old man simply could not resist in the slightest.

East Vanquishing Prince’s side has 3 people altogether.

2 of them are late phase Xiantian experts and Lian Yan is even a super expert who has completed the Xiantian level. At the peak of its late phase, the Xiantian level is completed. Once an expert achieves the completion of the Xiantian level, he will undergo the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation soon.

“East Vanquishing Prince is really powerful. But by robbing us with only 3 people, he has looked down on us a bit too much,” says Yi Feng coldly.

There are 7 people at Yi Feng’s back, one of whom is a late phase Xiantian expert while the others are middle phase Xiantian experts and early phase Xiantian experts. Yi Feng himself is just a middle phase Xiantian expert as well. Therefore, in terms of overall power, the 3 people sent by Qin De, especially peak Xiantian-level Lian Yan, are much superior to them.

“Gentlemen, don’t waste time talking to them. Let’s get started,” says Lian Yan indifferently.

“Yes, Senior Lian!” The 2 black-clad old men bow and say. Among Qin De’s subordinates, Lian Yan has the highest status. Every expert will address him as Senior Lian upon seeing him. This is not only because Lian Yan is the most powerful among them, but also because he is a person of great character and experience.

Yi Feng’s eyes flash with coldness: “Let’s attack together. Kill the late phase Xiantian experts first.”

Immediately --

The 8 Xiantian experts including Yi Feng charge at Lian Yan and his 2 comrades. Lian Yan, however, stands still with a faint smile. The 2 black-clad old men behind him charge forward side by side like lightning.

Shua!

With a dash, Lian Yan’s body disappears into thin air.

The only late phase Xiantian expert among the 8 people on Yi Feng’s side suddenly feels that there is something wrong. Prompted by the fear in his heart, he fiercely executes a backward diagonal slash of his knife without delay. “Bang!” With a loud noise, Lian Yan appears in front of him and slightly smiles: “Your reaction was pretty quick.”

Suddenly, an effulgent shaft of light of a knife expands vigorously.

This late phase Xiantian expert hurriedly raises his knife to block it. However, a sharp Xiantian energy stream goes through the knife, penetrates into his body and attacks his insides. Then, with a bang, the body of this Xiantian expert shatters violently.

Because the only late phase Xiantian expert has died, Lian Yan cannot help giving a faint smile.

However, before Lian Yan can withdraw the knife, his face changes color. His body instantly dashes away a long distance like a flash. But a sharp whistle still rises. A linear bloodstain has appeared on Lian Yan’s face. The brawl stops at once.

A pink-clad middle-aged man is looking at Lian Yan smilingly.

“Qing Yu, it’s you.” Lian Yan’s eyes radiate fierceness.

“Father.” Seeing this pink-clad middle-aged man, who is his adopted father, Yi Feng hurriedly bows and says. This middle-aged man is none other than the real leader of his group Elder Yi, who is also the father of the Dominant Dragon Corps’ current leader Yi Yan and is the previous leader of the Dominant Dragon Corps.

Yi Qing Yu is the real name of this Elder Yi.

“Lian Yan, you’re really as impressive as in the past. I got into action just a bit late but you had already killed a late phase Xiantian expert. However ... you won’t escape this time.” Yi Qing Yu gives a faint smile, which is effulgent like glamorous peach blossoms.

A cold light is twinkling between those delicate fingers.

End of b3c4.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C5: A bolt from the blue (3)

Lian Yan takes a look at Yi Qing Yu. His eyes glitter like never before. If Qin Yu were here, he would definitely find this strange because Lian Yan is generally very calm and, when he was staying at Misty Villa, he spent most of his time sitting quietly and rarely got excited, especially excited as he is at the moment.

“Qing Yu, do you still remember what happened 160 years ago?” asks Lian Yan with a smile.

Yi Qing Yu ponders for a while then bursts out laughing: “Lian Yan, you still remember that battle 160 years ago? But at that time your power was too weak to even protect your daughter and wife. Luckily for you, East Vanquishing Prince’s men came and saved your life. This time you won’t escape.”

Upon reaching the Xiantian level, a practitioner’s lifespan will increase to 500 years. This Yi Qing Yu and Lian Yan both have been living for several hundred years and have achieved the completion of the Xiantian level. However, they have yet to undergo the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. There have been people who had to face the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation the very days they reached the peak of the Xiantian level, but there have also been people who lived out their lives at the peak of the Xiantian level waiting for the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. The visitation of the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation depends on a practitioner’s intuitive enlightenment and has nothing to do with his desire at all.

“Escape? Why should I escape? I’ve been wating for over 100 years for this one day.” Lian Yan’s eyes suddenly flash with fierceness. “You two kill all the other people. Let me handle Yi Qing Yu.”

“Yes!” The 2 black-clad old men bow and say at once.

Lian Yan then stares at Yi Qing Yu. A fierce aura expands swiftly and ruthlessly toward Yi Qing Yu. The knife on Lian Yan’s waist also starts to tremble. Yi Qing Yu slightly wrinkles his eyebrows then, adopting a hand posture in which the thumb and the middle finger are squeezed together, he confronts Lian Yan with a smile.

The 2 of them are facing each other but neither one rushes into attacking.

The peak of the Xiantian level, if a practitioner cannot obtain some natural treasure or top-class superb technique, it will take him at least over 100 years to reach that point. Only if he practices a top-class technique such as the Ancestral Dragon Art or comes into possession of some treasure from the Wilderness can he reach that point within several tens years.

“Ah!”

A miserable cry rises but the noises of the fighting do not stop. The 2 black-clad old men are carrying out an onslaught against the other 7 people including Yi Feng. Severed limbs fly up in the air and blood splatters over the ground. The 2 black-clad old men have suffered some injuries but, even under the joint attack of 7 people, they have killed one opponent and wounded another.

Yi Qing Yu and Lian Yan, however, simply do not look at those people.

Clang!

The knife on Lian Yan’s waist suddenly comes out of its sheath. A vertical shaft of light expands forth. In the blink of an eye it has already arrived at Yi Qing Yu’s face and slashes at his torso. Lian Yan then extends his hand and takes the knife in a grasp. Following the shaft of light, he also charges at Yi Qing Yu like a flash.

After the shaft of light flashes by, the body vanishes into thin air.

The shaft of light created by the knife went through Yi Qing Yu’s body like that but his body just turned into nothingness.

“Ah!” A black-clad old man suddenly utters a miserable cry. A small hole has already appeared at the midpoint between his eyebrows. He is immediately cut into pieces by Yi Feng and his comrades. Yi Qing Yu’s body then appears on the other side of the battlefield. He is gently twiddling an embroidery needle between his middle finger and thumb.

“Lian Yan, you should know I have the fastest speed, right? Why used a strike like that?” says Yi Qing Yu with a slight wave of his sleeve. Suddenly his face changes color because he discovers Lian Yan has disappeared. Yi Qing Yu immediately shuts his eyes.

In the blink of an eye, his body suddenly disappears as well. At the same time, a series of metallic clangs rises. The 2 of them then appear before other people but they disappear again in an instant ...

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! .....

Only many series of clashes can be heard because they have reached their highest speeds, which are basically beyond the visual capability of the human eye.

“Ha-ha-ha ... thrilling, this is thirlling!” Lian Yan suddenly laughs out loud. His laughter is filled with lordliness and heroism.

“Lian Yan, I didn’t think you’d really have some skills.” Yi Qing Yu’s slightly sinister soft voice rises. Droplets of blood are drifting in the air but they are still moving extremely fast. The other people basically cannot see them clearly. Suddenly --

The 2 bodies appear and stand facing each other.

A small hole has appeared on Lian Yan’s chest and blood is trickling out from it. Yi Qing Yu no longer looks free and easy either. At the moment, his hair is messy and his stomach has a clear cut caused by the knife, from which blood is also dribbling out.

“Ha-ha ...” Lian Yan suddenly turns his face upward and gives a long laugh. “Flowers bloom and wither. Seasons come and go. After waiting for so many years, I’ve finally had this day. When Li died in my bosom, I already lost interest in life. Without affections in life, what have I been living for? Money, power, I don’t care about them in the slightest. Since Li died, I’ve been living in this world only to cherish my memories and ... to kill you. But you’ve always been hiding in the den of the Dominant Dragon Corps for so many years. This time ...”

Lian Yan’s eyes totally focus on Yi Qing Yu: “Heaven has helped me. I’ve finally found you. Ha-ha, Yi Qing Yu, come, let’s have a thrilling fight!”

A dazzling golden light bursts forth from inside Lian Yan’s body. Then his entire body becomes dazzling like the Sun. The outside of his body is now covered in a layer of body-protecting energy, which is much more vigorous than Zhen Xu’s body-protecting energy.

Feeling Lian Yan’s lordliness and indomitable spirit, Yi Qing Yu slightly frowns.

“You’re very troublesome, old geezer,” says Yi Qing Yu impatiently. His body starts to radiate various black rays of light. His hair also starts to flutter about in the air. An intense light is twinkling on every strand of his hair. That embroidery needle in Yi Qing Yu’s hand, however, becomes very indistinct.

Boom!

The air suddenly explodes with a boom. Everything within a 10 m radius of Lian Yan and Yi Qing Yu has exploded.

The only black-clad old man left on Lian Yan’s side is being ganged up on by 4 opponents with Yi Feng being the leader. Just now, when killing one person on their side, he was seriously injured. These 4 people are all middle phase Xiantian experts so, even though he is a late phase Xiantian expert, it is difficult for him to kill any of them. After all, he is fighting against 4 after getting badly injured.

Suddenly --

There is a series of explosions. The entire surface of the courtyard has been blown up and dust is surging in the air. The raging force of the explosions causes Yi Feng, his 3 men and the black-clad old man to retreat to one side uncontrollably. For the moment, the fight has stopped. They all look at the center of the courtyard.

“Heart-Piercing Ten Thousand Arrows!”

Yi Qing Yu’s sharp voice rises. Every strand of his silver hair, which covers his entire head, is thrusted directly at Lian Yan before him like an arrow. There is a hint of superiority on Yi Qing Yu’s face. It is impossible for him to give every single strand of hair enough power to break Lian Yan’s body-protecting energy.

His real killing blow is ... the embroidery needles hidden in the silver hair.

Bang!

Lian Yan’s battle knife slashes down. Yi Qing Yu winds a long bundle of his hair around it and Lian Yan’s downward slash is stopped. At the same time his countless strands of silver hair are thrusted directly at Lian Yan’s entire body in every place like sharp arrows. Moreover, the 10 silver embroidery needles hidden among them also come at Lian Yan with a terrifying force while blending in with the strands of hair.

Lian Yan has detected those embroidery needles but he does not dodge them. He does not want to dodge them because after getting his revenge, even if he lives, he will be spiritually exhausted.

“Ha-ha-ha ...”

Lian Yan suddenly turns his face skyward and gives a long laugh, which shakes the air.

“Ah!”

With a miserable cry, Yi Qing Yu’s head shoots up in the air. Those wide opened eyes are filled with disbelief. His hair is also cut off. Yi Qing Yu’s head then tumbles on the ground and becomes covered with dust. The people who are watching the fight on one side such as Yi Feng are all dumbfounded.

10 holes have also appeared on Lian Yan’s chest. Those 10 embroidery needles have penetrated into his body but he is still laughing. At this moment, his hand is holding a dark red battle knife.

This battle knife is none other than a middle-grade holy weapon forged from In-rock Flaming iron that Lian Yan has always been keeping inside his body. In the beginning of the fight, he used his former weapon, but at the crucial moment, he suddenly took out the middle-grade holy weapon and, with a slash, cut off the silver hair and beheaded Yi Qing Yu.

Yi Qing Yu’s speed was extremely fast. Had he known early that Lian Yan had such a holy-class battle knife, perhaps he would have fled immediately.

......

Sitting on the back of the black eagle, Qin Yu is flying extremely fast on the 9th level of the sky.

“What a strong aura. Xiao Hei, stop!” Qin Yu feels clearly a terrifyingly strong aura on the ground below him. He is flying very high in the sky but this aura is really so strong that any Xiantian expert can feel it even at such a long distance, not to mention Qin Yu, whose senses are so extraordinary.

“It’s Granpa Lian’s aura.” Qin Yu analyzes the aura and instantly discovers whose it is.

“Xiao Hei, come down!” says Qin Yu immediately without thinking much. The black eagle dives down at once. In just a while, Qin Yu has arrived in the small courtyard from the sky. At this moment, Lian Yan beheads Yi Qing Yu with a slash of his battle knife.

“Ha-ha-ha ...” Lian Yan turns his face skyward and laughs out loud. However, tears are streaming down from his eyes.

With a look, Qin Yu sees every hole in Lian Yan’s chest. Those are the holes pierced by the 10 embroidery needles. As someone proficient in the art of medicine, Qin Yu immediately judges that these holes have been pierced precisely in vital points of the human body. As Qin Yu looks at one hole after another, he seems as if he has been struck by a bolt from the blue. His entire body has been frozen with stupefaction.

End of b3c5.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C6: Buried with the dead (1)

Qin Yu’s mind has gone blank completely. A suffocated feeling surges up, causing his head to start spinning. Only after a while, which in Qin Yu’s mind seems to have been an extremely long time, does he fully come to his senses.

“Grandpa Lian!” Qin Yu suddenly says in a hoarse voice. At the same time, he jumps down directly from the back of the black eagle. In an instant, he has arrived at Lian Yan’s side.

Lian Yan raises his head and sees Qin Yu jump down. There is a hint of a kind smile on his face: “Xiao Yu, even you have come here. It’s great I can see you before I die. Heaven really isn’t mean to me.” Even though he has been mortally injured, judging by how he is talking alone, no one would see any signs of his serious injuries.

“Granpa Lian ...” Qin Yu does not know what he should say. Seeing those terrifying injuries, tears stream down from his eyes.

“Xiao Yu, don’t cry. Birth, aging, sickness and death are very normal things. I’ve been living long enough so it doesn’t matter if I die now.” Lian Yan wipes the tears from Qin Yu’s face and advises him. Suddenly Lian Yan slightly frowns and plunks himself down on the ground.

“Grandpa Lian, let’s go, I’ll take you to a doctor,” says Qin Yu while trying to carry Lian Yan onto the black eagle’s back.

“Don’t worry yourself, Xiao Yu. I know you’re very good at the art of medicine. Seeing my injuries how can’t you know that I’m dying? Your Grandpa Lian’s current internal injuries are extremely serious. I have to rely completely on my vigorous Xiantian energy only to say some words to you,” says Lian Yan with a smile.

Qin Yu nips his lips. Even though he does not want to accept it, he also knows that his Grandpa Lian is right. The only thing which is keeping Lian Yan alive is the Xiantian energy inside his body.

“Ah ah ~~~ Father ... All of you come forward for me. Let’s kill this black-clad geezer first then finish that damned geezer off later.” Yi Feng’s voice rises loudly with hatred. Yi Feng has also noticed that Lian Yan has been mortally wounded and basically has no power left to resist.

Qin Yu’s eyes flash with coldness.

“Xiao Yu, don’t act on impulse. Run immediately. The 4 of them are all Xiantian experts. That black-clad old man is your father subordinate but today he has already suffered so many injuries,” says Lian Yan hurriedly to Qin Yu. Even though Qin Yu has reached the Xiantian level, Lian Yan simply cannot notice that.

Every expert on the Qian Long continent judges their opponent’s overall power based on the opponent’s internal energy. If the opponent has reached the Xiantian level then there will be Xiantian energy inside their body. It is this simple. However, Qin Yu is different from the other Xiantian experts because there is no Xiantian energy inside his body.

His strong points are his body, his strength and his agility. Therefore, even Lian Yan cannot tell how powerful Qin Yu really is. After all, it is difficult to judge precisely how much muscle power a person has.

“Don’t’ worry, Grandpa Lian. I’m confident I can deal with them. I’ll tell you a secret, Grandpa Lian. I’ve already reached the Xiantian level through external practice. The Xiantian level of external practice is totally different from the Xiantian level of internal practice. It’s much more powerful.” At this moment Qin Yu only wants to make Lian Yan feel a bit happier.

Lian Yan’s eyes brighten: “Reaching the Xiantian level through external practice?” There has never been anyone who could reach the Xiantian level via external practice but, seeing Qin Yu’s eyes, Lian Yan knows Qin Yu does not deceive him. As a dying person, this news is also a consolation to him, and he calms down very fast.

“Ah!”

A miserable cry is heard. The black-clad old man, who was badly injured earlier, has been killed by 4 Xiantian experts.

“Ha-ha, old geezer, who could’ve thought you’d kill my father? I’ll definitely cut you into pieces alive. I won’t let you die a nice death,” says Yi Feng to Lian Yan with extreme hatred. His entire handsome face becomes ferocious.

At the moment, Lian Yan’s face starts to go pale. Qin Yu’s face changes color. He knows Lian Yan can no longer hang on so he embraces Lian Yan.

“Shut up!” All of a sudden, Qin Yu coldly shouts at Yi Feng and his men. The coldness in his eyes is focused on Yi Feng like a sharp knife. He does not want Lian Yan to be disturbed in his dying moments. Yi Feng is startled by Qin Yu’s shout, and that look in Qin Yu’s eyes even makes him freeze with stupefaction.

Qin Yu looks at his Grandpa Lian. At this moment, all he can do is let Grandpa Lian leave this world in peace.

Lian Yan looks into the sky but his eyes see hallucinations. He remembers the 1st time he and his beloved met each other at Lake Jinfeng.

When Lian Yan dies, there is even a smiling expression on his face.

Qin Yu is still young and inexperienced so he does not understand Lian Yan’s feelings. But he can feel that his Grandpa Lian was calm and relaxed at the moment of his death and was not grieved at all.

“Grandpa Lian,” says Qin Yu in a shaky low voice.

Since he was little, the person Qin Yu has actually spent the most time with was Lian Yan. When he was still living in the princely mansion, Lian Yan looked after him. After he moved to Misty Villa, Lian Yan looked after him as well. It can be said that Lian Yan even spent much more time with him than his father Qin De has.

“Brat, are you done with mourning?” says Yi Feng with a cold laugh.

Qin Yu simply cannot bear looking at this Yi Feng. However, Yi Feng is extremely furious. Just now he was unexpectedly stupefied by Qin Yu’s thunderous shout so naturally he has become furious out of embarrassment. But he is not a useless profligate son and, moreover, the person he currently hates the most is Lian Yan.

This is because Lian Yan killed his father!

“Father, I’m an undutiful son. Now I’m avenging your death!” says Yi Feng while kneeling in front of Yi Qing Yu’s body. He then stands up and coldly orders: “Kill that brat. That geezer killed my father so I must cut him into pieces and torture his corpse to the utmost to avenge my father’s death!!!”

“Yes!” The 3 middle-phase Xiantian experts immediately bow and say. In their eyes, Qin Yu is no more than a brat who is unworthy of their attention.

“What did you just say?” Qin Yu gently puts Lian Yan’s body down and slowly stands up. He fixes Yi Feng with an ice-cold fierce look.

Yi Feng slightly narrows his eyes: “Cutting that geezer into pieces, so what?” There is a hint of an evil, strange smile on his face. He then stares at his 3 subordinates: “The 3 of you let that brat know the consequences of messing with other people’s business!”

“My 2 brothers, there’s only one bloke, I alone can handle him,” says a short man with a ha-ha laugh.

Qin Yu slightly narrows his eyes, which then glitter with coldness.

“Die, brat!” With a shake of his body, the short man slashes the long knife in his hands at Qin Yu. He is much faster than the Nalan brother and sister. Too bad, Qin Yu has improved a lot since the day he killed Zhen Xu.

A dark red pair of gloves suddenly appears on Qin Yu’s fists. They are middle-grade holy weapons -- the Flaming Gloves!

Qin Yu makes a movement with his body. 3 afterimages appear instantly. At the same time, a metallic bang rises and that Xian-grade battle knife is unexpectedly shattered. The fist which has just shattered that battle knife is then thrusted directly at the short man’s throat like a beam of light.

Piercing spear hand strike!

The short man, who is still shocked by the disintegration of his battle knife, simply has no reaction. Qin Yu’s spear hand strike concentrates the force equivalent to the weight of several thousand jin completely in one point. “Bang!” With a bang, a hole appears instantly on the short man’s throat.

“Thud!” With a loud sound and eyes protruding, the short man falls on the ground for good. His wide opened eyes show that he still cannot seem to believe what happened is real.

Yi Feng’s and the other 2 middle-phase Xiantian experts’ jaws drop for the present. They look at Qin Yu in shock then look at the middle phase Xiantian expert on the ground, who is already dead. In their minds, they are replaying Qin Yu’s shocking speed and his great might when he shattered the Xian grade battle knife just now.

“The 3 of you prepare to be buried with my Grandpa Lian!” Qin Yu unleashes the entire power of his body. Even the power in the depths of his cells starts to surge forth. As he is a Xiantian external expert, how devastating his most powerful attack will actually be?

End of b3c6.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C7: Buried with the dead (2)

Qin Yu’s eyes are cold and radiating killing intent. He stares at the 3 people in front of him.

Lian Yan’s death has filled his heart with bitterness and unwillingness. And now the 3 people people in front of him have obviously become the targets for him to give vent to his feelings on. Moreover, these 3 people are also on the same side as Yi Qing Yu, the murderer of his Grandpa Lian.

“Phew, he’s merely a brat. Just now Shorty was too careless. Don’t be scared by him.” Yi Feng suddenly tosses his head then stares firmly at Qin Yu like a viper. “Thinny, Ugly, the 3 of us must charge together and kill this brat directly.”

Hearing Yi Feng’s order, his 2 subordinates also coldly nod at once. Just now they were shocked by the fact that Qin Yu had killed their comrade with 1 blow. Now, only by joining forces can they have enough courage. Yi Feng and his 2 comrades all stare firmly at Qin Yu. The Xiantian energy in their entire bodies starts to be activated.

The auras of the 3 of them all expand and engulf Qin Yu, who at the moment is like a turtle trapped in a jar.

Thud! Thud!

The black iron arm guards and leg guards have been taken off and tossed casually to one side. As they fall on the courtyard they produce heavy sounds. The faces of Yi Feng and the other 2 changes color. Just now Qin Yu’s speed was already so fast, yet he was even carrying weights.

“Grandpa Lian, please wait for a while. After killing them all, Xiao Yu will take you home,” says Qin Yu sadly.

Qin Yu’s mind cannot help remembering the occasions when he was with Lian Yan from his childhood to his adulthood. When he was a little child, he stayed by Lian Yan’s side all day long, asking Lian Yan to tell him stories. Time after time Qin Yu entered his dreamland while listening to Lian Yan’s stories.

“Once upon a time, there was a gifted scholar. He studied very hard for 10 years ...”

Every time Lian Yan told a story, he always started with “once upon a time, there was a ...” Even with his eyes closed, Qin Yu can still remember the scenes of Lian Yan telling stories beside his bed until he fell asleep. Those scenes are so warm and sweet, but from today onwards, he will never see that kind Grandpa Lian again.

Qin Yu’s eyes cannot help becoming somewhat moist.

“Phew!”

With a shake of his body, Qin Yu disappears without any sounds of wind.

“Ah!”

Qin Yu clenches his teeth and smashes a punch on Thinny’s stomach with all his power. Currently Qin Yu can lift 2000 to 3000 jin with one arm but this punch thrown by him carries a force equal to the weight of over 10,000 jin, which is a terrifyingly strong offensive force. “Bang!” Thinny’s stomach gets a violent shake but unexpectedly does not burst. However, his eyes protrude and blood starts to flow out from his ears, eyes, mouth and nostrils. In fact, his internal organs have been completely pulverized by the impact force of this 10,000-jin punch from Qin Yu.

Under the attack of a near 10,000-jin impact force, not even Thinny’s Xiantian energy could resist.

With a punch, a middle-phase Xiantian expert has been killed.

Qin Yu’s mind, however, cannot help remembering those warm, sweet and familiar scenes one after another. From now on, he will never forget them in his lifetime.

“‘Grandpa Lian, hurry up and open the door. I’m Xiao Yu. I have something to talk to you about. Quickly open the door,’ shouts Qin Yu hurriedly. After a short while, there is lamplight in the room. ‘Xiao Yu, your grandpa fell into sleep just a moment ago, but you already woke him up,’ says a benign voice. Then the door opens.

A kind old man in his sixties wrapped in a coat appears before Qin Yu.”

That night, his Grandpa Lian talked to him carefully about the difference between internal practice and external practice, and between Houtian experts, Xiantian experts and Shangxian. That night, Grandpa Lian’s kind words revealed to Qin Yu the world of practice.

A hint of a smile appears on Qin Yu’s face. He looks as if he has travelled back to that night in the cabin wherein there is kind Grandpa Lian.

“Be careful, Ugly!”

Yi Feng shouts loudly. A cold shaft of light shoots at Qin Yu directly from his hand. Qin Yu simply does not avoid it. He throws a punch and, with a metallic clash, that embroidery needle is shattered. Then his body arrives at Ugly’s side like a gust of wind.

“Die.”

Ugly fiercely slashes his knife at Qin Yu.

“Ah!” Ugly suddenly utters a miserable cry. Just now Qin Yu executed a straight kick, whose terrifying force snapped Ugly’s knee violently. He then formed a claw with a hand and grabbed a vital point of Ugly’s backbone directly. The force of his fingers went through the Flaming Glove and affected that vital point squarely.

Ugly, with a miserable shrill cry, falls on the ground powerlessly. His entire body convulses nonstop and many streams of blood ooze out of his mouth.

The scenes of the times Qin Yu was with Lian Yan from his childhood to his adulthood keep flashing through his mind one after another. He cannot help giving a smile which looks like that of a child meeting an elderly close relative. It is a smile from the bottom of his heart.

Qin Yu raises his head and looks at Yi Feng with that smile: “You’re the only one left.”

Seeing Qin Yu’s heartfelt smile, Yi Feng, however, gets a chill down his spine. In mere moments, 2 middle-phase Xiantian experts have been killed with such ease, but Yi Feng himself is no more than a middle-phase Xiantian expert as well. Therefore, Yi Feng’s reaction is --

To run!

Before long, the mental image in Qin Yu’s mind suddenly changes. He now remembers that scene a short while ago in which, from the black of the black eagle, he saw the 10 terrifying holes on Lian Yan’s chest. His face immediately changes color. He then stares at Yi Feng before him.

With a movement of his body, Qin Yu creates several afterimages.

“Die! Don’t chase me! Die!” shrieks Yi Feng in terror. At the same time he shoots one embroidery needle after another at Qin Yu.

Looking at the cold-light-radiating embroidery needles which are coming at him, Qin Yu’s eyes suddenly glitter with coldness, as if he is seeing how his grandpa Lian Yan was pierced so many holes in the body by needles.

“Ah ~~~”

A hoarse yowl rises. Yi Feng, however, instantly quivers because he can feel clearly that the yowl is approaching him extremely fast. Even if he activates more Xiantian energy in his body, his will still be far slower than the person who is chasing to kill him.

Because Yi Feng cannot run, he ferociously utters a piercing cry then suddenly turns around and thrusts the embroidery needles in his hands at Qin Yu.

Bang! Bang! Bang! ......

The needles are shattered!

The arms are smashed!

There are also those two eyes which are wide opened with disbelief!

......

A continuous series of bams can be heard along with Yi Feng’s miserable cry.

After destroying the embroidery needles, Qin Yu’s fists smashed Yi Feng’s 2 arms. Qin Yu then slightly opens his right hand, forms a spear hand, and hits Yi Feng directly in the midpoint between the eyebrows. The powerful penetrating force goes inside the head immediately.

He then withdraws the hands, turns around and goes to Lian Yan without looking at Yi Feng.

“Thud!” Yi Feng falls down with a loud sound. Various streams of blood slowly come out from his mouth and nose. He is already dead.

In mere moments, 4 middle-phase Xiantian experts have been annihilated by Qin Yu.

Since he started to practice the 1st Trans-Heaven diagram Qin Yu has improved a lot in power, but even with his middle-grade holy weapons, he is only equal to Zhen Xu at most. Because there were 4 middle-phase Xiantian-level opponents, theoretically he should not have won so easily.

However, Qin Yu’s strongest point is ... fighting multiple opponents. He is simply unafraid of being outnumbered by the enemies. Even though there were 4 opponents, thanks to Qin Yu’s body maneuvering skill, every time he really attacked, he faced only 1 of them.

“Grandpa Lian, I’m taking you home now.” Qin Yu goes to Lian Yan’s side and says tenderly. The way he talks is just like how he usually talked to Lian Yan. It looks as if he still thinks that Lian Yan is alive.

End of b3c7.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C8: One man, alone (1)

At this moment, hurried footsteps suddenly rise outside the courtyard. Along with wind sounds, a blue-clad old man leads a group of people into the courtyard. As this blue-clad old man looks at the scene in the courtyard, his face changes color. Qin Yu slightly raises his head and gives this blue-clad old man a cold look. Seeing Qin Yu’s face, the blue-clad old man instantly kneels and says: “Third Prince, your subordinate has come late.”

“Come late?” Qin Yu repeats in a low voice, but his heart is full of indignation.

If they had come a bit earlier, perhaps his Grandpa Lian would not have died. However, the fact that they are late cannot be changed. Moreover, Qin Yu has seen this blue-clad old man beside his father before so he knows this old man is one of his father’s trusted subordinates.

“All of you take everything here back to the princely mansion. As for Grandpa Lian, I’m taking him back myself.” Qin Yu says coldly without any emotion.

After putting on the black iron arm guards and leg guards, he embraces Lian Yan to his bosom. Following a long whistle by him, the black eagle dives down like a black beam of light. With a shake of his body, Qin Yu gets on the eagle’s back.

“Xiao Hei, let’s return to the mansion,” says Qin Yu softly.

The black eagle seems to feel that Qin Yu is sorrowful and not playful as usual so, with a shake of the wings, it rushes to Yan City with its fastest speed.

After watching Qin Yu disappear together with the black eagle on the horizon, the blue-clad old man slightly frowns then orders his subordinates: “Quickly lift the saber-toothed tiger up and hurry it to the princely mansion immediately.” The blue-clad old man however gets the 2nd Trans-Heaven diagram himself.

“Lian Yan is already dead but Yi Qing Yu is also dead so it’s not too bad. But His Highness has a deep affection for Lian Yan ...” The blue-clad old man frowns deeply. He obviously feels that things are not too encouraging.

......

In the princely mansion in Yan City,

Qin De and Xu Yuan are sitting facing each other under an old tree, quietly playing the game of Go.

“Your Highness, you’ve lost.” Xu Yuan lightly puts a chess piece down and says smilingly.

Qin De looks for a long time then shakes his head and says with a smile: “Xu Yuan, your chess skill has become more and more profound. Even I am no match for you.” Xu Yuan looks at Qin De then says with a shake of his head: “It’s not that my chess skill has improved but that today Your Highness can’t calm your mind down.”

Qin De says with a sigh: “That’s right. Today my heart is beating very fast and can’t calm down. I’ve been worried by the matter Uncle Lian handles this time. In theory, with Uncle Lian’s current power in addition to 2 late-phase Xiantian experts, he should have no problem resolving this matter.”

“Don’t worry, Your Highness. Senior Lian is extremely powerful. There’s no one on Xiang Guang’s side who can harm him,” says Xu Yuan with a smile.

Suddenly, Qin De stands up and looks up into the sky.

A black eagles dives down, heading for Qin De’s place extremely fast. Qin Yu is sitting with legs crossed on the back of the black eagle. Qin De immediately bursts out laughing. He has been waiting for Qin Yu’s return. Qin Yu left him so much In-rock Flaming iron, which is really a huge treasure to him, so he naturally wants to reward Qin Yu.

However ... Qin De’s smiling expression freezes because he sees the person Qin Yu is carrying in his bosom.

“Thud!” Qin Yu jumps down on the ground directly from the back of the black eagle.

Carrying Lian Yan, Qin Yu stands still and looks Qin De in the eye. As Qin De looks at Lian Yan in Qin Yu’s bosom, his face goes pale instantly. He tries to control himself to come to Lian Yan step by step. Lian Yan’s pale smiling face then comes into his sight.

“Father, Grandpa Lian is already dead.” Qin Yu’s calm voice has a note of extreme sorrow.

“How is this possible? Uncle Lian got a holy weapon, didn’t he?” Qin De’s eyes become moist in an instant. After a while, Qin De suddenly asks Qin Yu: “Yu’er, I ask you, there was a man called Yi Qing Yu on Xiang Guang’s side, right?”

Qin Yu says with a shake of his head: “I don’t know. I don’t know those people’s identities.”

Qin De looks at the holes on Lian Yan’s chest successively and says with a sigh: “These are embroidery needle wounds. The only person on Xiang Guang’s side who can use embroidery needles and injure Uncle Lian with them is Yi Qing Yu. Uncle Lian has finally been liberated.”

Qin De has experienced a lot of things in his life so naturally he can understand Lian Yan’s feelings.

“The murderer of Grandpa Lian was already killed by him with a knife slash,” says Qin Yu directly. When flying on the back of the black eagle he was attracted by the aura of the great fight between the 2 of them, and he came down just in time to see Lian Yan kill his opponent then turn his face skyward and give a long laugh.

Qin De takes a deep breath and slightly nods: “Uncle Lian has been freed. Yu’er, you don’t have to be too grieved. Instead, you should feel happy for your Grandpa Lian.”

Qin Yu, however, does not say anything and only looks at Lian Yan in his bosom. After a while, servants of the princely mansion come and take Lian Yan’s body. Qin Yu watches them carry Lian Yan’s body away but he remains silent for a long time. Afterwards he says indifferently: “Father, I’m not in a good mood. I’ll take a break first. Don’t let anyone disturb me.”

As he finishes saying, he turns around and goes directly toward the courtyard house which belongs exclusively to him.

In the courtyard house,

Qin Yu sits quietly on a stone bench and looks at the willow in front of him. As the willow’s branches flutter, Qin Yu seems to see the scene of him larking about with Lian Yan here in his childhood.

Whizz!

With a movement of his body, Qin Yu unexpectedly starts to dance about in the courtyard. He is totally using the 36 movements of the pictures on the 1st Trans-Heaven diagram. He simply does not think about anything and just performs those movements extremely fast nonstop.

The 36 arm-sized streams of holy energy twine around each other and form a circle around him, which looks like a suit of armor covering Qin Yu. Then these holy energy streams permeate into his body.

Qin Yu is weeping silently.

His speed becomes faster and faster. He is basically giving vent to his feelings rather than practicing so naturally his movements become faster with time. Qin Yu performs the 36 movements increasingly faster. Eventually his entire body seems to turn into a gust of wind flashing about in the courtyard house.

The holy energy around Qin Yu becomes more and more vigorous. The faster he moves, the more vigorous the holy energy becomes. Finally, when Qin Yu starts to waft around like a clear wind, the 36 holy energy streams unexpectedly start to radiate a dull silvery light. When the energy streams which contain the silvery light fuses with Qin Yu’s body, the muscles of his entire body suddenly quiver.

“Ah ~~~”

Feeling a stabbing pain inside his body, Qin Yu stops abruptly. His facial muscles tremble and tears stream down from his eyes. Without any restraint, he turns his face skyward and gives a long roar. Nobody can know if he is roaring because of the tearing pain inside or because of his heartache. Qin Yu keeps roaring like this. Only when he has no breath left does he stop. Then he gasps for breath loudly.

“Yu’er ...” Qin De’s voice rises outside.

Qin Yu takes a deep breath, tries to calm down and says: “Father, give me some time to calm down. During this time don’t let anyone disturb me. Just give me some time, all right?” The outside of the courtyard house falls silent for a long time then the footsteps of someone slowly leaving can be heard.

End of b3c8.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C9: One man, alone (2)

Qin Yu is sitting stock-still at the stone table in the courtyard house.

He has been sitting like this for a whole day and night. During this time he has smiled and sorrowed alternately. However, at the moment, Qin Yu suddenly gives a faint smile which, like a breeze, blows away all his grief and sorrow. He slowly stands up and looks up at the sky.

“He’s already dead. It’s pointless to keep grieving. Grandpa Lian, you must be watching from the sky, I definitely won’t disappoint you.” Qin Yu thinks to himself calmly. Then he smiles as he hears a ‘gu-gu’ rumbling. “I forgot I haven’t eaten for a day and night. My stomach is pretty hungry.”

As he finishes saying, he immediately tells servants to bring him some food.

......

Qin De is staring at the military map on the wall inside his room.

“Your Highness, Xiao Yu just told servants to bring him some food. Judging by Third Prince’s tone and expression, he should have almost recovered.” Xu Yuan comes to Qin De’s side and says smilingly.

“Oh?” Qin De relaxes his deeply furrowed brows. A smiling expression appears on his face. “Yu’er is tough-minded. He won’t immerse himself in grief like a worthless person.” Hearing this news, Qin De also feels like a rock has been taken off his mind.

“All right, now we don’t have to be worried about Yu’er. Xu Yuan, you see, here, if we send 30,000 Fierce Tiger troops to here ...” Qin De immediately starts to discuss with Xu Yuan.

......

As Qin Yu eats his sumptuous precious meal, his mind thinks about other matters.

“I’ll definitely take part in father’s great undertaking. In the past he turned me down for the reason that I wasn’t a Xiantian expert. Now I’ve become a Xiantian expert and, moreover, I’m even the unprecedented Xiantian external expert. If father knows about this ...” Qin Yu’s eyes flash.

He has been trying hard for so many years only to wait for his father’s approval.

Being a Xiantian external expert should be enough for Qin Yu to astonish his father and be praised by him, should it not?

“Right, when I just returned to the courtyard house that day, it seemed while executing the 1st Trans-Heaven diagram’s 36 movements, when I reached an extremely high speed the holy energy streams unexpectedly radiated a silvery light. That silvery light was even acutely painful.” Qin Yu remembers that scene.

Even though Qin Yu noticed this occurrence at that time, he has been too immersed in his sorrow over Lian Yan’s death to consider it carefully.

“Moreover, it seemed that during practice, the faster my speed was, the more vigorous the holy energy I absorbed was. Well, let’s try again and see!” Qin Yu immediately makes a decision. He quickly finishes his meal and casts the chopsticks aside. Then his body starts to flash around in the courtyard house like a gust of clear wind.

Speed!

As Qin Yu executes those movements faster and faster, the 36 holy energy streams intertwine with each other and become a suit of armor engulfing Qin Yu. As his speed increases, those energy streams become more and more concentrated and materialized.

Eventually, some points of a silvery light are produced. There are very few of them and they are scattered in the energy streams.

“It’s this speed!”

Qin Yu’s eyes brighten. He stops increasing his speed at once. He feels clearly that, when the holy energy which contains those silvery points of light fuses with his body, it causes his flesh and even his cells to transform hurriedly. His cells start to be torn apart, but they are then restored once again.

A sharp pain coming from the depths of his cells makes Qin Yu’s face go pale uncontrollably.

Luckily Qin Yu did not increase his speed again. The current level of the silvery light is very good because it causes such a pain in only a few places, which Qin Yu can still endure. If there were too much of the silvery light, his entire body would suffer from such a pain. Perhaps not even Qin Yu would be able to survive that kind of agony.

Qin Yu’s whole body continuously absorbs one silvery light point after another. He discovers that those silvery light points seem to be a kind of energy which is much more refined than holy energy. As the training and transformation of his body progress at a noticeable rate, the energy streams replenish themselves with holy energy and fuse with Qin Yu’s body nonstop.

“Very good, this Trans-Heaven diagram really isn’t simple. How can it possibly absorb just a little holy energy? But what secrets do the 2nd and the 3rd Trans-Heaven diagrams have, I wonder?” Qin Yu thinks to himself. However, the speed of his movements is slightly increased again.

Instantly, the number of light points floating and twinkling in the energy streams goes up. The pain in Qin Yu’s body also intensifies. He slightly frowns, but there is a hint of a smile on his face.

Time goes by. After 2 days, by now those silvery light points seem to have flowed through Qin Yu’s entire body. When the silvery light goes through the places it has gone through before, he only feels a slightly tingling sensation rather than pain. However, his muscles are also no longer improved as fast as in the beginning.

After practicing for only 2 days, the power of Qin Yu’s muscles has definitely increased by over 100%.

“Speed, let’s increase it again!” Qin Yu continues to exercise. He has been exercising nonstop for 2 whole days but he does not feel hungry at all because absorbing so much holy energy like this has been sufficiently making up for his bodily energy consumption. Following Qin Yu’s acceleration, the energy streams’ silvery light increases once again.

Hu hu ~~

After an energy stream which contains the silvery light goes through his skin, it will move quickly from one muscle to another until it is completely absorbed.

However, is it true that the faster he moves, the more that special silvery light is generated?

“What’s going on? My current speed is faster than before, why is there less of the silvery light instead?” Qin Yu has finally discovered this problem. His current speed is simply not his limit. One should know that at this moment he is still carrying weights.

“All right, let’s keep this speed.” Qin Yu no longer accelerates. He continuously performs the movements at the optimum speed.

Following Qin Yu’s movements, the 36 energy streams which contain the silvery light continuously permeate into his body, causing many bursts of a wonderfully numbing sensation. The muscle power of his entire body is also improved little by little. When Qin Yu is immersing himself in this kind of wonderful feeling --

“Xiao Yu, it’s been 3 whole days. Why haven’t you eaten anything?” Xu Yuan’s voice rises outside the courtyard house.

As soon as Qin Yu hears that, his attention cannot help getting distracted and his movements’ speed naturally decreases. However, the moment he slows down, the silvery light in the 36 energy streams engulfing him suddenly intensifies greatly. Its density even increases by 100%.

“Uncle Xu ...” When Qin Yu has just said this much, he discovers that the numbing sensation inside his body has heightened greatly and also discovers the shocking change just now.

“What’s going on? Just now wasn’t I using the optimum speed? How did the silvery light increase so much the moment I slowed down?” Qin Yu’s eyes suddenly brighten like a torch in the night. His heart suddenly has a surge of excitement.

Apparently the movements of those 36 pictures are not so simple at all.

“Xiao Yu.” Xu Yuan’s voice rises again. Qin Yu hurriedly says: “Uncle Xu, I’m focusing on practice. Please don’t worry. I still have some food and water in here. Uncle Xu, I’m not leaving this courtyard house. Please don’t let anyone disturb me. I must focus on practice ... I’m doing closed-door training now!”

Regarding closed-door training, to avoid being disturbed, generally experts will prepare some food and water, but they will find a secluded place before starting to focus on training.

“Closed-door training?” Xu Yuan is somewhat stupefied. However, he is not an ordinary man so he says smilingly: “All right, Xiao Yu. I’ll order the servants to prepare some food and water for you. Don’t worry about training here. No one will disturb you.”

“Thank you, Uncle Xu.” After saying, Qin Yu waits for the servants to bring him food and water. Then he starts to undergo closed-door training alone to research carefully into the secret of the 1st Trans-Heaven diagram’s 36 pictures.

End of b3c9.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C10: Explode (1)

In Qin Yu’s courtyard house, there is absolutely no one around to disturb him. Qin Yu’s entire body has turned into several illusions which are moving nonstop in the courtyard house.

“Strange, I have slowed down, why hasn’t the density increased? But just now ...” Qin Yu frowns deeply. At the moment he is performing the movements of the 36 pictures at a slower speed than before but the 36 energy streams engulfing him do not even have any silvery light.

However, it is very clear to him that just now when he heard Xu Yuan’s voice and started to slow down, the density of those holy energy streams suddenly increased and those silvery light points fused directly with his body like flowing sand in that moment.

“Could it be?” Qin Yu suddenly thinks of one possibility.

He increases the speed of his movements at once. Various silvery light points once again appear in the 36 intertwined energy streams and continuously fuse with Qin Yu’s body. This is the speed Qin Yu originally thought to be the optimum speed. Suddenly ... he slows down.

The wind rises and the holy energy in his vicinity vibrates for a short while. The density of the silvery light in the 36 energy streams surrounding Qin Yu suddenly increases.

Qin Yu’s eyes pop out of his head. This concentrated silvery light is fusing with his body like concentrated silvery sand. One after another, these silvery light points are fusing with the flesh, bones and channels of his entire body. An extremely numbing sensation spreads throughout his body.

“Amazing!” Qin Yu cannot help uttering a loud shout.

This kind of sentation is really giving Qin Yu an unprecedented intense pleasure. It is 10,000 times more enjoyable than getting massaged. However, in just a while, the density of the silvery light points suddenly drops to the extent that it is even lower than when Qin Yu started to exercise at that normal speed.

“What’s going on?” Qin Yu finally stops. His mind is completely puzzled.

“Judging from what has happened today, it seems being fast all the time is useless, and being slow all the time is even worse. But when I moved fast from the beginning then suddenly slowed down at the 16th movement, the result was extremely good ...” Qin Yu ponders.

“Could it be ...” Qin Yu’s eyes brighten. “Could it be I must adjust my speed properly while executing these movements so that I’m fast when it should be fast and slow when it should be slow? Is combining swiftness with slowness the most suitable way?”

As soon as Qin Yu comes up with this idea, he starts to try it at once.

First, he performs the movements at a constant fast speed. Then upon reaching a certain movement he suddenly accelerates or decelerates. Using this method, he can determine whether a certain movement should be executed fast or slowly. However, as Qin Yu researches more into these movements, he starts to find this troublesome because ...

Take the 16th movement, for example. He should slow down at this movement, but to what extent must he slow down? How much must he slow down at this movement in the end? And it is the same with when he must speed up. Moreover, successive movements must harmozine with each other and the transition from one to another must be smooth.

For example, when he changes from the 3rd movement, in which his right hand is in a low position, to the 4th movement, in which the right hand is in a high position, even the path travelled by his hand must be researched carefully. Different paths will produce different results.

In short, to figure out the perfect technique based on only these 36 mysterious pictures is after all truly a screaming problem.

Every time Qin Yu researches into the movements, he experiences them with a completely calm and collected mind. Time goes by. Only after a whole month can Qin Yu finally almost figure out the right practice method of this technique. A brand new Trans-Heaven-diagrams-based technique appears.

A month later,

Qin Yu’s body is wafting about in the courtyard house like a breeze.

When he moves fast, he appears to be slow.

But when he moves slowly, his entire body creates various afterimages.

Strange, this is extremely strange.

The strangest thing is that there is a silvery suit of armor enfolding Qin Yu. No, it is not a silvery suit of armor. Rather, it is an armor-like mass of energy formed by the 36 pure silvery energy streams intertwining with each other around Qin Yu’s body. These 36 silvery energy streams are continuously permeating into Qin Yu’s body. At the same time, they are absorbing the world’s holy energy to replenish themselves.

“Hah, amazing!” Qin Yu suddenly stops. His entire body shakes for a short while. The 36 silvery energy streams also vanish away.

In the beginning, the silvery light points were sparse, but now any energy stream is made up almost entirely of the silvery light points. For the last month, Qin Yu’s body has been transforming quickly with each passing day. Both his strength and speed have increased by several times.

Qin Yu slightly closes his eyes.

The 36 pictures have formed a perfect set of movements. And Qin Yu is executing one movement after another in his mind, sometimes fast, sometimes slowly. The 1st technique of the Trans-Heaven digrams has finally been figured out by Qin Yu.

Qin Yu’s eyes suddenly open wide, glittering dazzlingly.

“I wonder what secrets the 2nd and 3rd Trans-Heaven diagrams have.” He starts to look forward to the other diagrams. He fully enjoyed this wonderful feeling of nonstop improvement in his body. Therefore, he naturally has high expectations for the other 2 diagrams.

“I remember ...” Qin Yu suddenly recalls that, in the courtyard where Lian Yan was killed, when he was beside Lian Yan’s body, his holy sense swept around and discovered the aura of another Trans-Heaven diagram. However, Qin Yu was too immersed in mourning at that time to take notice of this.

“After getting that Trans-Heaven diagram, father must’ve put it in the Secret Treasury.” Qin Yu immediately beams because he is eligible to enter the Secret Treasury. Even if he wants to take out a treasure, he will only need to let Qin De know about it.

Qin Yu takes out from his bosom the 1st Trans-Heaven diagram and says smilingly: “This first Trans-Heaven diagram is no longer very useful to me. Let’s quietly put it in the Secret Treasury.”

Qin Yu does not want to let his father know that he is assassin Liu Xing so, even though Qin De may not know that assassin Liu Xing took the 1st Trans-Heaven diagram, he will have to quietly conceal it in an unobtrusive place in the Secret Treasury just in case.

For an entire month, Qin Yu has been training without eating anything.

Now thinking about this, Qin Yu is extremely astonished because, to his knowledge, to reach the level where food and drink are no longer needed, at least a practitioner must be able to absorb holy energy at a shocking speed. Thanks to the Meteoric Tear, Qin Yu can already absorb holy energy extremely fast. In addition to that, he has been practicing the secret technique of the 1st Trans-Heaven diagram, so currently the holy energy he absorbs even turns into silvery light points.

“It’s good to progress so fast in practice. It doesn’t matter if the cause of this is the mysterious Meteoric Tear or the Trans-Heaven diagram’s secret technique, its principle isn’t something I can guess,” says Qin Yu with a smile.

Then Qin Yu leaves the courtyard house at once and hurriedly heads for Qin De’s place. At least it will not be late for him to enter the Secret Treasury after greeting Qin De first.

“Third Prince,” say the 2 guards of Qin De’s place after getting down on one knee.

“Please tell father that I want to see him,” says Qin Yu immediately.

A guard says: “Third Prince, His Highness has been undergoing closed-door training for a half month and still hasn’t come out. His Highness has given the order not to let anyone disturb him during this closed-door training session.” Hearing this, Qin Yu cannot help being stupefied by the fact that even his father is undergoing closed-door training.

“Alright, then you two keep guarding.” Qin Yu gives a smile then turns around and goes to the Secret Treasury. There will not be any serious problems even if he does not tell Qin De about this.

There are obviously many guards in the corridor outside the Secret Treasury. However, seeing Qin Yu, they do not obstruct him in the slightest. Qin Yu thus goes into the most distant attic. After entering a side room in the attic, he activates a device.

With a clack noise, a stone door appears on the wall of the side room – this is the stone door leading to the Secret Treasury. Qin Yu goes into the Treasury instantly. The stone door then moves and shuts again.

End of b3c10.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C11: Explode (2)

The Secret Treasury is secret room which is not very large. On each side of the room there is a counter made of old agarwood. Various treasures have been put carefully on the surfaces of the counters. In the center of the secret room there are a bamboo chair and a natural tea table.

At the front of the room where the floor meets the wall, there is a lighted antique incense burner. A dull-colored smoke is spreading out from the incense burner, giving the whole secret room an atmosphere of Zen.

“Let’s conceal the 1st Trans-Heaven diagram in the crack between the left counter and the wall.” Qin Yu goes to a corner of the room then takes out the precious 1st Trans-Heaven diagram from his bosom and tucks it directly into the crack at this corner.

Qin Yu stands up and nods in satisfaction: “Well, so many years will have already passed until father discovers this Trans-Heaven diagram. He won’t suspect me.” He definitely does not want to let his father know the identity of assassin Liu Xing because in his view it is absolutely not something worth showing off.

After concealing the 1st Trans-Heaven diagram, Qin Yu takes a glance at the treasures on the old-wood counter. He immediately discovers a jade case among them.

“I feel that it’s what I want to find!” Qin Yu opens the lid of the jade case box with a smile. There is only a square jade block appearing before him. The square jade block is engulfed in a soft multicolored light. Judging by appearance alone, there seems to be no difference between it and the 1st block.

Qin Yu takes hold of this Trans-Heaven diagram. There are several words on its surface -- Second Trans-Heaven Diagram.

“It’s the 2nd diagram!” Qin Yu is elated. According to his understanding, the 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams are definitely related to each other. Because he has practiced the 1st diagram’s technique, it is best for him to obtain the 2nd diagram next. If this was the 3rd diagram, perhaps Qin Yu would not be able to practice its technique.

As he looks at the 2nd Trans-Heaven diagram, his eyes suddenly brighten. He focuses his entire attention on the diagram.

There are 36 pictures.

“Indeed, almost as I expected, there are 36 pictures, only that these pictures are different from those of the 1st diagram.” Thanks to undergoing previous transformations, Qin Yu’s soul has been enhanced a lot and he has even acquired the holy sense.

As soon as his holy sense sweeps across the diagram, he sees everything and easily memorizes everything.

Qin Yu desires these 36 pictures the most. As for the other secrets, he has never thought much about them. Moreover, even if he thought more about them, he would not necessarily obtain them. So far, Qin Yu has always thought that the mysterious technique of the legendary super expert in the War of Immortals is definitely not the pictures on the diagrams’ surfaces.

Anyone with some brains will think so too. If the secret was so simple, in so many years, perhaps it would have already been figured out by someone.

The most important thing is ... can body training alone make him as formidable as the legendary mysterious man?

Using his holy sense, Qin Yu examines the 2nd Trans-Heaven diagram carefully but finds no other secrets as before. He can only put it back with a smile: “Qin Yu, you’re a big fool. In the past so many Xiuzhenists were able to collect the 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams but they couldn’t find out any secrets. What can your puny holy sense possibly discover?”

Having obtained the 36 pictures of the 2nd Trans-Heaven diagram Qin Yu is already completely satisfied.

“Ha-ha, I haven’t checked out the other treasures in the Secret Treasury yet.” Qin Yu gives a smile then activates his holy sense and covers the entire Secret Treasury with it. The range of his holy sense is several hundred meters so covering this small secret room is no problem to him.

“Such a big cat’s-eye gem is really attractive. That horsetail whisk seems ordinary ...” Qin Yu playfully evaluates. All of a sudden, Qin Yu’s smiling expression freezes.

“Impossible, impossible ...” Qin Yu’s holy sense has just discovered a secret and he cannot help getting dumbstruck by it.

He stretches out his hands mechanically and gets the jade case of the 2nd Trans-Heaven diagram again. Then ... he slightly presses a small device on the side of the jade case. After a series of clack noises, Qin Yu unexpectedly opens another layer of the jade case with ease.

This jade case unexpectedly has 2 layers. Originally Qin Yu only thought that its bottom was rather thick, but it actually has 2 layers. Moreover, incredibily ... there is a square jade block in the 2nd layer. That soft multicolored light and that clear writing tell Qin Yu that this square jade block is ...

The 3rd Trans-Heaven diagram!!!

“Goodness, how can I possibly be so lucky? This ...” At this moment Qin Yu becomes totally excited because he has unexpectedly obtained all the 3 legendary Trans-Heaven diagrams. Of course, he still has no way to solve their mystery. He gets excited only because of those 36 mysterious pictures.

Qin Yu heaves a sigh then thinks emotionally: “What good luck! If I hadn’t used my holy sense to check, I still wouldn’t know there is even a Trans-Heaven diagram in the bottom of this jade case.” The 3rd Trans-Heaven diagram is very similar to the 2 previous diagrams and also has 36 pictures.

Qin Yu immediately starts to learn these pictures by heart.

He does not know at all that, after Qin Shi Huang obtained the 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams in the past, even though he could not figure out their secret, he also learned the movements of the pictures like Qin Yu. However, Qin Shi Huang then only found these movements totally useless and naturally abandoned them.

After the destruction of the Qin dynasty, the 1st and 2nd diagrams got lost in the turmoil of war. The only Trans-Heaven diagram left was the 3rd one, which has always been concealed by the Qin clan for the last 1000 years. When Qin De obtained the 2nd Trans-Heaven diagram, he naturally put it in the same place as the 3rd diagram.

......

3 days later,

In his own courtyard house, Qin Yu is carefully experiencing the movements of the 36 pictures on the 2nd Trans-Heaven diagram. Sometimes his movements are fast and sometimes they are slow. When he is fast, he is much faster than even the fastest movement of the 1st diagram. And when he is slow, he is slower than the 1st diagram’s slowest movement.

However, even when Qin Yu moves slowly, his entire body still creates several illusions, which is very strange.

Other people do not know, but Qin Yu himself knows the cause of this. When practicing this mysterious body-training technique, which for the moment Qin Yu calls the Trans-Heaven Mysterious Art, everything within a 2 to 3 m radius of him will be affected, including the air. Only because the air around his body is distorted can the illusions appear.

Qin Yu’s entire body is being encircled by 36 energy streams as before, only that the color of these energy streams has changed from silver to a mixture of silver and gold. Qin Yu has a feeling that when he completely masters the 36 movements of the 2nd Trans-Heaven diagram, the color of the 36 energy streams will probably become pure golden.

“Third Prince, His Highness has finished training and is waiting for you at Mingshan Pavilion.” The voice of a servant comes from the outside of the courtyard house.

As soon as Qin Yu hears that, he stops practicing: “Father has finished training.” He cleans himself up a little with a washcloth then slightly stretches his sluggish waist, causing his entire body to emit a series of clack noises. His vigorous muscle power is moving through his body like mercury.

Thanks to practicing this technique, Qin Yu’s body has been improving rapidly. His strength and speed both have reached a whole new level. If the current Qin Yu had to deal with Zhen Xu, perhaps he would be able to kill the opponent with ease. He moves his facial muscles a bit, smiles, and leaves the courtyard house at once, hurrying to Mingshan Pavilion.

******

Qin De, Xu Yuan, Qin Feng, Qin Zheng, Qin Yu, Manager Ge Min of the princely mansion, the blue-clad old man, the gray-clad old man and Xiuzhenist Fengyuzi, 9 people altogether, are the 9 most superior people on Qin De’s side. Fengyuzi has completely covered Mingshan Pavilion in a mysterious restrictive spell so their voices will not transfer to the outside.

Qin De’s and Fengyuzi’s expressions are very solemn at the moment. Seeing such an atmosphere, Qin Yu has a feeling that the matter in hand seems very serious.

End of b3c11.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C12: Explode (3)

Qin De takes a glance at everyone then says: “I have called everybody up so urgently because of a very serious matter. Not even I can say for sure if this matter is good or bad.” Qin De has a hint of a forced smile on his face, as does Fengyuzi beside him.

“Father, what is this matter actually that makes you like this?” asks Qin Zheng immediately. Qin Yu, Qin Feng and the other people also look at Qin De.

Qin De shakes his head and says powerlessly: “I’ve reached the peak of the Xiantian level for just over a year but during the most recent closed-door training session I suddenly had a hunch that ... my 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation will come in a half year.”

The 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation!

This is the 1st heavenly tribulation that anyone who wants to become a Xiuzhenist has to go through, which is commonly referred to as the Minor Heavenly Tribulation!

The other people are dumbfounded. Among the super experts who have reached the peak of the Xiantian level, some are afraid of the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, but some others want to undergo this heavenly tribulation to become Xiuzhenists instead. However, it is definitely not so easy to go through the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation.

After achieving the completion of the Xiantian level some people waited for several decades to 100 years without seeing any signs of the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, but some others were able to sense when it would arrive upon reaching the peak of the Xiantian level. This is only contigent on a person’s intuitive enlightenment on the Natural Way of Heaven. Who could have thought that Qin De, who has been practicing for just several decades, was actually more formidable than Lian Yan in martial arts and would even be able to sense the arrival of the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation?

But is this a good thing?

The probability that a practitioner will overcome the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, especially when using a practice technique of the Qian Long continent and without the help of a Xiuzhen school, is basically less than 10%. The Qin clan is going to declare war soon, but if Qin De fails to withstand the tribulation and dies, that plan will go to waste.

However, if he can overcome the tribulation, the Qin clan will have one more Xiuzhenist and its power will increase greatly. Too bad, the chance of success is too slim.

“How is this possible? Senior Lian didn’t encounter this 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation for so many years. Your Highness ...” Xu Yuan immediately loses his composure. He has been following Qin De for so many years. The 2 of them are a master and a subordinate but there is also the sentiment of brotherhood between them.

This is the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, no less! The chance of overcoming it is too small. Of a Xiuzhenist’s 3 heavenly tribulations, each is more abnormal than the previous.

“Father!” The 3 brothers Qin Yu, Qin Feng and Qin Zheng all look at Qin De anxiously. Because this is the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, there is a possibility that their father will die in a half year. Even though they love their father, they have to admit that this tribulation is too difficult to overcome.

“Yu’er, Feng’er, Zheng’er, each of you is already an adult, and Feng’er and Zheng’er are even 2 older brothers, why are you behaving like this? As a real man, if you can’t run away from the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, you’ll have to try to face it. If you succeed it will be a good thing. But even if you fail it will be no big deal.” Qin De’s mettlesome face looks very thrilled and unconcerned.

“Father, but this 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation ...” Qin Yu feels a pain in his heart. Because his Grandpa Lian died not long ago, if his father dies when going through the heavenly tribulation then ... Thinking about this, Qin Yu can even feel his heart trembling with fear.

“Yu’er, I know the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation is dangerous. Your grandpa also passed away while undergoing this tribulation. However, no one can run away from it. As a man, I must face it with courage. Even if I were to die, I would still have to try my best,” says Qin De resolutely.

Seeing the look in Qin De’s eyes, Qin Yu has no choice but to nod.

“Today I’ve called up everyone to make arrangements for the future. From now on, Zheng’er will be in charge of every single matter of the Qin clan, whether important or not. This also means that now I’m only responsible for giving directions at the back while Zheng’er is the decision-maker in any matter.” Qin De orders directly.

“Yes, father!” says Qin Zheng in an absolutely unemotional voice.

For the last several years, he has been supervising and deciding ordinary matters. What Qin De just said today has officially given him absolute authority.

Among Qin De’s 3 sons, his eldest Qin Feng is good at commanding soldiers and conducting military activities, his 2nd son Qin Zheng is adept at politics, but his 3rd son Qin Yu is very carefree. At least, Qin De has never restricted Qin Yu’s freedom. Qin Yu has always been able to do whatever he wants.

“Feng’er, you must try hard because, in our Qin clan’s army, your position will totally depend on your military merit.” Qin De says while staring at Qin Feng.

Qin Feng nods and says his agreement. He himself is a Xiantian expert, added to that he is good at commanding troops and conducting military operations so he is already in charge of a 100,000 strong army despite his young age. Even though this has something to do with his prince status, his personal capabilities are also a very important factor.

“Yu’er ...” Qin De looks at Qin Yu.

Actually, in his mind, Qin De feels that he owes his 3rd son the most, but he does not want to say too many sentimental words in this situation. Therefore, after staring at Qin Yu for a long time, he slowly says: “Yu’er, if you want to do something then do it. I won’t restrict your freedom. But I have one thing to tell you -- Remember, just do whatever you think is right. The Qin clan’s sons flinch from nothing, not even death!”

When Qin Yu hears this, he feels a boiling stream of blood surging in his heart.

“Yes, father!” says Qin Yu resolutely.

Qin De gives a smile. Fengyuzi beside him starts to say: “His Highness and I have already discussed this matter. When the tribulation arrives in a half year, everybody is to carry on as usual. His Highness and I, along with some Xiantian experts, are going to leave for a secret place to deal with the heavenly tribulation. As for his 3 sons, all of them must not follow us.”

“Right, I’ve already decided who are going to go with me. They are Manager Ge, some Xiantian experts and some other experts. Zheng’er, the 3 of you cannot follow me,” says Qin De emphatically. He accepts absolutely no objection.

When Qin De leaves to undergo the heavenly tribulation, who can say that Xiang Guang will know nothing about this? If Xiang Guang receives information about this, he will definitely send experts to sabotage Qin De’s plan. Even the Xiantian experts who are going to go with Qin De will be in danger so Qin De cannot take any chances on his sons.

Qin Zheng is the future East Vanquishing Prince and is in a position of great authority so he must not be put at risk.

Qin Feng is a marshal in the army so he cannot be used like an ordinary bodyguard expert either. If something bad happened to him, it would be terrible.

As for Qin Yu,

“Father, I’ll go with you!” Qin Yu says in a loud and clear voice. “I know there will be dangers. Big brother and 2nd brother have to carry out important duties so nothing is allowed to happen to them, but I’m not very useful in military matters. I can’t handle politics or military affairs...”

“You can’t!” Qin De suddenly says, cutting off Qin Yu.

“Why?” Qin Yu immediately stands up and says. “Why can’t I? Father, do you remember what you just said? Just do whatever you think is right. The Qin clan’s sons flinch from nothing, not even death! Now I want to follow you and I think this is the right thing to do. Death, I’m not afraid of it in the least. I just want to go with you!”

Qin Yu stares at Qin De. He simply does not concede.

“Yu’er, do you know how dangerous this will be? I don’t know how many Xiantian experts Xiang Guang has. I don’t care about that either. But ... they have 2 Shangxian, 2 of them, no less. Your Uncle Feng alone can only stop one of them so if they both come it will be extremely dangerous. Do you understand?” says Qin De continuously.

“Danger, how can I possibly fear danger?” Qin Yu gives an indifferent laugh. He simply does not accept Qin De’s rejection.

Qin De says with a shake of his head: “Yu’er, the people who are going to go this time are all experts, even Xiantian experts. You’re just an external practictioner, what’s the use of your going? You’ll be of no use to us. Worse still, when we are in danger, your presence would likely make it harder for us. So, you better forget that idea!”

“Xiantian?” Qin Yu laughs.

After becoming a Xiantian expert Qin Yu wanted to tell his father about this, but because of Lian Yan’s death, he was so grieved that he forgot to tell his father. Then he began to practice the technique of the Trans-Heaven diagrams and Qin De had a closed-door training session so naturally he has not had time to tell his father yet.

“Take this!” Qin Yu suddenly utters a loud shout. His body shoots at the blue-clad old man like a flash.

The blue-clad old man and the gray-clad old man are 2 super experts among Qin De’s subordinates and are on a par with Lian Yan. Ordinarily, they manage the matters concerning the Heavenly Net. The blue-clad old man is a peak Xiantian expert and has terrifyingly strong overall power. He is watching Qin Yu’s strike coming at him.

“Third Prince!” The blue-clad old man stretches out a hand smilingly.

“Humph!” Qin Yu utters a cold humph. The entire air in his vicinity starts to vibrate. He throws a punch with his right fist like rolling thunder. This is the first time Qin Yu has used his true power after practicing the 1st and 2nd Trans-Heaven diagrams. With his body undergoing transformations for such a long time, what power level has he actually reached?

The faces of all the people present change color.

The blue-clad old man knows that it is bad for him so he instantly channels his body’s Xiantian energy. The color of his right palm becomes golden.

The crash between a fist and a palm!

Bang!

A violent clash is heard. The blue-clad old man only feels that he is hit by a terrifyingly strong force. It is purely caused by physical power and has no Xiantian energy at all. That terrifying force of Qin Yu’s pure and fierce physical power goes through his palm into his arm.

The blue-clad old man cannot help retreating. Then, with a clack noise, the railings are smashed. The blue-clad old man can only stop when he finally bumps into Fengyuzi’s restrictive spell.

All the other people look at Qin Yu with only astonishment in their eyes.

Qin Yu stares at Qin De and says with an expressionless face: “Father, what do you think? Am I qualified to follow you? I’m a Xiantian expert. The 1st Xiantian external expert in the history of the Qian Long continent is also a Xiantian expert, right?” Qin Yu’s words shock the other people to the extent that they are dumbfounded.

Xiantian external expert!

Since antiquity, it has been a truism that external practice is difficult, painful, not worthwhile and hopeless and is capped by the peak of the Houtian level. However, from now on, the people present know that it is also possible to reach the Xiantian level through external practice!

“What power! If Third Prince uses a middle-grade holy weapon, I’m not sure I’ll be a match for him!” At the moment, the bones of the blue-clad old man’s right arm are still in great pain. Qin Yu’s current power is far superior to his power level when he fought Zhen Xu that day.

Thanks to practicing the Trans-Heaven Mysterious Art and undergoing the changes caused by the mysterious silvery and golden lights, compared to the Qin Yu of the battle against Zhen Xu, the current Qin Yu has experienced many more world-shattering transformations.

Qin De is looking at Qin Yu. No one can know how greatly shocked he is in his mind at the moment. The 3rd son before him is one who he has never had high expectations for and one who does external practice, the most painful and hopeless path in martial arts. However, at the age of 18, this son has reached such a terrifying level in power without his knowledge. Moreover, this son has become the unprecedented Xiantian external expert.

“Father.” Qin Yu says again. He is waiting for Qin De’s answer.

Qin De remains silent for a long time then says with a slow shake of his head: “You can’t!”

End of b3c12.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 13
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C13: Feelings

Having told his father the fact that he is a Xiantian expert, Qin Yu is very excited in his heart. He has been longing for his father’s approval and praise. And today, he has finally been able to let his father know that he is not a good-for-nothing!

“You can’t!”

As Qin Yu hears Qin De’s words, his body shakes once. His face immediately goes pale. He stares at Qin De with his eyes full of disbelief and indignation: “Why? Why can’t I ...” Qin Yu says continuously, as if he cannot accept Qin De’s answer.

He becomes misty-eyed. He has been trying hard to do limit training nonstop day and night since he was 8. He has never experienced the happiness of his contemporaries, has never been given parental loving care, and has even never had a friend of the same age.

Thanks to some luck and the fact that he has been working hard every day for 10 years, he has finally reached the current level in power.

Why has he been training hard without any complaint for the last 10 years?

Can the reason possibly be anything but to reach the Xiantian level so that he can help his father, make his father happy and do his father proud?

“Father, didn’t you just say reaching the Xiantian level is enough? Now I’ve surpassed ordinary Xiantian experts in power. I can even put up a real fight against any peak Xiantian expert. Why, why do you still refuse to let me go with you?” Qin Yu stares at his father. His eyes are filled with indignation and unwillingness.

Qin Yu’s indignant and unwilling look makes Qin De slightly tremble in his heart.

“Yu’er, calm down a bit.” Qin De coldly shouts.

Qin Yu takes a deep breath and says: “All right, I’ve calmed down. Tell me the reason, father. If you can’t convince me, I won’t give up no matter what.”

“All right.” Qin De says at once. “When I undergo the tribulation, I’ll have to choose a secret place. Your Uncle Feng is going to go with me as well. Of course the fact that I’m going to undergo the tribulation is top secret information, so there are only 2 possibilities. First, if Xiang Guang’s men can’t find out this information, no one will come to disturb me, which naturally will be a good thing. In this case, it’ll be pointless for you to go. Second, if Xiang Guang knows that I’m going to undergo the tribulation, his 2 Shangxian will come at me together. Yu’er, even though your power is not bad, you simply can’t imagine how powerful the Shangxian who have overcome the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation to become Xiuzhenists are!”

Qin De says with a sigh: “Even though it’s only the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, comparing ordinary peak Xiantian experts to Xiuzhenists is like comparing the ground to the sky. With merely a strike of their flying swords, Xiuzhenists can behead you easily. If you go, you’ll be of no use and only die for no reason!”

“Therefore ... in both cases, it’ll be useless for you to go. Even worse, you’ll probably die if you go.” Qin De stares at Qin Yu. “Yu’er, this is the reason why I don’t let you go with me!”

Having listened, Qin Yu remains silent.

However, despite being silent, he is giving off a chaotic aura. The stronger a person’s soul is, the more powerful his aura becomes. Qin Yu is giving off his aura unintentionally but, at the moment, the other people can still feel it. No one knows what he is thinking.

“Xiao Yu,” Qin Zheng and Qin Feng both look at their little brother.

“Father, do you still remember?” Qin Yu simply does not pay attention to his big brother and 2nd brother. He talks to himself. “Before I turned 6, you cared so much about me and often spent time with me. During that time I was very happy and carefree. In my mind, you were the most brilliant and capable person. However, when I turned 6, I was sent to Misty Villa.” Qin Yu lowers his head and says in a low voice. It seems he is talking to himself and Qin De at the same time.

Everyone quietens down.

“At Misty Villa, except for the servants and guards, there was only me, a 6 year old kid. There wasn’t anyone to play with me. I was lonely so whenever I watched sunrise or sunset I contemplated expectantly when you would visit me. After so many disappointments, you finally arrived, but you left so fast. And I continued to expect you ... but then I couldn’t wait anymore because you only visited Misty Villa once in 2 whole years.” Qin Yu continues to say slowly.

All of the people present picture the scene of a 6 or 7 year old kid watching sunrise or sunset waiting for his father’s arrival only to get disappointed time after time.

Qin De slightly moves his lips but says nothing. He cannot say anything! Among his 3 sons, he feels he owes his 3rd son the most. He has spent the least time with Qin Yu, has cared for Qin Yu the least and has even met Qin Yu the least number of times.

“I wondered why you didn’t visit me. Could I have been disobedient and annoyed you? Or was I too unpleasant? Even if I had done something wrong, couldn’t you just tell me about it since I could change? ... But I wasn’t stupid. Big brother was practicing martial arts while 2nd brother was learning something about political affairs and you often instructed them and visited them. I finally understood ... you thought I couldn’t become an able person so you didn’t care about me.” Qin Yu nips his lips, his eyes glittering.

“After thinking it over, I decided to train to become an expert. But my dantian couldn’t store internal energy so I could only do external practice. In the 1st year, it was Master Zhao Yunxing who taught me. Every day, I started to train when it was still dimly light. It was limit training. To be exact, it was physical-limit-surpassing training. I was in extreme pain and exhausted every day. I was so weary that I really shouldn’t have been able to carry on, but I thought about my being able to make you happy later so I clenched my teeth and persisted ...” says Qin Yu slowly.

Qin De’s eyes have become moist.

“When I was 16, you told me some secrets and I finally understood it wasn’t that you didn’t love me, but that you had your own affairs so you couldn’t have time to pay attention to me. I saw you, big brother and 2nd brother working so hard for that important undertaking in the future, but I couldn’t help in anything despite being a son of the Qin clan as well. I could only be a bystander. That night you said unless I could reach the Xiantian level you wouldn’t let me lead troops to kill our enemies. At that time I decided that I would become a Xiantian expert no matter what!”

Qin Yu’s face suddenly has a faint smile: “10 years, after 10 whole years I finally succeeded. I was lucky and also hardworking, but it doesn’t matter what happened, the thing is, I’ve finally reached the current level!” Qin Yu suddenly raises his head. A swift and fierce aura comes forth from his body. “Since ancient times, they’ve been saying that external practice is hopeless and unable to reach the Xiantian level. But I never believed it. I always worked hard and I finally succeeded indeed!”

There is a hint of pride on Qin Yu’s face. Having reached a level where he can match a peak Xiantian internal expert, how can he not be proud? Moreover, Qin Yu even practices external techniques, which are universally acknowledged to be much harder than internal techniques.

“I’m a Xiantian external expert. Moreover, since I reached the Xiantian level, I’ve improved a lot and my power has been enhanced greatly. I wanted to tell you about this because I thought that, when you knew I had become a Xiantian expert, you would treat me as you treat big brother and 2nd brother and find a good use for me so that I could help you too.” Qin Yu stares at Qin De. All of a sudden, his expression looks sad. “Ha-ha ... I was wrong. I was wrong, utterly wrong!”

Qin Yu suddenly becomes indignant. He says loudly to Qin De: “Father, when I was weak, you didn’t have a use for me and didn’t let me help you. I didn’t blame you for that and clenched my teeth to work hard. But now that my power has already reached a level where I’m far superior to ordinary Xiantian experts, you still don’t let me help you, brushing me aside. How can I possibly rest easy when I see you going through dangers? Father, do you think this is the same as caring about me? No, it’s definitely not. It hurts my feelings instead!”

“Ha-ha, I trained hard every day and night, giving up the amusements that my contemporaries enjoyed, giving up everything. I immersed myself in training for 10 years. Ha-ha, 10 years, no less! What did I train for 10 years for? What’s the use of practicing to my current level?” Qin Yu simply cannot keep his tears from rolling down his face.

His goal, his 10-year goal, is the thing he has had the most resolute attachment to for the last 10 years. Today he has discovered that it has come to naught, how can he possibly not grieve?

“Father, I know the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation is extremely fearsome, if you fail to overcome it ...” Qin Yu’s body starts to quiver. He cannot imagine how great a shock it would be to him if his father were to die. “If you passed away, wouldn’t my perseverance in the last 10 years become pointless? I’ve been training but I’m still of no use. Father, no matter what, can you at least find a use for me? In this way, even if I were to die, I’d have no regret.”

“But ... you give me no chance, absolutely no chance. You only said it’s pointless for me to get involved in this. Father, you don’t even give me a chance. How can you be sure that I’m useless? How? How?!” Qin Yu stares at Qin De and growls loudly and hoarsely. His eyes have turned crimson.

All of a sudden, Qin Yu burst out laughing sadly and shrilly: “I knew it already. Father, in your mind, this 3rd son has always been useless, right? It doesn’t matter what happens, I’m always utterly useless. Even when I’ve reached the Xiantian level, I’m still useless. I was useless in the past, and now I’m useless too. Father, I think, even when we go to war later, perhaps you still won’t find any good use for a Xiantian expert like me, right?!”

Qin De can say nothing.

Indeed, in the future war the troops of a fighting corps will be counted even by the hundred thousand so a Xiantian expert will not be very useful. Qin De basically has never cared about Qin Yu’s role in the future war.

Seeing Qin De’s expression, Qin Yu laughs.

“Ha-ha ... I’m just a useless, the most useless person. No matter how hard I try, no matter how much progress I make in practice, I’ll always be the most useless. This is laughable. What have I been training for? What have I been training for? What’s the use of my training?”

Qin Yu laughs out loud then weeps silently. His tears slowly roll down.

Qin De looks at Qin Yu in front of him, the 3rd son who he has never heartily cared about. Suddenly he feels extremely ashamed and sorrowful. He opens his mouth but simply cannot say a word because he does not know what he should say.

Indeed, in Qin De’s mind, Qin Yu is of no use. What Qin Yu just said is totally right.

“I’m a fool, a real fool.” Qin Yu shakes his head and gives a forced smile.

“Yu’er.” Qin Zheng and Qin Feng are about to say something, but Qin Yu reaches out his hand and stops them. He takes a deep breath, looks at Qin De and says calmly: “Father, I’m sorry. I was careless about what I said.” The 1st time, this is the 1st time he has given full vent to his repressed feelings of so many years.

“Yu’er, I ...”

Seeing that Qin De is about to say something, Qin Yu says with a forced smile: “Father, now I’m very confused, I need to calm down. Don’t worry. I won’t bother you. At least in the half year before your tribulation arrives, I won’t come back to bother you.” Qin Yu turns to Fengyuzi and says: “Uncle Feng, could you please deactivate the encircling restrictive spell?” Fengyuzi immediately sends out various streams of elemental energy, deactivating the restrictive spell.

Qin Yu turns his face upward and gives a whistle. Something then dives down from the sky like a black bolt of lightning.

Like a flash Qin Yu’s body gets on the back of the black eagle, which is 10 meters high in the air, leaving behind several afterimages. After sitting down on the back of the black eagle, all of a sudden, he slightly bends and hugs the black eagle’s neck. Xiao Hei has always been his companion for so many years so when he snuggles against Xiao Hei’s warm feathers his mind calms down.

He gently pats Xiao Hei and says: “Xiao Hei, let’s go, let’s return to Misty Villa.” Xiao Hei also feels that Qin Yu is very sad at the moment. With a shake of its wings, the wind suddenly rises and the black eagle soars into the sky. In just a while, it disappears on the horizon.

Qin De’s face has turned very pale, looking like the face of a sickly person. Turning his face skyward, he knows Qin Yu has left and will not return for at least a half year. This half year will probably be Qin De’s last half year in the world.

Qin Yu’s words have pierced his heart continuously like sharp knives but he knows that his son is even in more agony than he himself is. Even though he is mournful, he feels ashamed and regretful more, incomparably ashamed and regretful. However, in Qin De’s life, will he ever be able to compensate for what Qin Yu has gone through?

End of b3c13.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 14
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C14: A glimpse of hope (1)

On the top of Mount Donglan, a golden silhouette is moving extremely fast. The silhouette is indistinct and ethereal like mist. On one side, a huge black male eagle is flapping its wings. Its sharp eyes are being fixed on the golden silhouette. This golden silhouette and this eagle are Qin Yu and Xiao Hei.

Qin Yu has been training like this for over 20 whole days. During this period of time, he has not taken a break, eaten and drunk but his mind has been getting better and better. Compared to when he just left the princely mansion, Qin Yu’s entire body is currently much swifter and fiercer.

Suddenly the golden silhouette stops. Those 36 golden energy streams then vanish away completely, revealing Qin Yu’s lonely figure.

“The 2nd Trans-Heaven diagram’s 36 pictures have been totally mastered.” Qin Yu looks at his entire body’s skin. As soon as he slightly exerts his strength, very incredibly, a vague golden light starts to move under his skin. Moreover, Qin Yu discovers that his body has reached a whole new level.

Strength? He can no longer use strength to accurately assess his current body.

“Xiao Hei, let’s go.” Qin Yu calls Xiao Hei, which instantly utters several cries of excitement. Then, after he sits on Xiao Hei’s back, with a shake of its wings, Xiao Hei leaves Mount Donglan at once and starts to go on another journey.

......

It is already deep in the winter at the moment and white snow is falling from all over the sky. In a Heavenly Net branch, the courtyard of this branch is covered with a thick blanket of snow. Qin Yu treads on the snow blanket directly and only leaves a line of faint footprints. As snow keeps falling down, those footprints also disappear in a short while.

“Please sit down, Mister Liu Xing.” A flirty woman puts a mission list before Qin Yu.

He turns directly to the Gold Card Missions section and skims through the resumes of these missions’ targets. When he chooses a mission, he does not care about the opponent’s overall power and only pays attention to what kind of person the opponent is. If it is an evildoer he will undertake the mission, but if it is a good person he will pass on the mission. Of course, he is not so bored that he would protect that good person yet.

“Gold card mission no. 6,” says Qin Yu coldly.

That flirty woman immediately assigns him the mission then gives him a subtle blink and says flirtatiously: “Mister Liu Xing, it’s snowing heavily outside. Please stay the night here. It won’t be late to wait until it stops snowing tomorrow before going.”

As she is saying, she reaches out her delicate right hand and holds Qin Yu’s hand.

“Let go.” Qin Yu says calmly.

The flirty woman covers her mouth and says with a smile: “Mister Liu Xing is really ...” When she is about to say something, she feels a shock transferring to her from Qin Yu’s hand and cannot help loosening her hold with a tingling sensation. Qin Yu immediately turns around and steps into the boundless, heavy snow.

The flirty woman follows the silhouette in the heavy snow with her eyes. She suddenly sees that silhouette turn into several afterimages and disappear.

......

“Anyone who dares come to kill me simply has a death wish. Demonic Flaming Hand, kill him for me,” says a fat man loftily.

A faint cold smile appears on the corners of golden-masked Qin Yu’s mouth.

“Yes.” A one-armed bald man looks at Qin Yu and says coldly: “Gold card assassin, who would’ve thought that an assassin like you would openly block our way instead of using a sneak attack? You’re simply utterly stupid. Being able to die at my Demonic Flaming Hand, you can take pride in that.”

Qin Yu slightly shakes his head and thinks to himself: “Middle-phase Xiantian expert, too weak.”

Whizz!

Qin Yu flashes by the one-armed bald man like a beam of light, rendering him completely dumbfounded. Then 2 miserable cries rise successively. Qin Yu’s body has already disappeared. Having accomplished the mission, naturally he has left.

“My right hand, ah, my right hand is gone!” Looking at where his only hand used to be, Demonic Flaming Hand freezes with horror.

Just now, Qin Yu’s speed was so fast. Giving Demonic Flaming Hand absolutely no time to resist, he cut off the opponent’s only hand with a knife hand strike. Then, using the same shocking speed, he directly beheaded that fat man with another knife hand strike. Afterwards, he took the fat man’s head and left lightly.

From the beginning to the end, it took him only a moment.

“Indeed, after mastering the 2nd Trans-Heaven diagram, my overall power has reached a whole new level. That, coupled with my stopping to use the black iron arm guards and leg guards and the black gold undershirt, has made me very fast. Perhaps a peak Xiantian expert can only be about as fast as me at best.” There is a confident smile on Qin Yu face at the moment.

After practicing the 2nd Trans-Heaven diagram, Qin Yu’s power has increased greatly. His body has been transformed even more. In terms of bodily toughness alone, even black iron weapons can no longer hurt him. His body’s defense has already caught up with that of the black gold undershirt.

Therefore, Qin Yu has taken off the black gold undershirt and the black iron arm guards and leg guards. After all, weight carrying is basically not very useful at his current level anymore.

......

“Mister Liu Xing is really fast. In just a while you’ve already finished the mission.” The woman who welcomes Qin Yu flatters him smilingly.

After receiving the reward, Qin Yu opens the mission list and says at once: “Gold card mission no. 3!”

......

In 3 whole months Qin Yu undertakes 9 gold card missions, averaging 3 missions a month. All of the missions are gold card missions but he accomplishes them with ease. All of the targets are killed by him openly regardless of their power levels.

There are even 2 late phase Xiantian experts among them.

Even when facing a late phase Xiantian expert, Qin Yu does not use the Flaming Sword and the Flaming Gloves. He kills the opponent with his own hands. Even so, the opponent cannot put up any resistance at all. With Qin Yu’s current power, even when using bare hands, he can already put up a good fight against any peak Xiantian expert.

The silvery and golden lights of the 2 Trans-Heaven diagrams have really transformed his body a lot. This is also the cause of such an improvement in Qin Yu’s power.

......

“Mister Liu Xing, why do you suddenly stop taking missions?” The woman who welcomes Qin Yu asks doubtfully. Seeing in the record that Qin Yu has been undertaking 9 successive missions recently, she originally thought that he would continue to take one more.

“How can I continue to waste my time on these missions? Humph, their targets aren’t challenging at all.” Qin Yu takes the reward, says indifferently then leaves. Obviously his attitude has changed. It is no longer as apathetic as it was 3 months ago.

A person comes out from the back of the hall where missions are taken. Following Qin Yu’s leaving back with his eyes, he slightly frowns and says: “Not challenging? Even late phase Xiantian experts aren’t challenging at all?”

******

In a nameless mountain forest,

It has been 2 months. Qin Yu has been staying in this nameless mountain forest for over 2 months and practicing the 3rd Trans-Heaven diagram here. Having previous experience with the other 2 diagrams, he has naturally been practicing this Trans-Heaven diagram with great ease.

However, what has surprised Qin Yu is that ... the 3rd Trans-Heaven diagram is different from the 2 previous diagrams.

The reason is ... the 3rd Trans-Heaven diagram has unexpectedly created a purple Xiantian energy. This Xiantian energy has permeated into his entire body in every place. It does not matter if it is the dantian, a muscle, a bone or a channel ... as long as it is a place in his body, there will be Xiantian energy in it.

“Hah!”

With his entire body enfolded in 36 purple energy streams, Qin Yu dives down from the sky like a flash. He then ruthlessly smashes his right leg on the ground. The strange thing is that, it unexpectedly causes no damage to the ground. However, the entire area of the ground in his vicinity starts to vibrate. In a short while --

Boom!

With a loud sound, the soil within a several-tens-meter radius of Qin Yu explodes, creating a huge cloud of dust. When the dust has settled, a crater which is several tens meters in circumference and 10 meters deep appears.

“I only needed 1 month to master the 1st or 2nd Trans-Heaven diagram. This 3rd Trans-Heaven diagram unexpectedly took me over 2 months.” Qin Yu stops. The 36 purple energy streams around him also disappear. The pure purple glow on his body gradually withdraws as well.

From the outside to the inside,

Compared to the 2 previous Trans-Heaven diagrams, the 3rd Trans-Heaven diagram is much more formidable. Not only does it enhance his body, it also creates the special purple Xiantian energy which solely belongs to this Trans-Heaven Mysterious Art.

“It’s been a half year. Father is going to undergo his tribulation soon.” Qin Yu secretly groans. He is not happy at the moment despite his great improvement in power.

End of b3c14.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 15
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C15: A glimpse of hope (2)

For the last half year, Qin Yu has been wondering about the purposes of his life. Can he possibly live out his life just like an ordinary man on the Qin Long continent, who will get married, have children then age? No, in his mind, going down this road is simply unacceptable. Since he was a little kid, Qin Yu has been aiming to become an expert so that he can help his father.

But now ......

“Perhaps I’ve been wrong since the beginning. A person can’t always live for other people. If I live like that, not only will I be tired, father will be put under great pressure as well.” Qin Yu slowly goes to the side of a tarn in the mountain forest. Despite looking at the jade waves before him, he continuously ponders in his mind. For the last half year, Qin Yu has been training and carrying out missions, but he has always been pondering.

“What should I live for?” This is what Qin Yu has been pondering over.

Qin Yu has a desire in the bottom of his heart, a secret desire. But he has never dared to let his desire burst forth completely. In his heart, he takes the greatest pleasure in fighting to the death and in breaking through his limits.

“Xiuzhenists, the Overseas Immortal Islands, and the Xiuzhen world!” -- These are the desire Qin Yu has been concealing in his heart. At that time, when he heard Fengyuzi’s description of the Xiuzhen world, he instantly became imbued with a desire for this Xiuzhen world. In the past his power was insufficient but the Trans-Heaven diagrams have given him an opportunity.

Qin Yu takes a deep breath.

He yearns for the life of a Xiuzhenist -- going up to the 9th level of the sky, going down to the depths of the ocean, battling demonic beasts, contending against Xiuzhenists for treasures, fighting Heaven and Hell, pursuing the limits of life! Qin Yu yearns for that blood-boiling, passion-packed kind of life. However, to live that kind of life, he must have, first, real power and, second, determination.

He must have the power of a Xiuzhenist and the determination of a loner.

Since his father and brothers cannot venture into the unknown and wander about with him, will Qin Yu be able to leave his father and brothers?

“Remember, just do whatever you think is right. The Qin clan’s sons flinch from nothing, not even death!”

Those words said by his father resound in Qin Yu’s ears again. He suddenly laughs: “Alright, living in the world, why do I have to be afraid of something? Moreover, I’ve been living the wrong way. I mustn’t live for other people. That kind of life has tired both me and father out. I must live for myself. Father, big brother, 2nd brother, I’ll pursue my own life!”

Qin Yu’s eyes glitter.

“Xiao Hei, after father has overcome his tribulation, I’m going to pursue my own life. Do you want to follow me?” says Qin Yu while stroking Xiao Hei’s head. Xiao Hei immediately spreads its wings and gently pats Qin Yu’s back with them while continuously nodding.

Qin Yu laughs as soon as he sees this.

It does not matter what is going to happen, at least Xiao Hei will always be his companion.

“Xiao Hei, let’s go. It’s a waste of time to live a boring life. Let’s go to see if the Heavenly Net has any challenging missions.” Qin Yu gets on Xiao Hei’s back at once with a jump. Xiao Hei immediately flaps its wings then disappears like a beam of light.

******

Qin De sits down. He is in the chair. 3 other people consisting of the blue-clad old man, Manager Ge Min and Fengyuzi also sit down one by one.

“The place has been selected. Everything is almost ready. We only need to wait 37 more days,” says Qin De indifferently. The closer it gets to the tribulation, the more clearly he feels its time of arrival. And he is going to undergo the tribulation in 37 days.

The blue-clad old man says with a nod: “There are a lot of demonic beasts in the Wilderness. Quite a few of them have even reached the Jindan stage. Even if Wu Xing and Wu De discover the appearance of the heavenly tribulation in the Wilderness, they will surely think that it is a demonic beast undergoing its tribulation. So, if Your Highness can overcome the tribulation, the Xiang clan instead won’t expect that we’ll even have such an expert as Your Highness on our side.”

“The location selected by Your Highness is really extremely ingenious,” says Manager Ge Min in agreement.

Qin De shakes his head and says with a laugh: “Let’s wait to see if I can go through the heavenly tribulation alive before saying something. All right, brother Feng and Manager Ge Min, the 2 of you please leave first. I and Blue-clad have to discuss some matters.”

“I take my leave, Your Highness.” Manager Ge Min bows and says. Fengyuzi, however, only folds his hands in salute. The 2 of them then leave.

The blue-clad old man and the gray-clad old man are the 2 general managers of the Heavenly Net. Generally, Qin De only calls these 2 old men by their code names Blue-clad and Gray-clad. In fact, he has never called them by their real names. This time, Qin De has decided that the blue-clad old man is going to follow him when he leaves for a location in the Wilderness to undergo the tribulation whereas the gray-clad old man is going to continue to manage the Heavenly Net’s operation.

“Blue-clad, this time pick out 5 late phase Xiantian experts from the Secret Arrow, which was originally managed by Uncle Lian, and let Manager Ge lead them. At your Heavenly Net, find some late phase Xiantian experts in the 2 Nets. At the same time ... invite assassin Liu Xing to come as well.” There is a faint smile on the corners of Qin De’s mouth.

The blue-clad old man also gives a smile.

The Heavenly Net is divided into the Inner Net and the Outer Net. However, it cannot directly control the members of the Outer Net and can only invite them. As for this assassin Liu Xing, Qin De, being the leader of the Heavenly Net, has been paying close attention to him for some time.

“That assassin Liu Xing is extremely powerful. According to my subordinates’ reports, he has been undertaking 9 successive missions recently and accomplished them with ease. There were even late phase Xiantian experts among the targets but, when facing this assassin Liu Xing, they had no choice but to get killed. His power should have reached the peak of the Xiantian level.” The blue-clad old man states his opinion.

At the moment, Qin De is in need of experts, absolute experts.

That day he told Qin Yu that peak Xiantian experts cannot put up any resistance against Xiuzhenists. What he said can be considered correct, but not totally correct. In a one-on-one, it is certainly correct. However, if 5 or 6 peak Xiantian experts join forces and use middle-grade holy weapons at the same time, then whether it is true will be quite another matter.

Peak Xiantian experts are all extremely fast, like lightning. If 5 or 6 peak Xiantian experts attack together, a Jindan stage Xiuzhenist will find it difficult to cope with them. If his body gets destroyed, the Xiuzhenist will be done for. Even though a Jindan stage Xiuzhenist’s elemental energy is profound, his body’s structure is almost no different from that of ordinary people’s bodies. So, once his internal organs are shattered into pieces, he will also die.

Qin De currently needs peak Xiantian experts, or late phase Xiantian experts at the minimum.

However, peak Xiantian experts are too hard to come by. Currently, according to Qin De’s judgement, this assassin Liu Xing is a peak Xiantian expert. Moreover, judging from the missions that assassin Liu Xing has undertaken, he is also trustworthy.

“Blue-clad, you are to invite him personally. If necessary, you can threaten him a bit by force. Of course, he must not be told about the location of the tribulation, and my identity as well. When the time comes, letting him follow us will be enough!” says Qin De.

He is not worried about the identity of this mysterious assassin Liu Xing. Even if Liu Xing is an enemy, will it make any difference? After all, Qin De cannot let him know anything.

“Yes, I’m going to invite him personally.” Blue-clad bows and says.

......

Qin Yu has found it very strange that the last time he took a mission the executive of that Heavenly Net branch told him the supreme elder of the Heavenly Net requested a discussion with him. As a top-class assassin of the Heavenly Net, he also knows it has 2 grand elders. He wonders why this grand elder invites himself to meet him today.

Following their agreement, Qin Yu goes to a teahouse. At the moment, there are no guests in the teahouse. He slightly frowns.

“You’ve arrived, Mister Liu Xing. Why don’t you come up here?” A series of laughs of a man comes to him from the 2nd floor.

Qin Yu’s feet make a movement. His entire body disappears into thin air at once then appears on where the staircase and the 2nd floor meet. His speed was extremely fast and simply reached a shocking level.

“So fast yet caused no wind sounds!” The blue-clad elder is startled in his heart. He knows even he himself cannot reach that speed. He looks toward the top landing of the staircase and sees a man standing there, who is about 1.75 m tall and looks very cold from head to toe.

The blue-clad elder, however, has an indescribable feeling that the man in front of him seems very familiar.

As soon as Qin Yu sees the man before him, his eyes pop out of his head because he unexpectedly recognizes this so-called Heavenly Net grand elder as the mysterious blue-clad elder who occasionally appears beside his father. The usual movements of the blue-clad elder and the gray-clad elder are extremely secret, only that these 2 elders appear in the princely mansion sometimes. In the entire mansion, only a few people such as Qin Yu know about the existence of this blue-clad elder and the gray-clad elder.

“Heavenly Net grand elder?” says Qin Yu while looking at the blue-clad elder. An unfathomable faint smile appears on the corners of his mouth.

End of b3c15.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 16
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C16: The source of danger (1)

“So the Heavenly Net’s leader is ...” An idea springs to Qin Yu’s mind and he gives a smile. He then comes up to the blue-clad elder’s face and sits down directly without ceremony.

The blue-clad elder laughs then slowly says: “Mister Liu Xing is so mysterious, just like a hidden dragon. In 3 consecutive months, you accomplished perfectly all of the 9 gold card missions you took. When I first knew about this, I was indescribably amazed. Only afterwards did I know that it turned out the Outer Net of my Heavenly Net still had such an expert as Mister Liu Xing.”

“Gold card missions? They weren’t challenging at all. I so wanted to find a match but couldn’t. This really ...” says Qin Yu very haughtily.

He does so because he wants to keep his real identity from being discovered by other people and also to define assassin Liu Xing as a top-class expert who devotes himself to martial arts and cares about nothing but martial arts.

“Not challenging at all? Could it be Mister Liu Xing has already reached the peak of the Xiantian level?” asks the blue-clad elder. Qin Yu suddenly gives a ha-ha laugh and says: “Grand elder, you would know after testing a bit, right? It’s really hard to meet an expert of your caliber.”

As he finishes saying, he suddenly attacks with his right hand.

Since he was little, Qin Yu has trained his fingers’ strength and, at the same time, their flexibility repeatedly. After many breakthroughs, today the strength of his fingers has already reached an astonishing level. He extends his right hand’s forefinger, creating several tens illusions.

The blue-clad elder’s eyes brighten. He also extends his right hand’s forefinger, on which a dazzling light appears.

Bang!

Finger versus finger! The fingers crash head-on. They are unexpectedly equally matched.

Qin Yu slightly curves the corners of his mouth upward. A purple beam of light suddenly shoots out from his fingertip. The blue-clad elder only feels a sharp force penetrate into his body through his fingertip. He cannot help getting shocked. He immediately withdraws his finger and, at the same time, uses the liquified Xiantian energy in his dantian to eliminate this foreign stream of energy.

“Ha-ha, Mister Liu Xing is really formidable. This senile old man admires you. I really do!” The blue-clad elder laughs out loud and says at once. His eyes brighten.

Following Qin De’s order to invite Qin Yu this time, the 1st thing he must do is determine what level Qin Yu’s power has reached. Judging from the force of this one finger strike alone, the blue-clad elder can already confirm absolutely that assassin Liu Xing before him is not weaker than him.

“You didn’t use all your power, grand elder, so my win is worthless,” says Qin Yu indifferently.

He can see that this blue-clad elder did not use his entire power. However, Qin Yu did not use all his power either. He is certain that, if he had to deal with the blue-clad elder, using only the purple Xiantian energy he has thanks to practicing the 3rd Trans-Heaven diagram he would surely be able to destroy the blue-clad elder.

“Mister Liu Xing is at such a high level in power. It looks like you’re already qualified to undertake a special mission,” says the blue-clad elder mysteriously.

Qin Yu slightly narrows his eyes. He knows he is posing as assassin Liu Xing, a pursuer of martial arts and the human limits, so he says at once: “Oh? You only say I’m qualified to take this mission after testing me just now. It seems this mission is very awesome? Tell me about it.”

The blue-clad elder says mysteriously: “Awesome? Mister Liu Xing, quite a few experts who take part in this mission are on a par with you. However, joining this mission, you must forget about life and death.”

“Oh?”

Qin Yu’s heart skips a beat.

He knows that, with his current power, he has made the blue-clad elder think that assassin Liu Xing is a peak Xiantian expert. However, the elder just said quite a few experts who participate in this mission are on the same level as him. Does this not clearly mean that they are also peak Xiantian experts?

“What is this mission? Could it be ...” Qin Yu secretly has a hunch.

“Ha-ha ... using several experts like me, is there such a difficult mission? Could it be to assassinate a Shangxian?” says Qin Yu laughingly.

The blue-clad elder says with a shake of his head: “It’s not to assassinate a Shangxian, but to be a bodyguard for about a month. If you’re willing to join, during this month, you’ll have to protect the client well.” The blue-clad old man stares at Qin Yu and carefully observes his reaction.

“Bodyguard? Humph, you’re asking me to become a bodyguard?” says Qin Yu coldly.

The blue-clad elder says confidently: “Don’t worry, Mister Liu Xing. Don’t you always dislike easy missions? This mission is absolutely difficult and, moreover, the power of the prospective enemies will satisfy you. The important thing is ... if this mission is successful, we will give you a high Xian-grade weapon!”

High Xian-grade weapons are the top weapons in the eyes of mortals on the Qian Long continent.

As for holy weapons, generally only Xiuzhenists can have them. Qin Yu found that chunk of In-rock Flaming iron, but if it had not been for Fengyuzi’s forging he would not have come into possession of his holy weapons. Therefore, how can mortals possibly obtain holy weapons? The mission’s reward of a high Xian-grade weapon as the blue-clad elder said is already extremely valuable.

Superb weapons hold an enormous attraction for martial artists so Qin Yu has to act as if his interest has been aroused.

“Oh...” A hint of excitement flashes in his eyes.

Seeing Qin Yu’s expression, the blue-clad elder knows he has a good chance of success. He says instantly: “Mister Liu Xing, it is extremely hard to come across a mission like this. If you want to join us, then wait for me in this teahouse 3 days later. When the time comes, I’m going to bring you along.”

“Who am I going to protect? And where are we going to go?” Qin Yu asks closely.

The blue-clad elder says with a shake of his head: “I can only tell you that the client is called Mister Ying. As for the other thing, there’s no need for you to ask. When the time comes, you’re going to follow us.” The blue-clad old man stares at Qin Yu, waiting for his answer.

“Mister Ying?” An idea springs to Qin Yu’s mind. His conjecture has been confirmed even more.

“All right, I’ll take this mission. See you 3 days later in this teahouse.” Qin Yu gives a ha-ha laugh. His body has already flown out of the 2nd floor directly through a window. He then disappears, leaving behind several afterimages. The blue-clad elder looks at the window and nods smilingly.

******

Late at night, in the imperial study,

“Your Majesty, this is Hidden Chessman’s secret letter.” A refined handsome middle-aged man hands over a letter. Xiang Guang, who is sitting, receives it and opens it to read the contents. He immediately frowns deeply: “What? Qin De is going to undergo the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation and even in less than a month’s time?”

Xiang Guang’s expression changes nonstop.

Qin De has always been his worry. If he cannot eliminate Qin De, he wil never have a peaceful day, as if there is something hard stuck in his throat forever. Moreover, today he has learned that Qin De is going to undergo the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation so he has become somewhat flustered. He hopes that Qin De will fail to overcome the tribulation but he also fears that Qin De will succeed and become a Jindan stage expert.

If the latter happens, the Qin clan will have 2 Shangxian and once it rebels it will be a much bigger threat.

Xiang Guang thinks for a long time then raises his head looking at the elegant middle-aged man before him and asks: “Mister Lan, in the beginning Wu Xing and Wu De made it clear that they only promised to protect us. It’s very difficult to make them get into action. Right, has Great Ancestor given any instructions yet, Mister Lan ......?”

With a smile, this Mister Lan takes out from his bosom a small jade bottle, puts it on the table before Xiang Guang and says: “Your Majesty, this is a Red Flourishing Pill. I believe Your Majesty also knows what Great Ancestor means.”

Hearing the 3 words Red Flourishing Pill, Xiang Guang is shocked. Then a hint of savageness appears on his face: “Red Flourishing Pill, the last Red Flourishing Pill, how could Great Ancestor give it up? Right, don’t worry, Mister Lan. Please inform Great Ancestor that I definitely won’t let Great Ancestor down. Humph, Wu Xing and Wu De are really too greedy. However ... Qin De must be destroyed; it can’t be helped.”

“I mustn’t let Qin De overcome the tribulation no matter what. Otherwise they’ll have 2 Jindan stage Xiuzhenists on their side, plus the troops of the 3 Eastern region counties, so, when war breaks out, even if their rebellion fails, the Xiang clan’s vitality will suffer greatly.” Xiang Guang clenches the jade bottle in his hand.

Mister Lan slightly nods then walks out through the main entrance in a dignified manner.

By contrast, Xiang Guang spends an entire sleepless night in the imperial study. In the morning of the next day, he leaves the Imperial Palace directly with secret experts.

End of b3c16.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 17
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C17: The source of danger (2)

In a secluded manor,

“Shangxian, that Qin De wants to rebel and destroy my Xiang clan’s everlasting bases and accomplishments. Moreover, he is going to undergo the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation soon. The Qin clan already has a Shangxian, namely Fengyuzi. If Qin De can overcome the tribulation, they will have 2 Shangxian as well, which will be harmful to my Xiang clan, and also to the 2 of you,” says Xiang Guang to 2 green-clad men.

Wu De and Wu Xing are the 2 Xiuzhenists who have been protecting the Xiang clan for several hundred years. Their position is extremely lofty.

Wu De has a head full of loose long hair, looking very natural and self-willed. With his power having even reached the late phase of the Jindan stage, he is absolutely an expert. Even though Wu Xing also has long hair, he has tied it up with a hairband. Wu Xing’s eyes and white brows give his entire body an obvious air of swiftness and fierceness. He has reached the middle phase of the Jindan stage in practice, which is also Fengyuzi’s level.

“Martial brother, it seems at that time we only promised to protect the Xiang clan, didn’t we?” Wu Xing says to Wu De.

Among the emperors of the Chu dynasty, Xiang Yang was one who can rival Xiang Yu the Conqueror in wisdom. Even though Xiang Yu was the founding emperor, he was killed by revenge-seeking experts of the Qin dynasty. Xiang Yu conquered all the lands but he did not rule them. Following Xiang Yu’s death, his only son Xiang Yang became the Chu emperor. Xiang Yang was extremely outstanding in both literary and military arts. His talent for martial arts was not inferior to that of his father Xiang Yu and he was even better than Xiang Yu in government.

It was he who invited this Wu De and Wu Xing to help the Xiang clan at that time when he was still reigning.

“Martial younger brother,” Wu De casts a glance at Wu Xing, who stops saying instantly. Wu De looks toward Xiang Guang and says smilingly: “Xiang Guang, what’s the matter? Say it clearly and don’t beat around the bush. What do you want me and my martial younger brother to do?”

Xiang Guang rejoices. He says at once: “Shangxian, could you please ... kill Qin De for me?!”

“Oh? Kill him?” Wu De then gives a smile, but says no more, neither refusing nor accepting. He only goes to one side, picks up a book and starts to read it casually.

Xiang Guang is ridiculous! As Xiuzhenists go against Heaven, they are no kind-hearted people or altruists. Most of them are very selfish. Except for their own good friends, who are the only people they will help, they do nobody a favour. Asking them to do something that does not benefit them for free is, therefore, no different from fantasizing.

“2 greedy arseholes,” Xiang Guang secretly curses. However, he has forgotten that, as 2 Xiuzhenists, there is no reason for them to help him for nothing. Xiang Guang forces a smile and says: “Of course, Shangxian, as long as you kill Qin De for me, my Xiang clan will definitely handsomely return the favor.”

Wu De and Wu Xing still show no reaction.

Wu Xing gives Xiang Guang a disdainful look which is packed with satire. It is simply impossible to ask Wu De and his martial younger brother to do something by promising to reward them after the affair has been dealt with.

Xiang Guang slightly narrows his eyes then clenches his teeth and takes out from his bosom a jade bottle. Wu Xing’s and Wu De’s eyes instantly brighten. Xiang Guang says at once: “Shangxian, there is a holy pill in this bottle, a precious Red Flourishing Pill. Now I give it to the 2 of you. My Xiang clan only asks you to kill that Qin De. Is this all right?”

Wu Xing raises his white eyebrows and exchanges a look with his martial brother Wu De. Then the 2 of them burst out laughing.

“Xiang Guang, just leave this matter to us. It’s only Qin De. Humph, both of us will attack together. They only have Fengyuzi on their side so they definitely won’t be able to resist us. You can rest easy.” Wu Xing receives the jade bottle while laughing out loud.

Xiang Guang feels a pain in his heart but he still tries to force a smile: “Then I’ll wait for your good news, Shangxian. Right, Shangxian, Qin De is going to undergo the tribulation in the Green Lotus mountain range on the border of the Wilderness, but I don’t know exactly where it is going to be. His tribulation should come within a month.”

“Oh, the Green Lotus mountain range?” Qin De slightly frowns.

......

Using the Appearance and Bone Changing art Qin Yu changes into assassin Liu Xing and goes directly to that agreed teahouse.

As for Xiao Hei, fearing that his real identity will be discovered, he has told Xiao Hei to fly to a height of 10,000 m in the sky. At such a distance above the ground, not even Qin Yu’s vision can see the eagle, not to mention his holy sense. Qin Yu’s holy sense has a range of no more than several hundred meters whereas Xiao Hei is 10,000 m away from him.

However, Xiao Hei has a very keen sight. Even when flying at a height of 10,000 m in the air, it can still see Qin Yu below clearly. Xiao Hei’s vision is obviously very extraordinary and far superior to that of ordinary male eagles.

As soon as Qin Yu enters the teahouse, he takes a glance around and notices an old man dressed in black in a corner. That black-dressed old man is none other than Elder Blue-clad. Elder Blue-clad stands up and passes by Qin Yu directly to walk out of the teahouse as if he does not recognize him.

“Mister Liu Xing, please follow me.” Elder Blue-clad transfers his voice confidentially to Qin Yu’s ears.

Qin Yu then goes after Elder Blue-clad. The 2 of them turn into an alley successively. Afterwards they enter a courtyard house. It is obvious that this courtyard house has been prepared carefully earlier by Elder Blue-clad. Moreover, there is a huge silvery-feathered golden-eyed condor in the courtyard house.

“Mister Liu Xing, this golden-eyed condor was raised by me. Come on, get on its back together with me,” says Elder Blue-clad smilingly.

The silvery-feathered golden-eyed condor utters a low howl then spreads its huge silvery wings. Condors naturally have much larger bodies than eagles. However, even though Xiao Hei belongs to a certain kind of eagle, it is about the same size as this silvery-feathered golden-eyed condor.

Spreading its wings, the silvery-feathered golden-eyed condor soars into the sky with Elder Blue-clad and Qin Yu sitting on its back then flies eastward.

“This golden-eyed condor is about the same size as Xiao Hei but it is much slower than Xiao Hei.” Qin Yu thinks to himself. The back of this golden-eyed condor is very broad and there is ample space for the 2 of them to sit down side by side.

As the condor flies in the sky, they sit very stably despite strong blasts of wind.

“Mister Liu Xing, please remember that when meeting the client you shouldn’t ask any unnecessary questions. You only need to know you’re going to have to protect Mister Ying.” Elder Blue-clad warns.

“Even if you let me ask, I wouldn’t ask,” says Qin Yu indifferently.

After flying for a half day, the golden-eyed condor dives down into a courtyard house directly. Elder Blue-clad jumps down first. He simply does not notice that at this moment Qin Yu’s eyes brighten. Qin Yu has this reaction because his holy sense has felt clearly the people in the courtyard house.

“Mister Ying, Mister Liu Xing has arrived,” says Elder Blue-clad respectfully. Afterwards, more than 10 people walk out from a room of the courtyard house. The leaders are none other than Qin De and Fengyuzi. The people such as Ge Min are behind Qin De.

This time, Manager Ge Min leads 5 late phase Xiantian experts from the Secret Arrow and Elder Blue-clad leads 5 late phase Xiantian experts from the Heavenly Net besides assassin Liu Xing.

“Mister Liu Xing,” Qin De comes forward smilingly.

Qin Yu looks at his father. He was already able to guess who the client is when Elder Blue-clad first told him about this mission. However, he has never known that the Qin clan is actually behind the Heavenly Net. When facing Qin De, Qin Yu slightly nods and says: “Mister Ying, so you’re the client. I’m going to ensure your safety.”

Qin De nods smilingly then says loudly and clearly: “Gentlemen, all preparations have been made. Let’s get going.” Qin De walks directly toward a silvery white tiger. That white tiger has 2 wings on its body. It is none other than a king among tigers -- a sky-flying white tiger.

“Mister Liu Xing, I have a good impression of you.” Qin De suddenly turns his head to Qin Yu and says smilingly. Qin Yu politely gives a smile. Qin De then sits on the sky-flying white tiger.

“Good impression?” smiles Qin Yu. His father still does not know that this assassin Liu Xing is just his 3rd son Qin Yu. As before, Qin Yu follows Elder Blue-clad to get on the silvery-feathered golden-eyed condor. The other Xiantian experts either share flying animals or use flying animals of their own. The 15 people including Qin De then soar into the sky and fly eastward quickly.

End of b3c17.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 18
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C18: The Green Lotus mountain range (1)

Riding their flying animals, the group of 15 people including Qin De flies extremely fast eastward.

“In the end I’m still following father. This turn of events is really wonderful. When I couldn’t succeed despite trying hard, who could’ve thought that I would get my wish as assassin Liu Xing? This is just like how watched flowers never bloom but an unattended willow grows.” Looking at his father on the sky-flying white tiger ahead of him, Qin Yu cannot help giving a faint smile.

Qin Yu basically does not know the location selected for the tribulation this time. His current role is merely a bodyguard.

After flying for nearly 3 days and nights, during which time they took a break once for a meal, they finally arrives in the first destination -- a small city on the border of the Wilderness called Qingshi City.

“Come down!”

After shouting his order, Qin De takes the lead in diving down. The small airborne group at his back also dives down closely after him. They land directly on a place on the eastern side of Qingshi City. Qin Yu, however, feels that at this moment Xiao Hei is flying at a height of several thousand meters above them.

At age 7, Qin Yu took Xiao Hei in when it was still a chick. He will turn 19 in the new year so it has been almost 12 years ever since. One person and an eagle seem not to have been separated from each other for the last 12 years. A basically indescribable mysterious telepathy has even developed between them.

“Mister Ying, we’re going to stay the night here, aren’t we?” Elder Blue-clad asks Qin De.

The 5 Heavenly Net experts that Elder Blue-clad brings along are only loyal to the Heavenly Net’s leader, but even they do not know that the leader is a person of the Qin clan. To prevent accidents this time, Qin De has told Elder Blue-clad and Ge Min to call him Mister Ying.

“We’re staying the night here. Tomorrow morning everybody is going into the Wilderness so let’s have a good rest tonight.” Qin De gives a smile then turns to Ge Min and says: “Old man Ge, quickly prepare board and lodging for everyone.”

Ge Min says respectfully at once: “Yes, Mister Ying.”

In the evening, everyone has a meal in this considerably large house then most of them start to rest or go to sleep because, after all, they are going into the Wilderness tomorrow. No one, whether from the Heavenly Net or the Secret Arrow, has any complaints about their entry into the Wilderness.

Even if they are asked to die they will not be afraid of that, because they were already brainwashed when they started to be trained. However, there is a stranger going with them this time, namely peak Xiantian assassin Liu Xing.

Tonight has a bright moon but only a few stars. The bright Moon is hanging in a corner of the sky. Qin Yu has not gone to bed yet and is watching the Moon above from the courtyard.

“The Wilderness, I never thought that father would choose a location in the Wilderness to undergo his tribulation.” Qin Yu secretly groans. “One will encounter stronger demonic beasts as he goes deeper into the Wilderness. But I believe father won’t choose a place deep in the Wilderness to go through his tribulation.”

Suddenly, Qin Yu frowns and stops thinking because someone is approaching.

“Mister Liu Xing, you’re staying up so late. Could you be worrying about something?” Qin De says with a warm smile as he walks up to Qin Yu.

Immediately afterwards, another voice rises: “Mister Ying, there are demonic beasts in the Wilderness after all. Even though we aren’t going deep into the Wilderness this time, if we encounter any demonic beasts, it will still be very dangerous. Perhaps Mister Liu Xing can also feel that this journey is risky.” Fengyuzi also walks up to him.

Qin De says in an unconcerned manner: “Mister Liu Xing, if you find this mission risky, you can also give it up. We definitely won’t blame or laugh at you. After all, the Wilderness is a dangerous place.”

Qin De does not tell Qin Yu anything about the location he has selected this time. The Green Lotus mountain range is merely on the border of the Wilderness. The deeper a place is in the Wilderness, the more dangerous it becomes. The Green Lotus mountain range is no more than a huge mountain range on the border of the Wilderness so, even if it has wild beasts, Qin De and his entourage will still be able to handle them easily.

“Give up? Of course I won’t. I’m just wondering if we’ll encounter demonic beasts after coming into the Wilderness this time. Some demonic beasts are on the same level as Xiantian experts while some others are on a par with Shangxian. Some are even more formidable than Shangxian. If we encounter a demonic beast which is near a Shangxian’s caliber, I’m wondering whether I or it will eventually survive the fight to the death between us!” says Qin Yu indifferently.

“Gentlemen, I’m going back to rest first.” Qin Yu folds his hands and says.

“You’re going back to rest? Then we won’t trouble you anymore, Mister Liu Xing.” Qin De and Fengyuzi motion to him to proceed. Qin Yu then returns to his room directly, leaving only 2 people, Qin De and Fengyuzi, in the courtyard.

Fengyuzi makes a wave of his hand. A simple restrictive spell is immediately set up, isolating their voices completely from the outside of the spell.

“Brother Feng, what do you think about this assassin Liu Xing? I can feel Yu’er’s aura on his body.” Qin De slightly frowns and says.

At Qin De’s current level in power, he has developed a sense which is rather similar to the holy sense. No one will be able to fool people like him using only the Appearance and Bone Changing art. After all, any Xiantian expert can use the Appearance and Bone Changing art to the fullest and, moreover, Fengyuzi beside Qin De is a Xiuzhenist with an even more powerful holy sense.

Fengyuzi says with a slight frown: “When I used my holy sense to examine this Mister Liu Xing, I noticed that his aura is very similar to Xiao Yu’s and even thought that he was Xiao Yu. But later I discovered an extraordinary Xiantian energy inside Mister Liu Xing’s body. That kind of Xiantian energy is extremely terrifyingly destructive. Xiao Yu is a Xiantian external expert so he doesn’t have any internal energy. Mister Liu Xing, however, has Xiantian energy so he can’t be Xiao Yu.”

Qin De also says with a nod: “I felt it carefully too. This Mister Liu Xing’s aura is very profound and there are some differences between it and Xiao Yu’s.”

A person’s aura is dependent on his soul. After the Meteoric Tear fused with Qin Yu’s body, without his knowledge, some faint amounts of a mysterious energy from the Meteoric Tear have fused with his soul, slowly enhancing it unnoticed. Therefore, Qin Yu has undergone huge transformations during such a short time as the last half year.

This is the reason why, since Qin Yu and Qin De met each other again after a half year of separation, Qin De and Fengyuzi has not dared to confirm that this Mister Liu Xing is Qin Yu. Moreover, in the past Qin Yu told them that a Xiantian external expert only used physical power whereas this Mister Liu Xing has Xiantian energy.

Qin De does not know that Qin Yu acquired this purple Xiantian energy thanks to practicing the 3rd Trans-Heaven diagram.

“However ... I have a feeling that this Mister Liu Xing is worth trusting.” Qin De gives a smile then looks up at the bright moon in the night sky. At this moment he is thinking of his 3rd son, who has not returned home for a long time. “Yu’er, I owe you too much, but will I still have a chance to meet you again?”

Even though Qin De is fully prepared, he is not certain that he will overcome the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation.

In the early morning of the next day, the 15 people start off with light luggage. They only enter the Wilderness on foot. Even the weakest among them is a late phase Xiantian expert so they have no problem using their lightness skills to go along mountain tracks, which are rough and steep.

On the way, Qin De often chats to Qin Yu. It seems he has a very good opinion of this mysterious Mister Liu Xing. The journey is long and winding. After going for 3 days, they finally set foot in the Wilderness. However, the Wilderness is immense. Its surface area is even much larger than the total area of all the countries on the Qian Long continent.

After entering the Wilderness, Qin De and his entourage go extremely fast along some safe tracks according to a prearranged road map. Every demonic beast in the Wilderness has its own territory. Qin De’s road map shows the gaps between the territories of some demonic beasts.

Of course, with Qin De’s and his entourage’s power, they are unafraid of the demonic beasts on the edge of the Wilderness. However, they do not want to waste their power for no reason.

After going along winding tracks for 5 days, they finally reach their destination -- the Green Lotus mountain range. It is a huge mountain range which runs continuously for several hundred li. Of course, a several-hundred-li long mountain range is totally insignificant in the Wilderness.

End of b3c18.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 19
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C19: The Green Lotus mountain range (2)

“The Green Lotus mountain range runs continuously for several hundred li and occupies an extremely large area. I’m going to choose a suitable place here to undergo my tribulation.” Qin De looks at the Green Lotus mountain range and says with a loud laugh. After going for such a long time, everyone has finally arrived in the Green Lotus mountain range safely despite some alerts along the way.

Fengyuzi says smilingly: “Mister Ying, allow me to find that location for you.” Fengyuzi’s holy sense has a slightly longer range than Qin Yu’s, reaching 1000 m in radius. In an unfamiliar area like this Green Lotus mountain range, using the holy sense to explore is indeed the best way.

“Then I’ll have to trouble you, brother Feng,” says Qin De with a nod.

Fengyuzi then go first. The other people follow him toward the inside of the Green Lotus mountain range. This is after all a mountain range in the Wilderness so there are a lot of wild beasts here. The density of holy energy in the Wilderness is much higher than in the other areas of the Qian Long continent and therefore the demonic beasts in the Wilderness are very formidable.

Following Fengyuzi, Qin Yu continuously goes forward. At the same time, he looks around.

In the process of finding the place for the tribulation, Qin Yu sees a herd of monkeys, a Xiantian-level single-horned leopard and even a Xiantian level sky-flying white tiger. However, no one in his group fears these demonic beasts. Those demonic beasts also feel that Qin De, Fengyuzi and the other people are formidable so they do not attack them.

After going for nearly a half day, it starts to get dark slowly ...

“Found it. I never thought there’d be such a place.” Fengyuzi’s face has a hint of a pleasant surprise. “Everybody follow me.” As he finishes saying, he rushes directly toward a very ordinary cave in the distance in the mountain range. Qin De, Ge Min, Elder Blue-clad and the other people also go after him.

Everyone then enters the dark cave. There is absolutely no light in the cave but, luckily, all the people present can see in the dark. As they continuously go deeper, the cave’s diameter continuously decreases. At its smallest area, the cave even has only enough space for 1 person to enter at a time while stooping down. After they zigzag forward while bending about several tens meters, the cave widens again. Eventually, it can even accommodate several people going abreast. At the same time, there is light ahead of them.

That cave is a tunnel. As everyone comes out of the cave, they see a huge meadow surrounded by stone precipices before them. The meadow is several li in circumference. At first sight, it seems the cave everyone just went through is the only passage to this meadow. Of course, Xiuzhenists can fly into this place from the sky as well.

“There are only clusters of weeds and wild flowers. This place is no good.” Manager Ge Min says with a smile.

Qin Yu takes a look around but he cannot see anything good about this place either. The scenery is ordinary. There is nothing here other than some clusters of weeds and wild flowers on the ground and some wild horses in the distance. But after examining for a while, he suddenly feels giddy.

“There’s something strange about this place.” Qin Yu immediately guesses. The 1st thing that springs to his mind is the art of formation in Qi Men Dun Jia. However, it is too broad and deep while he has spent too little time researching it, so he only has a simple, superficial understanding of it at best.

“A natural illusive formation which secretly contains the 8 Diagrams is really hard to come by. Wait for me to modify it a bit!”

Fengyuzi laughs out loud and says. Then a flaming-red flying sword flies out from his palm. At the same time, the flaming-red flying sword suddenly becomes larger until it is 10 m long. The huge sword then chops fiercely at the stone precipices. As if they are tofu being cut with a knife, the shapes of the stone precipices are immediately altered by the chops.

In a short while, Fengyuzi withdraws the flying sword with satisfaction. By now, the shape of the entire valley has been slightly modified.

“Mister Ying, with the help of this natural 8 Diagrams formation, added to that I’ll set up a Reverse 8 Diagrams formation around you so that the Orthodox and Reverse 8 Diagrams formations will be integrated with each other and absorb the forces of nature in your surroundings to protect you, this time you’ll have a much better chance of overcoming the tribulation,” says Fengyuzi with a ha-ha laugh.

As soon as Qin De hears that, his face has a happy expression at once. He instantly says: “I’ll have to trouble you, brother Feng.” Fengyuzi then starts to set up restrictive spells and the formation with great concentration. To increase Qin De’s chance of success as much as possible, everyone is also confined in the natural formation.

******

The 2 martial brothers Wu De and Wu Xing have already arrived in the Green Lotus mountain range. Using their art of flying sword, they have brought along 2 old men apiece. These 4 old men who have come here with them are no ordinary people. They are all peak Xiantian experts and are the hidden super experts of the Xiang clan.

For the moment, Wu De, Wu Xing and the other 4 people are staying on a mountain peak of the Green Lotus mountain range.

“Seniors, according to our intelligence, Qin De should have already arrived in the Green Lotus mountain range for several days. Shouldn’t we also investigate at once where they have chosen to undergo the tribulation?” The leader of the 4 old men, a white-haired old man, says to Wu De and Wu Xing.

Wu De, his long hair fluttering, gives a smile. White-browed Wu Xing then says indifferently: “There’s no hurry. The Green Lotus mountain range is only several hundred li long. With the speed of our flying swords, in addition to checking using our holy sense, a night will be enough to find out where they are.”

Wu De says: “Martial younger brother, tonight let’s investigate carefully once to see where Qin De is actually hiding.”

“Okay. You’re far more powerful than Fengyuzi so when you use your holy sense to investigate he won’t feel anything.” There is a hint of arrogance on Wu Xing’s face. He simply does not worry about this mission at all.

Wu De and his martial younger brother consider Fengyuzi the only opponent because a middle phase Jindan stage expert like him will be a bit of a trouble. As for the other people, they simply pay no attention to them. A Xiuzhenist’s body is always protected by elemental energy and therefore those so-called high Xian-grade weapons will not be able to harm them.

******

Late at night, the bright Moon is hanging in the sky. Qin De and Qin Yu are sitting side by side talking to each other.

“Mister Liu Xing, I’ve always been curious about why you practice so hard,” says Qin De with a smile. Even though they have arrived in the Green Lotus mountain range for several days, this is the 1st time Qin De and the mysterious Mister Liu Xing have talked about this matter.

Qin Yu says with a smile: “Practice hard?” The 1st thing he thinks about is his father, but in the blink of an eye he remembers his current identity, so he says at once: “I practice hard firstly for my relatives and secondly because I want to pursue the limits in practice.”

Qin De does not know his identity anyway so Qin Yu says what he thinks directly.

“Oh? Pursuing the limits in practice?” Qin De becomes curious.

Qin Yu nods: “Yes, I actually long for the Xiuzhen world, in which I’ll be able to fly 10,000 li to the horizon when I make a movement, and kill my enemy from 1000 li away by drawing my sword when I’m angry! Fighting Heaven and Hell; battling demonic beasts.” Qin Yu has become a bit excited. He then shakes his head and says with a sigh. “Too bad, my power is still far from enough.”

“I believe you’ll definitely achieve your goal,” says Qin De smilingly.

“Maybe,” Qin Yu looks at his father before him. His heart slightly warms up.

He moved into Misty Villa when he was 6. For so many years, the journey to this place with his father has unexpectedly been the longest period of time he and his father have spent together. They have been chatting with each other everyday for the last several days like good friends.

......

A huge 8 Diagrams symbol is naturally formed by the entire valley. Fengyuzi has set up the base of the formation and linked it up with the valley using his elemental energy. Only in this way can he totally activate the power of such a natural 8 Diagrams formation. The natural 8 Diagrams formation absorbs holy energy then channels the energy toward the center of the valley via 8 paths.

In the center of the valley, there is a small Reverse 8 Diagrams formation. Qin De is sitting with legs crossed in the center of this Reverse 8 Diagrams formation.

The huge natural 8 Diagrams continuously absorb holy energy and channel it into the Reverse 8 Diagrams through 8 paths. After absorbing for 3 days, the Reverse 8 Diagrams formation has been filled with energy. At the moment, a terrifying force is moving nonstop in the Reverse 8 Diagrams formation. Qin De now can start this force off to form a protective cover.

“The 13 of you listen.” Fengyuzi says while staring at Qin Yu and the others.

Ge Min and the 5 people from the Secret Arrow, Elder Blue-clad and the 5 people from the Heavenly Net, and Qin Yu, there are 13 people altogether. These 13 people are listening to Fengyuzi’s orders.

“The huge natural 8 Diagrams formation hasn’t been activated yet. Once it’s started off, natural illusions will be created and you all will also be affected. Therefore, first, I’ll set up a small 8 Diagrams formation on the body of each of you. In this way, you won’t be affected by the illusions.” Fengyuzi says to everybody.

Fengyuzi has linked both the huge natural 8 Diagrams and the Reverse 8 Diagrams surrounding Qin De up using his elemental energy so they are totally under his control. As long as Fengyuzi uses his elemental energy to set up an 8 Diagrams formation on everyone, the huge formation will not affect any of them.

“If the enemies come, I’ll activate the huge natural 8 Diagrams formation at once to obstruct them. Once they are affected by the illusions while you aren’t, you must grasp the opportunity to kill them.” Fengyuzi tells everybody clearly what to do while looking at them.

They all understand that, when the enemies are affected by the illusions while they are not, it will exactly be the best chance to kill the enemies.

“Of course, there won’t necessarily be any enemies. I’m just cautioning you. However ... you must remember one thing, that is, you mustn’t let anyone approach Mister Ying no matter what,” says Fengyuzi solemnly. Everybody also nods.

Starting from this time, Qin De always practices in the Reverse 8 Diagrams, trying to reach the best condition before the arrival of the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. Naturally, he no longer chats with Qin Yu.

“Father.” Qin Yu looks at Qin De, who is practicing in the Reverse 8 Diagrams. He is silently hoping in his heart, hoping that his father will succeed. This period of time, during which he has often chatted with Qin De, has been his happiest period of time for the last 10 years.

The days pass. After 3 days of practicing, Qin De finally stops.

“The heavenly tribulation will come tonight.” Qin De says to everyone.

End of b3c19.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 20
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C20: The battle of the tribulation (1)

It gradually gets dark. Qin De is sitting with legs crossed in the center of the Reverse 8 Diagrams formation. Fengyuzi, Qin Yu and the other people are sitting randomly around Qin De. As every minute or second goes by, the 15 people in the valley know the heavenly tribulation is coming closer and they all become increasingly tense.

“Father.” Qin Yu slightly turns his head and looks at Qin De, who is sitting quietly. At this moment Qin De has a calm expression on his face. Qin Yu’s heart suddenly trembles because he knows it is extremely difficult for mortals to resist the power of a heavenly tribulation, even when it is the weakest -- the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation.

“I won’t let anyone disturb you no matter what.” The look in Qin Yu’s eyes becomes even swifter and fiercer.

“Everybody, the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation is a minor heavenly tribulation. There’ll be 4 bolts of lightning striking down in total. During this period of time, all of us must stop anyone from disturbing Mister Ying. Moreover ... don’t even dream about helping Mister Ying resist the thunderbolts. A heavenly tribulation is meant only for the person who has to go through it. If any of you tries to help Mister Ying resist the tribulation, he won’t get any help and, even worse, the thunderbolts will punish him.” Fengyuzi orders everyone.

As Fengyuzi has previous experience with the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, the people present immediately memorize what he said.

“Brother Feng, all of you please don’t get too uptight. Only a few people know that I chose the Green Lotus mountain range for my tribulation. No one will necessarily disturb me.” Qin De opens his eyes and says smilingly. Even though the heavenly tribulation is coming, he is still talking cheerfully and humorously.

Suddenly --

Fierce winds blow, sweeping across the ground and the sky, scattering the clouds. Within several hundred li of the valley, all of the clouds in the air have been blown elsewhere in a short while. At the same time, the color of the sky above the valley gradually changes and turns into dark red.

“The heavenly tribulation is arriving!” shouts Fengyuzi immediately. Everyone becomes nervous at once. Qin Yu even feels as if his heart is about to jump out of his chest.

The dark red sky seems to be gathering over everyone’s head, which puts them under great pressure. It then starts to rotate, rotating nonstop like a maelstrom in the ocean. Various purple thunderbolts appear in the dark red sky, as if created out of thin air. They then get absorbed by that huge maelstrom.

The maelstrom spins faster and faster. The holy energy within several hundred li of it has become totally chaotic. Various huge serpentine electrical sparks are zigzagging in the maelstrom. After some time, the maelstrom gradually slows down. It eventually stops rotating and turns into a purple tribulation cloud.

The dark red sky, the purple tribulation cloud, and the serpentine electrical sparks in the cloud,

Everyone in the valley looks into the sky, including Qin Yu. Seeing the heavenly might making its appearance in such a terrifying manner, Qin Yu feels as if a rock has been put on his heart and finds it difficult to breathe. He clenches his teeth and glances at his father with fierce, glittering eyes.

“Father, you must succeed!”

Qin Yu is hoping in his heart.

Boom!

Suddenly there is a great crash of thunder. A purple thunderbolt which looks like a sinuous dragon strikes down at Qin De in the center of the valley. Everyone present knows that the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation has 4 thunderbolts in total and each is more formidable than the previous. When even the 1st thunderbolt is already so imposing, it can be imagined how terrifying the heavenly tribulation is.

“Up!”

Qin De stands up in the center of the Reverse 8 Diagrams formation and starts it off. Various beams of light begins to move around the edge of the Reverse 8 Diagrams formation nonstop then turn into a cover of energy on its edge, protecting Qin De’s entire body thoroughly.

Even though the energy cover uses the holy energy of the natural huge 8 Diagrams formation, only after the Reverse 8 Diagrams formation absorbed holy energy for 3 whole days and became filled could it be formed. The power of the energy cover, therefore, is indeed strong.

Boom!

The purple thunderbolt strikes upon that green energy cover. The green holy energy of the Reverse 8 Diagrams formation hurriedly circulates. The energy cover also trembles for a short time but it has just really withstood the 1st thunderbolt. Seeing this scene, Qin Yu secretly feels relieved.

“This natural 8 Diagrams formation is really strong enough. The 8 Diagrams restrictive energy cover it created was even able to withstand the 1st thunderbolt without breaking apart.” Fengyuzi has a faint happy expression on his face.

......

Not far from the valley at the moment, Wu De and Wu Xing are standing on their flying swords respectively, bringing along 2 old men each.

“Martial brother, that Qin De unexpectedly overcame the 1st thunderbolt. Also, we even let him find a natural 8 Diagrams formation. What rotten luck!” Wu Xing says with a cold laugh.

Wu De says in an unconcerned manner: “There’s no need to worry. Each of the 4 thunderbolts of the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation is more dangerous than the previous. The 1st thunderbolt was merely an appetizer. It’ll be hard for Qin De to overcome all of them. Moreover, even if he overcame the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, he would be seriously injured. At that time, with our power, it’d be easy to kill him.”

Generally, after overcoming a tribulation, the practitioner’s body will be badly damaged. How can a badly injured early-phase Jindan-stage novice possibly be a match for middle-phase Jindan-stage Wu Xing and late-phase Jindan-stage Wu De?

“Shangxian, could we spring into action right now?” The leader of the 4 old men asks respectfully at once. In the Xiang clan, these 4 old men are called Four Directions Death Gods. Their respective code names are East, South, West and North. And they have been granted the royal surname Xiang.

Hearing that, Wu De slightly nods: “Martial younger brother, the 2nd thunderbolt is charging now. Once it strikes down, their attention will surely be distracted by that scene. At that time, we’ll attack like lightning and destroy them at one stroke!”

“Yes, martial brother.” Wu Xing becomes excited as well.

......

The purple tribulation cloud continuously rolls. It sends out one strong force after another, frightening everyone in the valley. The 2nd thunderbolt will obviously be much more powerful.

“Hah!”

Qin De utters a series of low shouts. At the same time, a dragon-like body-protecting energy appears on the surface of his body. To be exact, this body-protecting energy, which seems almost materialized, is none other than the body-protecting technique of the Shi Huang Ancestral Dragon Art at the peak of the Xiantian level.

Concurrently with that, a dark red long sword appears in Qin De’s hand. It is exactly a middle-grade holy weapon and also Qin De’s trump card to overcome the tribulation.

Qin Yu is focusing most of his attention on his father. Fengyuzi, Elder Blue-clad and the others are also watching Qin De take on the tribulation attentively. No one even dares to breathe heavily so the atmosphere is very tense. Suddenly the air shudders.

Boom!

Another purple thunderbolt strikes down extremely fast from the sky. This thunderbolt is even thicker and radiates a more dazzling purple light than the the 1st one. It almost reaches Qin De in an instant. Qin Yu and the others become nervous. However, at this moment --

“Enemy’s raiding!”

Fengyuzi’s voice suddenly rises in the ears of the other 13 people. Qin Yu and the others are startled. Fengyuzi did not shout because he feared he would alarm Qin De, so he could only use controlled sound transference. At the same time, he makes signs with both hands. The entire natural 8 Diagrams formation in the valley is activated. Various streams of elemental energy start to run throughout the whole formation.

“Ha-ha, Fengyuzi, you think this kind of formation can block me and my martial brother? Are you dreaming?” White-browed Wu Xing says with a loud laugh as he comes down from the sky on his huge flying sword, bringing along 2 old men at his back. On his side, fluttering-long-haired Wu De also dives down standing on his flying sword with 2 old men behind him.

“2 Xiuzhenists.” Qin Yu is shocked. Then he clenches his teeth and stares at those 2 Shangxian with blazing eyes. “I’ll put my neck on the line. I won’t let them disturb father during his tribulation no matter what.”

End of b3c20.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 21
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C21: The battle of the tribulation (2)

At the same time --

Boom!

The 2nd thunderbolt strikes upon the 8 Diagrams protective cover with a terrifying force. Immediately, the protective cover starts to shake as if it is a water surface. The force of the thunderbolt and the energy of the protective cover continuously cancel out each other. Concurrently with that, various written talismans rise to the surface of the protective cover from within.

“No good.” At the moment, Qin Yu activates his holy sense, and he is also partly paying attention to his father, so he can feel clearly that the energy of the protective cover is weakening extremely fast.

The 8 Diagrams protective cover suddenly breaks apart. At the same time, those written talismans on its surface also disappear. However, even though the protective cover created by the 8 Diagrams formations have been shattered, luckily, the 2nd thunderbolt’s energy has also been drained away.

“Qin De, you’re very lucky to have found this natural 8 Diagrams formation and neutralized 2 thunderbolts with it. Too bad, each of the 4 thunderbolts of the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation is more dangerous than the previous. The last 2 thunderbolts will be very different from the first ones!” Wu Xing’s white brows are so long they touch his temples, but he looks swift and fierce.

“Martial younger brother, don’t waste time. Let’s roll!” Wu De gives an order.

“Yes, martial brother. The 4 of you kill all of those Xiantian experts. I myself can handle Fengyuzi.” Wu Xing’s eyes flash with savagery. The 4 old men look at each other then nod. They instantly jump down from the flying swords and charge toward the inside of the 8 Diagrams formation.

The 4 old men, who are all dressed in gray, are very powerful as well.

“Be careful, this formation contains illusions. Let’s kill them with eyes closed.” As soon as East Xiang enters the formation he knows there is something wrong, so he immediately shouts loudly.

“Yes, big brother!” The other 3 old men accept his order at once. At their current level, it will not matter even if they have to fight their enemies with eyes closed. Their holy senses have not been developed yet, but they are capable of vague extra-sensory perception. Moreover, they can also locate anyone in their vicinity through hearing.

The 4 people all close their eyes and stay motionless in the formation.

“4 peak Xiantian experts, this is pretty troublesome.” Fengyuzi thinks like a flash. In an instant, he orders: “Ge Min, you’ll lead the 5 Elements Commanders to deal with Wu Xing. I’ll handle Wu De. As for the other 4 old men, the rest will handle them!”

At this moment, the tribulation cloud starts to roll again. A rumble of thunder rises in the sky. The cloud is gathering electricity. As the thunderbolts become more powerful in order of appearance, it takes longer to charge them in order of appearance as well. Qin De’s entire energy and mind have been focused on dealing with the heavenly tribulation so he simply does not notice that a great battle is starting.

“Ha-ha ...” Wu De laughs out loud then stares at Fengyuzi and says: “Humph, Fengyuzi, a middle-phase Jindan-stage weakling like you will attempt to fight me?” Having heard what Fengyuzi said just now, he has naturally become furious. He is a late Jindan-stage expert while Fengyuzi is only at the middle phase of the Jindan stage so there is a huge difference in power between them.

“Fengyuzi, you even sent some Xiantian experts to deal with me? Ha-ha ...” Wu Xing is so infuriated that he bursts out laughing. In his eyes, Xiantian experts simply cannot even break his defense, so naturally he feels humiliated by Fengyuzi making such an arrangement.

Fengyuzi gives a cold laugh but says nothing. The fact that he possesses a middle-grade holy weapon is a secret. A middle-grade holy weapon is several times more powerful than a low-grade one. A spear-wielding kid can kill a knife-wielding adult -- this is the benefit of having a better weapon.

“Kill!” Wu De and Wu Xing suddenly shout.

Like a flash, Wu De charges directly at Fengyuzi on his flying sword. Wu Xing also comes into the large formation standing on his flying sword. Even though there are illusions in this formation, Wu De and Wu Xing directly use their holy senses to observe so they simply ignore the effects of an elementary formation like this one.

This natural 8-Diagrams formation merely makes use of the natural geography of the valley to create some simple illusions therefore nothing in it can escape the observation of the holy sense. Real top-class illusive formations can even affect the holy sense, but it is regrettable that Fengyuzi has not reached a level in power where he can use them yet.

“Ah!”

After a series of explosions, a miserable cry rises and blood splatters everywhere. A man falls on the ground with a loud sound and dies on the spot. All the other people are stupefied. Even Wu De and the other Xiuzhenists also pay some attention to that at once.

West Xiang, the 3rd old man of the Four Directions Death Gods sent by the Xiang clan, has unexpectedly been killed by someone right after he came forward.

“3rd younger brother!”

“3rd younger brother!”

......

East Xiang and the other 2 old men instantly become furious. The 4 of them have been with each other for over 100 years and had a deep affection for each other. Their brotherhood is even closer than that of blood brothers. A special telepathy has even developed between them. When the 3rd old men died just now, the other 3 could immediately sense that he was dead. Today the 3rd among them has died but, due to being affected by the illusions, they simply do not know who killed him.

“That was awesome, Mister Liu Xing!” Elder Blue-clad transfers his voice confidentially into Qin Yu’s ears.

Qin Yu smiles coldly.

Locating through hearing? What if they cannot hear any sounds?

Just now Qin Yu used his body-maneuvering skill and did not create any wind sounds. Even though the Xiang clan’s Four Directions Death Gods are peak Xiantian experts and somewhat capable of extra-sensory perception, but because Qin Yu has always been holding back his aura, West Xiang and his brothers have been unable to sense his aura.

If a person is to hold back his aura completely, he must not channel his internal energy. In this way, it will be impossible for other people to sense his aura.

However, during a battle, everyone uses Xiantian energy or elemental energy, so how can anyone possibly hold back their aura? But Qin Yu can, because just now he did not use his purple Xiantian energy at all and only relied on his physical power.

East Xiang and his 2 brothers are extremely shocked. At the moment they simply cannot see anyone because of the illusions whereas all of the people on Qin De’s side are not affected by the formation. The death of West Xiang just now has frightened them.

“Disturb father during his tribulation, die!” Qin Yu transfers his voice confidentially into South Xiang’s ears directly.

South Xiang is shocked at once: “Father?” Before this South Xiang can understand what it means, a punch suddenly smashes on the left side of his chest. His heart is immediately pulverized as if he has been hit by a huge sledgehammer in the chest. He falls on the ground and dies instantly with eyes popping.

“2nd younger brother!” cries East Xiang mournfully.

“2nd brother!” cries North Xiang hurriedly as well. “Who’s that? Come out and fight me openly!” He has become extremely furious because 2 of his brothers have been killed in only a short while.

“That brat is really troublesome. His movements don’t cause any wind sounds and he doesn’t give off any aura.” Wu Xing’s holy sense locks onto Qin Yu. He immediately shouts: “Brat, prepare to die.”

Qin Yu takes a look at Wu Xing. He is slightly startled in his heart.

“Should I use the Flaming Sword and Flaming Gloves?” He starts to consider.

A Xiuzhenist’s offense is too powerful so he must rely on his middle-grade holy weapons, the Flaming Sword and Flaming Gloves, at crucial moments. Without using the middle-grade holy weapons, he will simply have no chance of winning. But once he uses them, his identity will probably be revealed.

“5 Elements Commanders, get in formation!” Ge Min’s voice rises at the same time.

The 5 late-phase Xiantian experts of the Secret Arrow immediately stand in front of Qin Yu. If Wu Xing wants to kill Qin Yu, he will have to kill all the 5 of them first. Wu Xing sneers hideously: “Only some insects who want to die. Don’t blame me for having no mercy.” As he finishes saying, he points at his flying sword. The sword immediately shoots at one of them.

Concurrently with that, late-phase Jindan-stage Wu De and middle-phase Jindan-stage Fengyuzi also clash forcefully at last --

Boom!

A terrifying noise is heard. 2 swords, one being flaming red and the other being golden, clash head-on with full force. There is a smile on Wu De’s face. His power is far superior to Fengyuzi’s so he likes clashing head-on the most.

After the violent collision, Wu De’s face instantly goes pale. A little blood trickles out of the corners of his mouth. At the same time he looks at Fengyuzi in disbelief: “Your, your flying sword ...”

Fengyuzi’s face is also pale, but his eyes are shining brightly. He says with a cold laugh: “Wu De, today I’ll let you know how great the difference between a low-grade holy weapon and a middle-grade one is!” At the moment, Fengyuzi is high-spirited and vigorous.

Xiuzhenists’ offense is dependent on their holy weapons. He and Wu De use flying swords so their offensive forces are determined by the flying swords.

Bang!

A dark red short knife appears in a hand of each of the Secret Arrow’s 5 Elements Commanders. They block the flying sword directly with the knives. At the same time, their bodies make a shake to neutralize the impact force. While Wu Xing is startled by this, the 5 Elements Commanders instantly surround him and attack him together using the short knives.

Seeing the 5 middle-grade holy weapons coming at him together, Wu Xing is shocked: “Middle-grade holy weapons! My goodness! There’re so many middle-grade holy weapons!” He simply does not dare to block them with his body-protecting elemental energy because the offensive force of middle-grade holy weapons is simply not something that body-protecting elemental energy can withstand. Moreover, he only has one flying sword so he can only kill 1 opponent in an instant at most whereas there are 5 of them.

Whizz!

Wu Xing steps on his flying sword then flies into the sky immediately. He can only exploit the 5 Elements Commanders’ incapability of flight.

Wu Xing’s and Wu De’s eyes are blazing. These are middle-grade holy weapons, no less! Even in the Overseas Immortal Islands, with their current power levels, they will not be able to obtain such priceless treasures. Now, seeing so many middle-grade holy weapons, they have become excited.

“Martial younger brother!”

“Martial brother!”

Wu Xing and Wu De seem to use controlled sound transference to talk to each other at the same time. They both understand what the other is thinking.

They must risk their lives!

Even if they are seriously injured, they must obtain these middle-grade holy weapons!

Wu Xing and Wu De have been fooling around since the beginning but now they have become ruthless. They even think it is worth getting badly injured to obtain the middle-grade holy weapons. Once these 2 Xiuzhenists are determined to risk their lives, their offense will not be the same as it was just now.

“Bang!” Wu De makes a pointing movement with a finger. His flying sword becomes a huge sword and cuts the base of the formation into pieces in an instant. At the same time, the flying sword sends out several huge streams of sword air, wrecking the walls of the valley with a loud noise. Now the entire natural 8 Diagrams formation has been destroyed so the illusions have disappeared completely as well.

“The illusions have been destroyed. Let’s avenge your brothers’ deaths. That black-clad brat is the killer.” Wu De shouts loudly.

East Xiang and North Xiang open their eyes wide at once and cast a look at Qin Yu.

Boom!

A dragon-like purple thunderbolt shoots down from the 9th level of the sky, sending a repressing force through the air to everyone. It strikes down directly at Qin De in the center of the valley. This is the 3rd thunderbolt and, even worse, now Qin De is not protected by the protective cover anymore and has to rely on himself.

“Father!” Qin Yu focuses part of his attention on Qin De.

“Die!” With completely red eyes, East Xiang and North Xiang unleash their entire internal energy and explosively attack Qin Yu with their most powerful strikes.

End of b3c21.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 22
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C22: The battle of the tribulation (3)

Seeing 2 enemies coming at him, Qin Yu slightly narrows his eyes, which then glitter with coldness. Suddenly, he slightly raises the corners of his mouth and, simultaneously, like the wind ... he runs directly to another place extremely fast. Who would have thought that at this moment Qin Yu would flee from the battle and, moreover, he would run extremely fast toward the end of the valley? East Xiang and North Xiang become infuriated at once.

“Don’t run!”

2 brothers of theirs have been killed so East Xiang and North Xiang hate Qin Yu’s guts. Uttering 2 furious shouts, the 2 of them chase after Qin Yu.

“Father, you must succeed!” The reason Qin Yu is fleeing from the battle is that at the moment he simply cannot fight with his entire concentration. Because the 3rd thunderbolt has struck down, he is moving extremely fast while paying close attention to Qin De using his holy sense.

A dragon-shaped mass of energy is revolving around the outside of Qin De’s body. His hand is holding a middle-grade holy-class dark red long sword. A middle-grade holy weapon is extremely powerful. In the past Fengyuzi was able to overcome his 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation using just a low-grade holy weapon. Of course, at that time he achieved this with the help of his school of Xiuzhen.

Qin De raises his head and looks at the purple thunderbolt. The dark red long sword in his hand radiates various dazzling rays of light.

“Boom!” The thunderbolt strikes down at his head!

“Hah!” Qin De lifts the dark red long sword to resist it. At the same time, he channels one Xiantian energy stream after another into the dark red long sword.

The purple thunderbolt strikes upon the long sword. The dark red long sword trembles continuously but, because a middle-grade holy weapon is extremely hard, not even the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation’s 3rd thunderbolt can break it. In just a short while, the purple thunderbolt disappears, leaving only several serpentine electrical sparks running along the dark red long sword.

Qin De’s face has turned slightly pale.

“Ha-ha ... with this middle-grade holy weapon, it’s really much easier to go through the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation.” At this moment, Qin De starts to feel very confident. He is totally certain that he will also withstand the last thunderbolt. The energy inside Qin De’s body then surges forth and the energy on his sword unexpectedly becomes even more dazzlingly incandescent.

Qin Yu’s tense heart feels relieved.

His father has finally overcome the 3rd thunderbolt safely.

“Bastard, don’t run if you’ve got skills!” East Xiang and North Xiang feel as if their eyes’ corners are about to crack. They have been chasing after Qin Yu nonstop, but in terms of body-maneuvering skills, Qin Yu, who has taken off the weights on his body, has already outstripped peak Xiantian experts.

“Ha-ha ... Taste my fists, 2 clowns!” Qin Yu, who has been running extremely fast, unexpectedly turns around all of a sudden and throws 2 punches at the 2 of them with both fists, which seem as if they are 2 swimming dragons coming out of water.

East Xiang’s and North Xiang’s internal energy has already surged to their utmost early on. Seeing Qin Yu unexpectedly stop running, they rejoice at once. Each of them concentrates his internal energy and throws a punch at Qin Yu. As they both have been practicing for over 100 years, how powerful will their offense be when they join forces?

Qin Yu’s 2 fists collide with East Xiang’s and North Xiang’s fists respectively.

Bang!

The violent collisions even create a faint, visible shock wave in the air.

Qin Yu’s body immediately flies up. At the same time, his whole body’s muscles vibrate for a short while. Thanks to his great control of the body alone, Qin Yu can already neutralize more than half of East Xiang and North Xiang’s fierce offensive force. Given Qin Yu’s body, the remainder of the force simply can do nothing to him.

East Xiang and North Xiang exchange a look. Their eyes are filled with a bloodthirsty excitement.

They can feel that the enemy before them is powerful. However, judging from the exchange of blows just now, they know the enemy can only deal with one of them at a time, and once they join forces, he will not be a match for them.

“Kill!”

East Xiang and North Xiang charge at Qin Yu like lightning with immense savagery.

Qin Yu, however, gives a cold laugh. Having practiced the 3rd Trans-Heaven diagram, not only does he possess the purple Xiantian energy now, the purple Xiantian energy has also transformed his body once again. His body’s defense has already reached a level where he is unafraid of black iron weapons in general. During the exchange of blows just now, he only used his physical power.

Qin Yu’s body makes a swaying movement and bypasses the 2 of them easily like a clear wind.

“Grand elder, all of you handle that Xiuzhenist. I can deal with these 2 geezers myself.” His voice resounds through the entire valley.

Hearing that, Elder Blue-clad immediately says with a ha-ha laugh: “Mister Liu Xing, those Four Directions Death Gods are very famous but you’ve killed 2 of them. If you’re interested in the remaining 2 then we’ll leave them to you. Boys, form the Double Illusive 5 Elements formation.”

After Elder Blue-clad shouts loudly, the 5 assassins of the Heavenly Net and the 5 experts of the Secret Arrow unexpectedly pair up with 2 people of a pair staying close to each other.

The 5 Secret Arrow experts have middle-grade holy weapons but the 5 Heavenly Net assassins do not. However, this so-called Double Illusive 5 Elements formation was created by improving the bases of the 5 Elements formation, and therefore, even though 10 people are surrounding Wu Xing, only 5 of them will exchange blows with him at a time.

The 5 Heavenly Net assassins and the 5 Secret Arrow experts attack in turn, alternating 3 Secret Arrow experts and 2 Heavenly Net assassins attacking at the same time with 2 Secret Arrow experts and 3 Heavenly Net assassins attacking at the same time.

In short, there are always 5 people attacking at any time.

“Ah ~~~ so many middle-grade holy weapons!” Wu Xing is extremely furious. He can only rely on his holy sense and his extremely fast body-maneuvering skill to flash around nonstop. What infuriates him the most is that these 10 people simply do not fear death. Even if they get killed, they will still try to stab him in vital points with their middle-grade holy weapons.

Now,

The battle in the valley has been divided into 3 fights. One is Qin Yu versus East Xiang and North Xiang.

Another is Xiuzhenist Wu Xing versus 5 Secret Arrow experts in addition to 5 Heavenly Net experts.

The last one is between middle-grade-holy-weapon-wielding Fengyuzi and low-grade-holy-weapon-wielding Wu De. This 3rd fight, however, is the most devastating one. As Fengyuzi and Wu De battles each other, they cause loud explosions continuously, smash rocks and break down the rocky cliffs.

At the moment, Elder Blue-clad and Ge Min are not far from Xiuzhenist Wu Xing and are ready for a sneak attack.

“2 old geezers, prepare ... to die!” says Qin Yu with a cold laugh.

“Shameless blowhard!” East Xiang gives a cold laugh. He and North Xiang charge at Qin Yu side by side like 2 beams of light.

Suddenly someone shouts loudly --

“Mister Liu Xing, I’m helping you now!” Ge Min rushes directly towards North Xiang like lightning. To avoid getting attacked from behind, East Xiang and North Xiang instantly split up. Holding his weapon in his hand North Xiang faces Ge Min off directly while East Xiang continues to come at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu slightly frowns. Is Ge Min not being too meddlesome? However, he has come to help so Qin Yu cannot say anything.

Qin Yu reaches out his hand, forms a claw and channels his purple Xiantian energy. All of a sudden, Qin Yu’s right hand, which has become lustrous and transparent like jade, tears through the air, grabbing at East Xiang. Seeing Qin Yu’s jade-like right hand, East Xiang immediately knows that he is in trouble.

“This brat was hiding his power just now!” East Xiang’s eyes pop out of his head.

But it is already too late.

Like a flash, Qin Yu’s right hand comes close to East Xiang’s front in an instant. It follows a changing indeterminate path of movement but causes no wind sounds.

“Clack!” A series of noises of bones shattering is heard. Qin Yu’s right hand, whose path of movement is changing and indeterminate, has unexpectedly gone around East Xiang’s right hand and directly grabbed his right wrist to pieces. East Xiang only sees a purple illusion before he feels an acute pain in his wrist. At the same time ---

His consciousness gradually vanishes away.

Just now, in only a moment, not only did Qin Yu continuously break East Xiang’s right wrist to pieces, he also pierced a hole in East Xiang’s throat directly using a finger strike. His speed was extremely fast so even East Xiang could only see a purple illusion.

“Indeed, this purple Xiantian energy is very profound. Not only can it leave my body to attack like the ordinary Xiantian energy, it can also fuse with my muscles and body parts, increasing my speed once again.” At this moment, there is a hint of excitement on Qin Yu’s face.

“Ah!”

There are a miserable cry and a strangled groan.

North Xiang has fallen on the ground with a miserable cry whereas Ge Min has been seriously injured and sent flying powerlessly. Ge Min’s body shoots up in the air uncontrollably then falls down. Very coincidentally, he falls precisely towards Qin De’s location. However, at this moment Qin De is preparing to take on the last thunderbolt.

The tribulation cloud is rolling violently, looking shockingly powerful and causing an area of astonishingly high pressure under it. Obviously the 4th thunderbolt will strike down soon.

“Manager Ge!” Seeing that Ge Min has been seriously injured, Qin De cannot help getting concerned. He reaches out his hands to pull Ge Min’s fallen body up.

“Your Highness, I’m ... alright.” Ge Min says to Qin De with a shake of the head. At the moment, his face is very pale and his breathing is weak.

Suddenly --

Bang!

Qin De’s face suddenly turns very pale. He spits out a mouthful of blood as if it is worthless water. The other people are all shocked by this scene.

It turns out Ge Min has hit Qin De in the stomach with a heavy palm strike.

“Ha-ha ... Qin De, how are you going to escape death this time?!” Ge Min’s body gets away like a flash. His face is full of excitement. At the same moment, North Xiang, who fell on the ground with a miserable cry earlier, also stands up. Now he is extremely excited as well.

“Ha-ha, after 100 years of infiltration, today you’ve really done a great work.” North Xiang says with a loud ha-ha laugh.

Seeing this scene, Qin Yu becomes utterly nervous: “Father!” He wants to shout out but cannot so he has no choice but to worry about his father in his heart. At the same time he looks at Ge Min and North Xiang. His eyes are filled with killing intent.

“Ge Min, you dirty dog!” Elder Blue-clad also yells furiously.

Qin De looks at Ge Min but he only gives a disappointed smile: “Ge Min, only a few people know that I chose the Green Lotus mountain range to undergo my tribulation this time but Xiang Guang still got wind of this and even sent 2 Shangxian to this place. At that time I already suspected treachery.”

“However, the people who know about this -- you, Blue-clad, Xu Yuan and the other -- were the people I trust the most. I couldn’t believe any of you was a traitor. But ...” Qin De heaves a sigh.

Suddenly, there are various series of explosions in the tribulation cloud in the dark red sky. The atmospheric pressure in the valley instantly increases to a whole new level as if the air is being pressed on by something. Everyone present knows that the 4th thunderbolt is about to strike down.

However, now ... Qin De has already been badly injured.

End of b3c22.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 23
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C23: Death (1)

Even though the 4th thunderbolt is about to strike down, Qin Yu can see that Qin De has not even wiped the blood off his mouth yet. Seeing his father’s pale face, the blood in his entire body starts to boil and his eyes gradually redden.

A violent killing intent continuously whirls about in the bottom of his heart.

After accepting this mission, when he discovered that the object of the mission was to protect his father just as he had guessed, he was so delighted and made a resolution to protect his father from any troubles no matter what from the bottom of his heart.

However, at the moment ...

“Father is seriously injured but the most formidable, the 4th thunderbolt is about to strike down. What should I do? What should I do?!!!” Qin Yu is extremely anxious in his heart. He is racked with guilt. A person’s chance of overcoming the 4th thunderbolt right after getting badly injured is too low, but he cannot receive any help. “It’s my fault. If I had killed North Xiang a bit earlier, Ge Min would’ve had no chance to approach father with a fake serious injury!”

Even though it is not Qin Yu’s fault, he blames himself a lot in his heart. He made a resolution to defend his father from troubles but now his father has been badly wounded by an enemy.

“They must die, all of them!!!” Qin Yu’s eyes glance at North Xiang and Ge Min, flashing with killing intent.

He clenches his fists. The purple Xiantian energy in his body starts to surge and continuously fuse with his entire body. After absorbing this Xiantian energy, his vigorous body looks as if it is entirely made of purple jade. He then violently bursts forth the purple Xiantian energy to the utmost. His body is completely covered in a purple light at once.

Whizz!

An insanely sharp whistle rises. A purple silhouette charges directly at North Xiang. Even though North Xiang only sees a purple silhouette, upon feeling its aura, he finds out that this purple silhouette is none other than Qin Yu, the killer of his 3 brothers.

There is, however, madness in North Xiang’s eyes. He thinks the mission has been accomplished and does not believe a badly injured Qin De will be able to survive the 4th thunderbolt. His 3 brothers have died so even if he escapes alive he will have to live in agony.

“Let’s die together!”

Seeing Qin Yu coming at him, North Xiang utters a wild roar and utilizes the Xiantian energy in his body according to the last, suicide special skill of the Conqueror’s Heaven Opposing Art. In an instant, his raging Xiantian energy completely explodes. The entire energy inside peak Xiantian expert North Xiang explodes instantly like a bomb but Qin Yu still collides with North Xiang’s body fiercely like a meteor.

As easy as smashing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood!

“Die!”

Qin Yu clenches his teeth. He simply does not use a punch or kick. Rather, he unleashes his power to the utmost. The purple Xiantian energy fuses with his body then forms a body-protecting layer of energy around him. Right afterwards, he smashes himself into North Xiang at his fastest speed like a meteor.

He wants to smash into North Xiang to the death.

Boom!

The moment North Xiang collides with Qin Yu, his entire body explodes. His flesh and bone fragments scatter all over the place. His blood even splatters all over the sky. However, Qin Yu’s entire body instantly passes through North Xiang’s body like a purple meteor.

The other people freeze with stupefaction.

Killing can also be done via collision like this?

Everyone looks at the purple silhouette of Qin Yu. In their eyes, this mysterious assassin Liu Xing’s offense is a bit too terrifying. Moreover, he was able to kill a peak Xiantian expert with only a collision of their bodies.

“Self-explode, self-explode ... too bad, my body’s strength is no longer something any of you can imagine.” A faint cold smile appears on the corners of his mouth. To be fair, North Xiang’s self-explosion in the end was really powerful. Any other Xiantian expert would definitely have been killed by it.

Unluckily for him, Qin Yu is the unprecedented Xiantian external expert, whose bodily toughness is far beyond other people’s imagination. Moreover, having continuously undergone the transformations caused by the technique of the 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams, his body alone has come close to ordinary Xian-grade weapons in hardness. And when the miraculous purple Xiantian energy fuses with his body and forms a protective layer of energy around him, not even Xian-grade weapons will be able to break his defense.

“Ge Min, you are ... unforgivable!” Qin Yu stares at Ge Min.

Being given a stare by Qin Yu, Ge Min gets goose bumps a little. He then says smilingly: “Mister Liu Xing, you’re just an assassin. Why are you risking your life for Qin De? Your mission’s reward is only a high Xian-grade weapon, isn’t it? If you help me deal with them, His Majesty will reward you with even more.”

Boom!

A terrifyingly thunderous noise is heard. The last, the 4th thunderbolt shoots out fiercely from the tribulation cloud like a huge purple dragon and strikes straight down. The other people including Qin Yu instantly stop fighting and look at Qin De.

Qin De utters a low shout. His face suddenly becomes very red.

All of a sudden, a resounding dragon cry rises from inside his body. A huge golden dragon which is made of energy and is almost materialized suddenly leaves Qin De’s body and fiercely soars into the sky on a collision course with the 4th thunderbolt.

Boom!

The huge dragon-like purple thunderbolt and the huge golden energy dragon crash together violently. A raging shock wave expands and wrecks havoc in the vicinity of the collision. In only a short while, the huge goden energy dragon disappears. However, the huge dragon-like purple thunderbolt has also been weakened by more than 50%. But the remainder of the purple thunderbolt keeps striking down.

Bang!

Qin De points the dark red long sword up into the sky and meets the purple thunderbolt with it. The thunderbolt strikes directly upon the dark red long sword, which then radiates a dazzling light. Qin De’s face suddenly goes pale. His body gets a violent shock. In just a short while, the energy of the thunderbolt unexpectedly dissipates.

Qin De then lies motionless on the ground because of weariness.

“Succeeded?” Qin Yu freezes with stupefaction. Seeing this scene, anyone can understand what it means.

Qin De has succeeded. Relying on the natural 8 Diagrams formation and his middle-grade holy long sword, Qin De has still overcome the tribulation despite his serious injury. However, because he is lying wearily on the ground at the moment, it is obvious that his injury is extremely serious.

In the sky, the tribulation cloud gradually dissipates. The dark red sky also changes back to the starry sky as before. A myriad of stars appear all over the sky before everyone’s eyes.

Qin Yu’s heart is filled with an extreme happiness. Even though his father is seriously injured, all that matters is that he has overcome the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. With the help of the Qin clan’s treasures, this injury will recover very fast. And Qin De will form his Jindan very fast to become a Xiuzhenist as well.

“Ge Min!” Qin Yu looks at Ge Min. His eyes are full of killing intent.

Ge Min, however, slightly frowns and looks at Qin De: “I never thought, never thought that he’d practice the Ancestral Dragon Art to the highest level like Shi Huang before. Even if he didn’t have the middle-grade holy weapon, I think he would still have been able to overcome the heavenly tribulation.”

Suddenly, Ge Min trembles because he feels someone’s killing intent not far from him. He immediately takes a look. It is none other than Qin Yu.

Thinking about how Qin Yu killed the Four Directions Death Gods just now, Ge Min of course knows that he himself is not a match for him. He resents secretly: “If I had a middle-grade holy weapon, how could I possibly fear this assassin Liu Xing? When Qin De used In-rock Flaming iron to forge middle-grade holy weapons at that time, because the material was limited, he forged a battle knife for Lian Yan and a long sword for himself. The remainder was used to forge 5 short knives, which were given to 5 Secret Arrow subordinates to organize a battle formation. Not even I, Blue-clad and the others have middle-grade holy weapons.”

There was only that much In-rock Flaming iron originally. At first, Fengyuzi used one fifth to forge a short sword and a pair of gloves for Qin Yu and a flying sword for himself. Qin De’s own long sword and Lian Yan’s battle knife each used another fifth. The 5 short knives used the last 2 fifths.

Blue-clad, Ge Min and the other people were not allocated any middle-grade holy weapons. Even though Lian Yan later died, the middle-grade holy weapon he left behind was eventually given to Qin Feng by Qin De.

“Ha-ha ... I’m such a fool, I’m such a fool ... Qin De, prepare to die. But I have to thank you for giving me middle-grade holy weapons!” Wu Xing, who is being jointly attacked by 5 Secret Arrow experts and 5 Heavenly Net experts, suddenly turns his face skyward and laughs out loud like crazy. He seems to have come up with a way to deal with these 10 audacious experts.

End of b3c23.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 3 24
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B3C24: Death (2)

Wu Xing, who is under joint attack from 5 Heavenly Net experts and 5 Secret Arrow experts, suddenly becomes extremely arrogant and wild.

“10 insects, die!”

His eyes suddenly flash with coldness. Various streams of elemental energy as thick as an arm shoot out directly from his body and drift away in all directions like 10 wandering green dragons. Moreover, they simply do not attack the 10 people who are surrounding him, astounding them greatly.

The 10 streams of elemental energy spread out within 10 plus m of Wu Xing. The 10 experts are all in this area.

Suddenly Wu Xing’s expression becomes ferocious. He shouts madly: “Explode! Explode! Explode!!!”

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! ......

Along with Wu Xing’s loud shouts, a series of explosions resounds continuously. Those streams of elemental energy have completely exploded. Even though the 10 late phase Xiantian experts are powerful, they cannot withstand such intense explosions of those elemental energy streams.

Miserable cries rise, severed limbs scatter, and blood splatters into the air ...

In an instant, the 10 experts who were troubling Wu Xing just now have been killed just like that. Detonation of elemental energy -- Wu Xing has never used this method of attack because even though the explosion of elemental energy is rather powerful, its level of damage is basically insufficient to break the elemental-energy-based defense of a Xiuzhenist.

Xiuzhenists do not use this weak kind of attack. They all use flying swords and will concentrate their elemental energy in the swords to send forth their most powerful attacks through the formations on the swords.

Just now, when Wu Xing saw North Xiang’s self-explosion he had a sudden flash of inspiration, and then he also caused explosions using the elemental energy in his body. Elemental energy is superior to Xiantian energy by a whole level so the explosions caused by Wu Xing are absolutely much more destructive than North Xiang’s self-explosion. Even though these explosions would not be a threat to Xiuzhenists, they were enough for him to handle Xiantian experts.

Indeed, the 10 experts have been blown up to pieces, leaving not even one unimpaired body. The 5 middle-grade holy weapons, however, appear on the ground. 3 beams of light suddenly shoot toward them.

One is Qin Yu, another is Elder Blue-clad and the other is Fengyuzi. They all want to snatch these 5 middle-grade holy short knives.

“Martial younger brother, quick!” Wu De transfers his voice confidentially into Wu Xing’s ears. A flying sword then shoots at Fengyuzi extremely fast. Fengyuzi blocks it with his flying sword. The 2 top experts tangle with each other again, causing series after series of violent collisions.

“Scram!”

Wu Xing shouts loudly and waves his sleeves nonstop. The 5 middle-grade holy weapons are sucked into his hands directly by his telekinesis then they are taken in by his storage bracelet. The 2 beams of light that are charging at the knives, however, are repulsed by his surging elemental energy.

Qin Yu’s body shakes continuously to neutralize that powerful force.

By contrast, Elder Blue-clad’s body flies backward. Blood trickles out of the corners of his mouth.

“Mortals like you also want to snatch middle-grade holy weapons? Only in your dreams!” Wu Xing looks at Qin Yu and Elder Blue-clad disdainfully. Xiuzhenists have surpassed ordinary mortals in many aspects so they generally view mortals with a sense of superiority and naturally look down on mortals.

“Good, martial younger brother, you did well. Ha-ha, middle-grade holy weapons!”

Wu De laughs out loud. At the same time, he fights Fengyuzi with even more excitement. “Fengyuzi, now only by relying on your middle-grade holy weapon to harass my low-grade one can you fight me evenly. Wait until I’ve familiarized myself with a middle-grade holy weapon, how are you going to fight me?!”

Boom! Boom! Boom! ...... Rocks are shattered. Rocky cliffs collapse. Explosions are heard nonstop.

Wu De says to and fights Fengyuzi at the same time. By contrast, Fengyuzi has a cold expression and remains silent. The seizure of 5 middle-grade holy weapons by the enemies is really a huge loss for his side. The 2 are fighting so fiercely that even the sky and the ground are obscured.

“Senior, I’m a man of the Xiang clan. I hope you’ll kill 3 people Qin De, Liu Xing and Elder Blue-clad.” Ge Min bows and says.

Wu Xing says with a loud ha-ha laugh: “Alright, today I’m in a good mood. Initially, I only promised Xiang Guang that I’d kill Qin De, but now I’ll slaughter the other 2 insects as well!” At the moment Wu Xing is extremely relaxed and joyful because he has obtained middle-grade holy weapons and, moreover, the only tough adversary on Qin De’s side, Xiuzhenist Fengyuzi, has already been pinned down.

Wu Xing is not worried at all. Now he can kill whoever he wants.

“Let’s take out a short knife first. I’ll concentrate on familiarizing myself with it when I return.” Now Wu Xing is extremely relaxed. In his eyes, the lives of Qin De and the others are in the palm of his hand so killing them immediately is not the most urgent thing. Instead, the most important thing to him is the middle-grade holy weapons he just obtained.

Wu Xing takes out a middle-grade holy short knife and instantly personalizes it by blood. From now on the knife is his. Generally, if a Xiuzhenist is to have real control of a holy weapon, not only will he have to personalize it by blood, he will also have to use his internal flame to familiarize himself with it. Only when both of these steps are done can he totally control the holy weapon.

However, at the moment Wu Xing has no time to waste.

It is night-time now in the valley and cold gusts of wind are blowing.

“Die!” Ge Min suddenly hears a voice in his ears. He instantly becomes terrified. However, at that moment, his entire head feels a shock -- “Bang!” Ge Min’s head explodes like a watermelon. A silhouette then appears.

Qin Yu coldly looks at Ge Min’s body.

“You ...” Just now, Wu Xing was personalizing a knife. Now, seeing this scene he cannot help getting furious. “Bastard brat, you even took advantage of the time when I was personalizing the weapon by blood to kill this geezer.” At the moment, Wu Xing is both ashamed and infuriated because, in any case, this Ge Min was a man on his side.

Qin Yu, however, talks to himself in his mind: “Be cool, be cool, Qin Yu, you must be cool!!!”

On the battlefield at the moment, Fengyuzi is being pinned down completely by Wu De. Therefore, it is really too hard for him and Elder Blue-clad to kill Wu Xing. Having obtained 5 middle-grade holy weapons, now Wu Xing has become even more powerful than he was just now.

As for Qin De, he just withstood 4 thunderbolts and is very seriously injured. He is sitting with legs crossed and eyes closed.

“There’s only 1 chance!” Qin Yu’s eyes flash with coldness.

His only choice is to use his middle-grade holy weapons -- the Flaming Sword and Flaming Gloves. The offensive forces of the middle-grade holy weapons will be enough to penetrate this Xiuzhenist’s defense, but he will have only one chance because once Wu Xing discovers that Qin Yu has middle-grade holy weapons, he will never let Qin Yu approach him.

This is also the reason why Qin Yu has not used the Flaming Sword and Flaming Gloves yet. Just now, without using any middle-grade holy weapons, his power was still sufficient to kill those several enemies.

His only trump card!

“Ha-ha ~~~ all of you die for me!” Wu Xing suddenly laughs out loud.

Qin Yu only sees a dark red beam of light shoot out. The radiance on Elder Blue-clad’s body then begins to dim. In an instant, Elder Blue-clad falls on the ground with a loud thud. He is already dead. When coming under attack from a Xiuzhenist, he, who did not have a holy weapon, was simply powerless to put up any resistance.

“I haven’t familiarized myself with this weapon but its speed alone is already a bit faster than my old flying sword. Once I’ve done familiarization, its power will ...” Wu Xing wishes in his mind and the flying knife which was just shot out flies back into his hand again immediately.

Looking at the short knife in his hand, Wu Xing is extremely excited.

“This guy is too strong. One hit, I’ll have only one chance. I can only use the Flaming Sword and Flaming Gloves when I’m close to him.” Qin Yu clenches his teeth. Despite Elder Blue-clad’s death, he does not act on impulse. He must grab his only opportunity.

Once he fails, he will be done for and his father will die as well.

No failure is allowed!

“East Vanquishing Prince Qin De, your influence in the world is extremely great. Too bad, you’ll still die at my hands.” Wu Xing is very complacent at the moment. He gently waves his hand, wanting to shoot the short knife out to kill Qin De. However, at this moment --

There are no wind sounds.

But Wu Xing’s holy sense has noticed that Qin Yu’s body is moving extremely fast and is only several tens meters away from him. In just an instant, Qin Yu comes up to his face.

Bang!

Wu Xing makes a wave of a hand. A beam of elemental energy shoots out then explodes. However, the outside of Qin Yu’s body suddenly blazes with a purple light. His entire body’s skin now looks as if it is made of a lustrous purple kind of jade. And the explosion of elemental energy unexpectedly cannot harm him.

Qin Yu chokes back the excitement in his heart and throws a punch at Wu Xing.

As Wu Xing sees Qin Yu’s fist coming at him, an idea spring to his mind: “This guy is on Qin De’s side. Maybe he is a secret trump card and also has a middle-grade holy weapon. I mustn’t take a risk no matter what.” He thinks like lightning.

“Die!”

Qin Yu’s eyes flash with fierceness. The Flaming Sword suddenly appears in his hand --

However, before his Flaming Sword appears, Wu Xing has already started to move. And by the time the Flaming Sword appears in his hand, Wu Xing has already got away 10-odd meters. As Wu Xing looks at the Flaming Sword in Qin Yu’s hand, his eyes blaze with outrage.

“Brat, you even plotted against me!” He is extremely furious. Luckily for him, at the last moment he dodged away like a flash, otherwise ... Thinking of that possibility, a retrospective fear rises in his heart. At the same time, he becomes even more furious. The elemental energy in his body suddenly streams into the middle-grade holy short knife.

A dark red beam of light then shoots at Qin Yu from Wu Xing.

Bang!

Qin Yu has no choice but to promptly block it with the Flaming Sword. The color of his face suddenly changes. He feels an extremely terrifying stream of energy transfer to him from the short knife. That energy stream, which is sharp and also forcefully destructive, attacks his body directly.

Bang!

Qin Yu is sent flying like a sandbag. Concurrently with that, blood spouts from his mouth. He then falls powerlessly on the ground with a bang.

Fengyuzi is fighting Wu De but his holy sense notices this scene. He is secretly shocked: “The Flaming Sword, it’s the Flaming Sword. This assassin Liu Xing ... Could he be Xiao Yu? No, impossible. Doesn’t Xiao Yu practice external techniques? How can he possibly have internal energy? But this assassin Liu Xing’s aura is very similar to Xiao Yu’s. Could he really be ...?”

At this moment, even though Fengyuzi is doubtful, he simply cannot get away because Wu De keeps tangling with him nonstop.

“I failed!” Qin Yu feels a pain in his heart.

He does not understand at all why at the last moment Wu Xing unexpectedly backed off just as he executed his killing blow. Could it be Wu Xing knew he was about to attack? Qin Yu simply does not understand why things turned out this way.

He feels something sweet in his throat. His blood seems to be about to gush out again. Just now, Wu Xing, who was extremely furious, obviously struck Qin Yu a fatal blow. He channeled his extremely powerful elemental energy into the short knife. Both the short knife and Qin Yu’s Flaming Sword are middle-grade holy weapons, but the short knife contained Wu Xing’s extremely powerful elemental energy. With so much elemental energy attacking via the middle-grade holy short knife, the power of the strike was, no doubt, exceedingly great. Even though they both used weapons of the same caliber, the difference in power between them was too big.

One clear stream after another comes out from the Meteoric Tear and starts to spread out through Qin Yu’s body. His injury is recovering at a terrifyingly fast speed. It is regrettable that Wu Xing already knew that he has a middle-grade holy weapon.

“Could it be Heaven wants to end my life and father’s?” Qin Yu, who is lying prone on the ground, takes a look at Qin De in the distance.

Qin De is still sitting calmly with legs crossed and eyes closed. He simply did not see what happened just now. In fact the current Qin De has no spare energy to pay attention to anything outside because a world-shaking transformation is taking place inside his body.

Having overcome the heavenly tribulation, even though he is extremely seriously injured, his entire body’s Xiantian energy has been undergoing a special transformation.

A grain of sand is a world and therefore when Qin De looks inside he finds his dantian similar to a boundless space. At the moment, various ‘water streams’ are flowing in the boundless space of the dantian. These water streams flow continuously for some time then start to merge into a sphere.

In the past, after Shi Huang overcame his heavenly tribulation, he succeeded in forming a jindan. And Qin De also knows his method of forming a jindan. Qin De immediately starts to execute that secret technique. The relatively large ‘water sphere’ formed by those ‘water streams’ suddenly decreases in volume by 50% then it becomes a bit larger again.

It shrinks then slightly enlarges.

Alternating between shrinking and enlarging like this, the water sphere continuously becomes smaller, and its color also continuously changes, slowly turning golden. After this transformation process has happened 81 times, a light golden sphere about the size of a pigeon egg appears. It is none other than a jindan.

There are also various streams of energy moving around the jindan.

“I’ve finally succeeded.” Qin De’s heart relaxes with relief. Various streams of elemental energy flow out from the energy surrounding the jindan at once and start to spread out through his entire body. Even though he has successfully formed the jindan, his internal organs were injured extremely badly just now. And it is very hard even for elemental energy to heal bodily injuries. Only now does Qin De slowly open his eyes.

As soon as his eyes are opened, he sees a shocking scene -- a dark red beam of light.

Bang!

In a merely conditional reaction, Qin De channels his elemental energy and directly controls his long sword to fiercely block this dark red beam of light. At the same time, he makes a movement with his body and gets away a long distance.

“You’ve even formed the jindan. That was very quick. Too bad, you just formed the jindan so your power is still very weak. Plus your body is seriously injured. Alas ... perhaps you’ll be the most short-lived Xiuzhenist, who is killed right after becoming a Xiuzhenist.”

Wu Xing flies into the air. He is standing on his flying sword with a face full of arrogance.

“Phew.” Qin Yu heaves a sigh. Just now, seeing Wu Xing trying to kill his father, Qin Yu was very worried but unfortunately, firstly, he was seriously injured, and secondly, his speed was much slower than the flying speed of that short knife. Luckily for him, at the last moment Qin De succeeded in forming the jindan.

Qin De is now at the early phase of the Jindan stage but his body is seriously injured. He uses a middle-grade holy long sword.

Wu Xing is currently at the middle phase of the Jindan stage with a body undamaged in any way. He uses a middle-grade holy short knife in addition to a low-grade holy flying sword.

Wu Xing also has much better control of elemental energy than Qin De does. In this fight, the 2 of them are basically not on the same level. As soon as Qin Yu thinks about this, he becomes anxious. However, his power is even weaker than his father’s.

“Want to kill me?” Qin De gives a cold laugh. By now he has already seen the situation on the battlefield.

Fengyuzi is being pinned down by Wu De, that assassin Liu Xing is badly injured and his other subordinates have all died so he can only rely on himself.

“Humph, brat, you sure are smug for a newbie Xiuzhenist. I’ll do you a favor by seeing you off!” Wu Xing gives a cold laugh then, without blabbering anymore, attacks extremely fast nonstop with his middle-grade holy short knife, making it look like a beam of light.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ......

In a moment, Qin Yu has only breathed twice but the 2 of them have already exchanged several tens blows. The intensity of their fight is even close to that of the fight between Fengyuzi and Wu De. However, Qin Yu’s face gradually changes color, since he sees clearly that blood is flowing out from the corners of his father’s mouth.

Every time they exchange a blow, Qin De’s internal injury becomes even more serious.

“Ha-ha ~~~”

Wu Xing laughs out loud savagely and attacks with even fiercerness. He can totally notice that the injury in Qin De’s body is very serious. It is very hard to recover from a serious bodily injury. As they keep fighting fiercely this way, blood flows out of Qin De’s mouth nonstop.

“Scram!” Fengyuzi has become very worried. He suddenly intensifies the strikes of his flying sword, wanting to get away to save Qin De.

“In your dreams!” Wu De laughs out loud. He channels the elemental energy in his body into his flying sword like crazy. He keeps pinning Fengyuzi down thanks to his profound elemental energy.

“Father!” Seeing that Qin De’s face has turned even paler and his injury has become even more serious, Qin Yu feels as if his heart is being bitten by 10,000 ants. He is so worried and distressed that he is short of breath. He is worried, so worried that his heart hurts and his head is even spinning.

Qin De suddenly utters a loud shout. His face becomes very red. His long sword and Wu Xing’s short knife crash into one another in the most violent collision since the beginning of the fight.

“Pu ~~”

Qin De’s blood spouts a long distance from his mouth. His body’s injury has worsened again and he falls on the ground directly. Wu Xing’s face, however, is only slightly pale. He withdraws the short knife. With his eyes full of disdain, he sneers: “Poor brat, it’s a pity you’ve just entered the Xiuzhen world!”

As he finishes saying, the short knife in his hand brightens again. Various streams of elemental energy are being channeled into it.

“Stop!” Fengyuzi also knows that the situation is not good. He shouts madly but Wu De has gone mad too and keeps holding him down.

Seeing his father fall on the ground due to his serious injury and seeing the light on the short knife becoming even more incandescent, Qin Yu’s heart gets a violent shock. It seems in that moment all the memories of the last 10 years flash through his mind like lightning. Why has he been training hard for 10 years?

To show his own value, to do his father pround and to let his father know that he is as useful as his big and 2nd brothers,

“Die!” Wu Xing says softly. His hand slightly makes a movement. The short knife in his hand, which has been charged with the maximum amount of energy he is capable of, shoots directly at badly injured Qin De like a dark red beam of light. Wu Xing’s eyelids slightly droop and a faint smile appears on the corners of his mouth. He is ready to watch Qin De die.

When Wu Xing reached out his hand, Qin Yu started to rush toward Qin De extremely fast. And when Wu Xing shot the short knife out, Qin Yu was already moving at his fastest speed.

The distance between Wu Xing and Wu De is over 100 m. By contrast, Qin Yu is on a side of Qin De and was only several tens meters away from him. Even though it was only several tens meters, because the short knife’s speed is too fast, Qin Yu simply cannot catch up with it.

Seeing the short knife that is moving extremely fast, Qin Yu has only one conviction -- he must grab the short knife.

“Grab it!” Qin Yu suddenly screams hoarsely in his heart. He has reached his fastest speed but it is still not fast enough. His heart hurts as if it is being bitten by countless ants. He is so worried that his head feels as if it is about to explode. By now, Qin Yu’s eyes have turned totally crimson.

Suddenly, an ice-cold clear stream flows into his brain. His mind becomes clear in an instant. At this moment, to him, the entire world seems to fall silent and time seems to stop completely. The 36 pictures of each of the 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams suddenly appear in his mind.

There are 108 pictures altogether from the 1st one to the last one. Qin Yu instantly has a feeling of enlightenment.

Boom ~~~

36 silvery energy streams, 36 golden energy streams and 36 purple energy streams continuously appear around Qin Yu’s body. 108 energy streams in total intertwine with each other and form a perfectly and naturally shaped tricolor suit of armor.

At the same time, that feeling of time stopping just now disappears and he sees the short knife flying extremely fast as before.

“I just lack a little speed!” Based on his own speed, Qin Yu instantly figures out how much speed he lacks in his mind. However --

Whizz!

Qin Yu, encircled by 108 energy streams, suddenly moves twice as fast like an arrow leaving a bow and appears before Qin De in an instant. He fiercely reaches out his hands. The Flaming Gloves naturally appear on his hands. Like eagle claws, Qin Yu’s hands make a grab at the short knife, which is moving like a beam of light.

This time Wu Xing used a killing blow so the short knife is carrying a terrifying amount of energy.

“Bang!” Even though Qin Yu intercepts the short knife using the Flaming Gloves on his hands, various energy streams still shoot out from the knife and hit Qin Yu’s body. That tricolor suit of armor looks very mighty but in fact it is merely gaseous and basically has no defense.

Several tens energy streams from the knife continuously hit Qin Yu’s body. Even though his body is very strong, his stomach is still penetrated. A horrifying hole appears in his stomach, from which blood streams out with gurgling noises. The heavy bleeding causes him to sway once.

“Flaming Gloves!” At this moment, Qin De, who is trying hard to stand up, sees the gloves on Qin Yu’s hands. He is immediately stupefied. “How does this assassin Liu Xing have the Flaming Gloves? Isn’t it Yu’er who has them?” Qin De thinks about how he and Fengyuzi guessed at the identity of assassin Liu Xing that day.

“Could it be ...?” Qin De’s heart gets a shock. “But Yu’er doesn’t have internal energy.”

“Ah ah ~~~” Wu Xing is furious. With a swaying movement of his body, he charges forward. At the same time, he points with a hand. His original flying sword immediately shoots at Qin Yu. Due to his stomach being penetrated by the energy of the knife, Qin Yu has been badly injured and he basically has no time to dodge the sword.

Pu ~~

In almost a while after Qin Yu grabbed the short knife, the flying sword pierces his chest and punctures his heart. At the same time the Meteoric Tear sends out various clear streams nonstop to mend the wounds. Unfortunately, the heart is a vital part of the human body.

“Father!” Qin Yu looks at Qin De and tries to force a faint smile. At this moment, his voice has changed back to his real voice.

“What?!” Qin De’s face finally changes color, because assassin Liu Xing is really his own son!

“Goodbye ... Now it seems I’m still a bit useful ...” With a lot of effort, Qin Yu forces a smile. However, the fatal injury in his chest causes his facial muscles to slightly twitch. Suddenly, a hint of ruthlessness and fierceness flashes through his eyes!

“You two will die together.” Wu Xing has already come close.

“Ah ~~~”

Qin Yu abruptly turns his face skyward and gives a long roar. His expression has become ferocious. His hands, which have been grabbing the short knife, reach their maximum speed, creating continuous indistinct silhouettes of dragon talons. The 108 energy streams around Qin Yu’s body all flow hurriedly with a sudden burst of speed.

Chi ~~

At a very fast speed, even faster than the extremely fast flying speed of the short knife just now, Qin Yu’s claws directly penetrate Wu Xing’s chest. He violently makes a grab with his right hand and immediately smashes Wu Xing’s heart with it.

“How is this possible ...?” Wu Xing’s eyes pop out of his head. Looking at the hands that have just pierced his chest, his face is full of disbelief. Just now his flying sword already penetrated Qin Yu’s chest and directly punctured his heart. Even a low-level Xiuzhenist would have died in that situation, but how has Qin Yu been able to carry on for so long?

Wu Xing simply does not know that as soon as Qin Yu was injured, the Meteoric Tear began to hurriedly send out various clear streams, which have continuously fused with his heart. Only thanks to this has Qin Yu been able to persevere for a longer period than he would have without the Meteoric Tear and strike his final blow.

“Martial younger brother!” Wu De utters a wild yowl.

Suddenly --

A sad and shrill eagle cry resounds. A beam of light is shooting down from 10,000 m on the 9th level of the sky. It is none other than Xiao Hei. It was flying too high and therefore when it noticed that Qin Yu’s life was in danger, it could not dive down in time. Xiao Hei is diving down extremely fast while wailing like crazy.

Qin Yu’s heart has been punctured. Not even the Meteoric Tear can heal him back to normal in a short time. He can only feel his vision starts to blacken and cannot breathe. He knows that ... he is dying. Qin Yu’s eyes gradually become dimmer and dimmer.

He is already near his end.

At the same time, Qin Yu’s body starts to change. It is switching back to his original appearance. At the moment, he can no longer maintain the appearance created by the Appearance and Bone Changing Art.

Seeing the change in Qin Yu’s appearance, Qin De only feels that his heart hurts so much as if he is having a cardiac seizure. His tears simply stream down uncontrollably. Qin Yu is looking at Qin De. There is unexpectedly a faint smile on his face at the moment. The look in his eyes then becomes totally lifeless.

“Yu’er is dead!”

Qin De’s entire body shakes once as if he has been struck by a bolt of lightning.

......

“But ... you give me no chance, absolutely no chance. You only said it’s pointless for me to get involved in this. Father, you don’t even give me a chance. How can you be sure that I’m useless? How? How?!”

......

“Ha-ha ... I’m just a useless, the most useless person. No matter how hard I try, no matter how much progress I make in practice, I’ll always be the most useless. This is laughable. What have I been training for? What have I been training for? What’s the use of my training?”

......

What Qin Yu said in the past seems to rise in Qin De’s ears again. His entire body starts to quiver. He remembers clearly the last words his son said to him: “Goodbye ... Now it seems I’m still a bit useful ...”

“Ah ~~~”

Qin De turns his face upwards and gives a long roar, sounding extremely sorrowful.

At this moment, a dark red sky suddenly appears, as if a heavenly tribulation is starting. However, this time the dark red sky covers an even greater area. At first sight, it seems the entire sky has become dark red. There are various flaming red clouds in the center of the dark red sky, which look like tribulation clouds.

“Pa!” Xiao Hei spreads its wings and, with a wave of the wings, pushes Qin De to one side. It is wailing nonstop and pearl-like tears are streaming down from its eyes, but Qin Yu has already become motionless.

After being pushed away by Xiao Hei, Qin De, however, sits stock-still on the ground.

Boom!

There is a sudden crash of thunder in the flaming red tribulation clouds in the sky. An extremely thick beam of light that, perhaps, can only be encircled by 3 or 4 adults comes down from the sky. That huge flaming red beam of light strikes down as if it is a thunderbolt.

Its target is -- Qin Yu.

At this moment Qin Yu’s hands are still stuck in the chest of a dead Wu Xing. And Xiao Hei is hugging Qin Yu tightly with its wings. Even though that terrifying beam of light is striking down from the sky, it still remains motionless.

Boom!

The beam of light hits Qin Yu’s body. Because that beam of light is so thick, naturally, apart from Qin Yu, it enfolds both Wu Xing and Xiao Hei as well.

“Yu’er!” Only now does Qin De wake up with a start. Even though his son is dead, his body must not be damaged no matter what! However, when the beam of light disappears, there is nothing left on the area hit by it, not even the weapons used by Qin Yu and Wu Xing in their fight.

There is absolutely nothing.

“Yu’er!” Qin De clenches his teeth. His whole body starts to tremble. All of the scenes of the past appear in his mind one by one. The scene in which his son called him to account is continuously replayed: “Ha-ha ... I’m just a useless, the most useless person. No matter how hard I try, no matter how much progress I make in practice, I’ll always be the most useless. This is laughable. What have I been training for? What have I been training for? What’s the use of my training?”

Qin De’s heart is in endless pain. He simply cannot stop his tears from streaming down.

A man does not shed tears easily, only that the heartache Qin De is suffering is too great.

“Xiang Guang! Wu De!” Qin De suddenly looks at Wu De. At this moment his heart is full of hatred. If it had not been for Xiang Guang and those 2 Xiuzhenists, with his son’s power, how could he possibly have died?

Disregarding his body’s injuries, Qin De channels his elemental energy very quickly and charges at Wu De while grasping his long sword.

Seeing Qin De coming at him in such a crazy manner, Wu De, who has been fighting evenly with Fengyuzi, is greatly frightened at once because, at any rate, Qin De is an early phase Jindan stage Xiuzhenist and, moreover, he even has a middle-grade holy weapon. Also, by now Fengyuzi has gone mad too.

Wu De immediately disregards everything and soars into the sky directly on his flying sword at his fastest speed like a wisp of smoke. His offense is extremely powerful and his flying speed is also not something Qin De and Fengyuzi can keep up with.

Seeing Wu De fleeing, Qin De is so furious that he suddenly spits out a mouthful of blood. His internal organs have suffered excessively severe injuries.

“Calm down, Your Highness, please calm down a bit!” Fengyuzi hurriedly restrains Qin De. He knows how seriously Qin De is injured at the moment. However, Qin De’s eyes are filled with an extreme hatred: “Wu De, Xiang Guang, my wife died, and today my son died too! Ah ~~~ Xiang Guang, Wu De! I swear here if I don’t kill you I’ll die unburied!!!”

“Brother Feng, please take me back. Every plan must be shifted to an earlier date and accelerated. Everything must be ready in a half year. I want to lead 1,000,000 troops to trample the Xiang clan to pieces. I’ll exterminate the Xiang clan then destroy Wu De’s soul!”

Qin De clenches his teeth. His crimson crazed eyes look very frightening.

End of b3c24.

End of book 3.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1 -- Nebula.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Book 4: Stellar Transformations

B4C1: Stellar Transformations

In the evening, the setting Sun is going down westward. Its light, despite being not dazzling, is illuminating the entire vast ground.

However, in a courtyard of the East Vanquishing Prince mansion, the atmosphere is obviously gloomy and cold.

Qin Feng, Qin Zheng, Xu Yuan and Fengyuzi, 4 people altogether, are sitting at a stone table. Qin De, however, is standing with his hands behind his back in the courtyard and looking up at a willow. This courtyard is in the courtyard house belonging exclusively to Qin Yu and this willow was planted here by Qin De and Qin Yu together when Qin Yu was little.

No one, whether Qin Feng, Qin Zheng or Xu Yuan, has a bit of a smiling expression on his face.

“Xiao Yu is dead.”

When Qin Feng and Qin Zheng first knew about this just now, they were simply stupefied. They had never imagined that their 3rd brother would die like this and, even worse, die without an intact body, having been struck into nothingness by a wicked thunderbolt.

Qin Feng and Qin Zheng still remember their promise.

They wanted to protect their younger brother, but they will never be able to fulfill their promise.

“Every plan is to be sped up. In a half year, Zheng’er, can the logistics of materials such as army provisions, armor and weaponry be fully ready in a half year?” With his hands behind his back, Qin De suddenly breaks the silence in the forlorn courtyard.

Qin Zheng slightly frowns, thinks for a while then says with a nod: “A half year ... father, a half year will be enough to fully prepare army provisions and the other materials. But to transport these materials to every army will need some time. If the deadline is loosened a bit, everything will be perfectly ready in 8 months. But if you want me to race against the clock, I can still manage it in a half year.”

“Um, Xu Yuan, can every step of Plan Flying Eagle be accomplished in a half year?” Qin De continues to ask.

Xu Yuan thinks for a while then says: “Your Highness, according to the original plan, we should still have 2 years to prepare. Now you want it to be accelerated and everything to be ready in a half year so time will be a bit tight. But because we’ve been carrying it out for the last 10-odd years, if it has to be sped up, a half year will still be enough for us to manage to start the entire plan.”

“Good!”

Qin De suddenly turns around and looks at the other people, saying: “All right, I’ll loosen the deadline a bit. In 7 months we’ll launch a full-scale attack. According to the plan, we’ll have to unify the entire Chu kingdom within a half year.” Qin De’s eyes glitter with a shockingly fierce coldness.

“Yes, father!”

“Yes, Your Highness!”

Qin Feng, Qin Zheng and Xu Yuan immediately stand up, bow and respond with obedience.

“Feng’er, you must hurry back to the army immediately. We’ll leave the preparation of armaments and materials entirely to Zheng’er. I’ll be in charge of the overall supervision of the armed forces.” Qin De says directly. “All right, everybody can set to work now.”

Qin Feng, Qin Zheng and Xu Yuan bow and leave at once.

“Your Highness, you should rest more and take better care of yourself. Your body is still injured.” Fengyuzi slightly shakes his head and says with a sigh.

Qin De turns around again and looks at the willow: “Rest? Am I still in a mood for resting? If I don’t trample the 4 Eastern region counties to pieces, exterminate the Xiang clan, kill Xiang Guang and Wu De and destroy their souls, how can I possibly ease my mind and recover?”

Fengyuzi cannot help giving a forced smile, but he is not too worried either because, with the effective medicines of the princely mansion in addition to Qin De’s having become an early phase Jindan-stage Xiuzhenist, Qin De’s internal injuries will take at most a month to recover completely.

“I’ll return first, Your Highness. If you have any problems, you can send for me.” Fengyuzi slightly folds his hands and says.

“Please return, brother Feng. I won’t see you off.” Qin De says calmly.

Fengyuzi nods then stands on his flying sword and shoots through the sky immediately to leave.

“We’re going to launch our attack in 7 months. Winthin a half year later, 1,000,000 troops will definitely trample the 4 Western region counties to pieces and exterminate the Xiang clan!” Qin De talks to himself in a low voice. His eyes, however, are filled with a chilling killing intent.

******

“Scram!”

A loud shout comes out from inside the room. Outside the room, Xiang Guang’s body cannot help shaking once.

Xiang Guang also feels greatly wronged. As soon as he heard that a Shangxian had returned, he immediately ran over here with enthusiasm, wanting to know if Qin De was dead or not. On the way from the Imperial Palace Xiang Guang’s heart was always excited.

However, just now, before he could say something, he was already scolded by Wu De.

“Screw this Wu De. I already gave them the Red Flourishing Pill. Could it be he returned without killing Qin De?” Indignation continuously surges in Xiang Guang’s heart, but he knows one thing -- whatever happens, he must not offend this Shangxian because, after all, this Shangxian is a guardian the Xiang clan relies on.

The Red Flourishing Pill was the reward for Wu De and Wu Xing killing Qin De. If they have not killed Qin De yet, Xiang Guang naturally cannot but resent them.

“Your Majesty!” A eunuch beside Xiang Guang immediately bows.

“Scram!” With a strong wave of a sleeve Xiang Guang pushes the eunuch to one side then tries to say with a forced smile: “Shangxian ...”

“Xiang Guang sonny, today I’m in a bad mood. Don’t disturb me.” Wu De shouts coldly.

Xiang Guang swallows then forces a smile, saying: “Shangxian, last time, I gave you the Red Flourishing Pill and asked you to kill Qin De for me, didn’t I? I’m wondering if Qin De is dead or alive.” Whatever happens, he still has to ask about this matter.

Moreover, Xiang Guang does not believe that this Wu De will dare to kill him.

Bang!

The door is suddenly pushed open. The 2 panels of the door hit the walls beside them. Loose-long-haired Wu De walks out with a face full of anger. His eyes, glittering with indignation and enmity, are fixed completely on Xiang Guang. Seeing Wu De like this, Xiang Guang is so frightened that he continuously backs away.

“Don’t mention anything about Qin De to me. Because we agreed to handle this matter, even my martial younger brother died. Why did you still mention the Red Flourishing Pill and Qin De to me? Go the hell away for me! Don’t think that I won’t dare to touch you just because you’re a descendant of the Xiang clan.”

The air of anger from Wu De puts pressure on Xiang Guang as if it is real.

He and his martial younger brother were friends with each other for several hunded years. There was a deep affection between them. This time, Wu Xing’s death was really a crushing blow to Wu De. Even worse, the 5 middle-grade holy short knives Wu Xing took in at first were also struck into nothingness by a sudden beam of light in the end.

This time, Wu De gained nothing and his martial younger brother even died, how can he possibly not get angry?

“Calm your anger, Shangxian. I will leave right now and won’t disturb you anymore. Calm you anger, Shangxian ...” Xiang Guang is frightened out of his wits as he is saying. He immediately runs very helter-skelter away from Wu De’s place with his entourage.

He turns his head around, looking at Wu De’s residence in the distance. Then, with a cold humph, he hurries back to the Imperial Palace at once.

******

The Immense Wilderness, no one has ever been able to measure its size. The deeper it is in the Wilderness, the higher the density of holy energy is, and the more formidable demonic beasts become. About 100,000 li away from the border of the Wilderness, there is a certain place.

Of course, compared to the size of the Wilderness, this 100,000 li distance is not a big amount of space. After all, the Wilderness is simply too large.

At this place, there is a huge lake. On the side of the lake, there is a huge mountain-shaped structure. That structure has only 2 stories and is only about 8 or 9 m high, but it occupies a shockingly large area, which is both longer and wider than 100 m. In this structure, every room is very luxurious. The rooms are even lit with various kinds of lamplight of different colors that have never been seen elsewhere on the Qian Long continent.

In the spacious entrance hall of this structure, the floor is pure silvery.

A young man with a wounded stomach, a middle-aged man with white brows that touch his temples and a black eagle are lying on this silvery floor. They are none other than Qin Yu, Wu Xing and the black eagle, who disappeared earlier.

______

Under Qin De’s gaze, the look in Qin Yu’s eyes becomes totally lifeless, his heart no longer beats and his breathing stops.

“Is this the feeling of death?”

Qin Yu vaguely remembers Xiao Hei’s wail but he simply cannot utter any sounds. He cannot even move his fingers a bit. However, his soul and consciousness still exist. After his bodily functions stop, his soul starts to shake.

A basically irresistible sucking force comes from the outside and affects Qin Yu’s soul directly, seemingly wanting to suck his soul away.

“I’m already dead. Is my soul entering the cycle of reincarnation now?” He simply cannot resist. His soul and consciousness can only feel that this sucking force is potent and overwhelming. His soul starts to float up. Apparently it is about to float out of his body.

Suddenly --

A warm stream flows out directly from the Meteoric Tear mark on his chest and enfolds Qin Yu’s soul and consciousness.

“So warm, just like soaking in the hot spring.” Qin Yu’s consciousness has this kind of feeling. At the same time, being directly insulated from that sucking force by the warm stream, Qin Yu’s soul still remains in his body and is not getting sucked away anymore.

Because his soul is engulfed in the warm stream, Qin Yu is simply unaware of what happens outside. Even when a flaming red beam of light shoots down from the sky and hits his body, he feels absolutely nothing.

At the same time, the Meteoric Tear is sending out various clear streams, which are rushing into his wounds nonstop. His body’s injuries are continuously recovering. The stab wound in his heart, however, is healing extremely slowly. But it is gradually recovering nonetheless.

As every minute or second goes by,

Qin Yu’s soul keeps enjoying that warmth. It is absorbing that warm stream of energy like a baby. His soul is gradually strengthening and becoming more materialized as well. It has become a seven-colored disc. The colors of the soul are extremely glorious and alluring. At the same time, energy is flashing around the soul nonstop like bolts of lightning. As the soul keeps absorbing that warm stream, those ‘bolts of lightning’ flash more and more powerfully.

In the blink of an eye, 7 days have passed.

The huge hole in Qin Yu’s stomach has healed without even a scar. It has taken him 7 days only because the heart is the most difficult body part to heal. His ordinary physical wounds needed just a half day to disappear scarlessly. His heart, however, has taken 7 days to recover.

Qin Yu’s soul is still enveloped in that warmth.

Suddenly, Qin Yu feels that warmth disappear. At the same time, a familiar feeling slowly returns. Qin Yu enjoys that feeling very much. It is the feeling of having control over the entire body, which only exists when the soul and the body are completely connected to each other.

He opens his eyes all of a sudden. At the moment his hands are still stuck in the chest of Wu Xing, who is undoubtedly as dead as a doornail. Qin Yu abruptly pulls his hands out and makes a shake with them at the same time. The muscles of the hands immediately vibrate extremely fast for a short time, forcing all the blood on the hands away.

“Phew!”

After a roll, Qin Yu pushes himself up from the floor and looks around. At a glance, he sees Xiao Hei not far from him on a side. Xiao Hei has been staring at Qin Yu in a daze. At this moment, it immediately cries out loud in excitement. The cries of the eagle resound continuously. At the same time, it runs up to Qin Yu very fast and hugs him tightly with its huge wings while chirping wildly.

“Ha-ha, Xiao Hei, alright, wow, you’re drooling on me.”

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei start to lark about with each other.

“Welcome, Master. I never thought that after your heart was penetrated your life could still be saved. Starlet is really too shocked by this.” A crystalline childlike voice rises through the entire spacious hall. Both Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are startled.

Qin Yu expands his holy sense and discovers that this is a very strange structure, basically unlike those on the Qian Long continent. However, he does not detect any person at all.

“Who are you?” He immediately says. “Could it be you saved me?”

“I’m Starlet, but I didn’t save you. It’s you who saved yourself.” That pleasant crystalline childlike voice rises again.

Qin Yu slightly frowns. He remembers how his heart was punctured by Wu Xing. At that time the Meteoric Tear seemed to send out various clear streams to continuously heal his heart. Even though the healing speed was extremely slow, his heart was still recovering. Also, when his bodily functions stopped completely and his soul was about to be sucked away, a warm stream enveloped his soul.

“Could it be the Meteoric Tear saved me?” Qin Yu thinks to himself.

This Meteoric Tear is really extremely miraculous. At least for the moment Qin Yu cannot understand how he is still all right after even his heart was penetrated. It should be known that, even Xiuzhenists who have not reached the Dongxu stage will only die if their hearts are penetrated.

If a Dongxu stage expert or above is punctured in the heart, his physical body will be destroyed and he will only be able to rely on his yuanying and soul to practice as a loose immortal. No one has ever heard about anyone who could survive a stab wound in the heart.

For the moment, Qin Yu does not consider this matter. He organizes his mind a bit and asks: “You’re Starlet? Who is Starlet? Why have you always called me master? Can you explain everything? Moreover, why is the lamplight of this place so strange?”

Qin Yu raises his head and looks upwards.

There is a huge square transparent product which is radiating a multi-colored light, looking very effulgent.

“Starlet is the manager of this building and is an artificially intelligent being. This separate villa was built by 1st Master, Master Lei Wei. I followed Master Lei Wei wandering the universe. During that time, Master Lei Wei continuously practiced and learned through experience. We originally came from a techno-science universe, where technology and science were extremely developed. Master made this separate villa then sucked it into his Storage Ring. One day, Master ventured into a black hole and was sucked into it. After getting out of the black hole alive, he found himself having arrived in another universe. Master then came to a planet in this universe, which is your planet.”

That crystalline childlike voice says with excitement.

Qin Yu, however, raises his eyebrows.

Artificially intelligent being? Separate villa? Techno-science? Planet?

Qin Yu does not understand what they mean at all. He does not understand how he came to this place either.

“This planet unexpectedly belonged only to Xiuzhenists. Our original universe also had Xiuzhenists but, because it was dominated by science and technology, there were very few of them, extremely few. However, this planet had an unusually high number of Xiuzhenists, thousands upon thousands. After staying on this planet for some time, Master had to undergo his heavenly tribulation. He had been worried that he would fail so he had left me in this wilderness earlier, telling me to wait for 2nd Master. Sure enough, after so many years, the teleportation formation finally started and brought you here, Master.”

Now Qin Yu has gained a little knowledge of what happened, but he still does not understand some words such as technology and science.

“Starlet, why haven’t you come out? Come out and talk with me,” says Qin Yu directly because he simply does not know what an artificially intelligent being is.

“Wait a moment. Starlet doesn’t have a real body. I can only use a simulated image!” An image then appears in front of Qin Yu. It is none other than that of a kitten. Qin Yu’s eyes pop out of his head. He cannot help reaching out a hand. However, his hand goes through the simulated body of the kitten.

At first sight, this simulated image seems to be real. Only when he touched it was he able to discover that it is merely simulated.

“He-he, Master, you’re an inhabitant of the Qian Long continent so you simply don’t know what science and technology mean. 1st Master Lei Wei already prepared a book for you early on. It is written in the language of your Qian Long continent so you can take your time reading it. After reading it, you’ll understand everything. When you want to turn a page, just give me an order.”

A simple-and-ancient-looking book suddenly floats before Qin Yu. Naturally, it is also simulated.

Qin Yu looks at it in stupefaction. After a long time, he swallows and disregards everything else to start reading it carefully. As he goes on, a whole new civilization that is completely different from the Xiuzhen civilization appears before him ...

Lei Wei was an exceptionally wise person. The book he wrote contains only several hundred thousand words but it enables Qin Yu to understand the meaning of the techno-science civilization. At least he already knows how to use this separate villa.

“So ... I was teleported into this separate villa this way.” A faint smile appears on his face.

He has understood everything.

If a person wants to practice that Art of Stellar Transformations, he must reach the peak of the Xiantian level first, which also means he must completely master the 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams. The sign that he has practiced the technique of the diagrams to the highest level is the tricolor suit of armor formed by the 108 energy streams covering him.

As soon as Qin Yu formed a tricolor suit of armor, that miraculous huge transportation formation sensed it then directly transported him into this separate villa, which had been set up carefully beforehand. At the same time, Starlet automatically took his blood to register him as its master.

“Meow ~~ Master, 1st Master left you a series of images. He wanted to tell you about some matters with it. Do you want to watch it?” Starlet blinks its eyes and wags its little tail.

Qin Yu cannot help getting startled in his heart. He admires this Lei Wei very much.

Obviously, Lei Wei was the mysterious man who killed a Dacheng stage expert, a good several loose immortals, and several tens Dujie stage and Kongming stage experts. Moreover, this expert’s origin was even stranger -- he did not even come from this Xiuzhen world.

Is he going to see this senior?

“Starlet, give Xiao Hei the right to move in this separate villa. Also, wait for me to deal with the corpse of this geezer. Ah, this is ...” As soon as Qin Yu looks at Wu Xing’s corpse, he notices one thing.

Wu Xing is dead, but the flying sword and short knife inside his body and also his storage bracelet have dropped to one side. Qin Yu does not value the flying sword and short knife very much but he has never seen that storage bracelet.

He picks up the storage bracelet in a movement of his hand. The original owner of this storage bracelet is already dead so it is now an owner-free object. Qin Yu immediately personalizes it by blood. A drop of blood falls on this storage bracelet then gets totally absorbed by it.

“So wonderful, it even has a space the size of a room.” As soon as he puts the storage bracelet on, he can totally feel the space inside it.

As he wears the storage bracelet, there is a surge of happiness in his heart. With a thought, everything in the bracelet can appear on his hand then get sucked inside in an instant, which is really extremely convenient and fantastic. In his heart, Qin Yu cannot help getting emotional over how marvelous the storage bracelet is.

“Xiao Hei, from now on you can move freely in this separate villa. Come, follow me to bury this geezer’s corpse.” Qin Yu lifts Wu Xing’s corpse up in a movement of a hand then walks out of the hall in strides.

“Master, follow me, this way. Just now it was the Training Hall. The surrounding silvery walls and floor of the Training Hall are made from an ore that 1st Master collected from a planet with especially strong gravity while travelling the universe. They have particularly great hardness. Even a so-called high-grade holy weapon in this Xiuzhen world can only leave a small mark on them,” says Starlet proudly.

Qin Yu, however, secretly clicks his tongue because he never expected those silvery walls and that silvery ground to be so hard. But he does not know that Lei Wei, while wandering and venturing in the universe, saw a lot of strange planets, some of which had gravitational pulls so great that even Lei Wei did not dare to come near.

Walking out of the entrance of the living room, he sees a relatively large indoor swimming pool. He goes around the swimming pool and come out of this separate villa.

“It’s very beautiful indeed.”

As soon as Qin Yu comes out, he sees a blue lake before him. The side of the lake is surrounded by a green meadow. This separate villa is located beside the lake. However, outside the green meadow, there is a huge mountain forest. In a glance, he can see various kinds of wild beasts.

Qin Yu turns around and looks at the separate villa. From the outside, it looks like a mountain. He says with a smile: “Separate villa, this noun sounds really awkward. This separate villa was built by Senior Lei Wei and looks like a mountain so from now on let’s call it Lei Mountain House.” He has come up with a Qian-Long-continent-style name for it.

After that, he buries Wu Xing’s body at a nearby place.

“Xiao Hei, you can play around here but don’t go too far. This place is in the Wilderness. Maybe there are some strong demonic beasts. If you encounter any dangers, you must return immediately.” Qin Yu says while gently patting Xiao Hei’s head. Xiao Hei flaps its wings and nods in excitement.

Qin Yu gives a smile then goes back into Lei Mountain House directly.

Lei Mountain House is very large. It is divided into 2 floors. The ground floor has the Training Hall, the living room, the Weapon Forging Chamber, the Pill Making Chamber, the storeroom, the swimming pool at the front and the garden at the back. In the back garden there are flowers and grasses taken from some unusual planets.

The 1st floor does not have any techno-science leisure facilities. Rather, it is a place for training, weapon forging and pill making. The 2nd floor, however, is the opposite. It has recreation facilities such as the bathroom, the kitchen, the entertainment hall, the bedroom and the study.

At this moment, Qin Yu is in the Training Hall.

“Starlet, didn’t you say Senior Lei Wei left me a series of images? Turn them on for me to have a look.” Qin Yu is standing in the Training Hall. His heart is beating somewhat fast. After all, he is about to see images of the mysterious Lei Wei.

“Meow ~~~ wait a second!”

Starlet sweeps its little tail then disappears. At the same time ... the entire Training Hall’s walls are covered with images of the universe and stars. In an instant, it looks as if Qin Yu is in space. The floor on which he is standing has even become the image of an area of space and simply cannot be seen anymore.

“Cosmos, this is the cosmos?”

Qin Yu is somewhat curious in his heart. However, at this moment, a man appears in front of him out of thin air. That man is standing with his hands behind his back and his back facing Qin Yu. After a long time, he lets out a sigh then turns around.

Aloof and proud, swift and fierce,

This is Qin Yu’s first impression of Lei Wei. All of a sudden, Lei Wei smiles: “Hello, if you are seeing this image, that will mean I, Lei Wei, have already failed to overcome the tribulation.”

Qin Yu understands this. If Lei Wei had not failed to overcome the tribulation, he would definitely have returned to this Lei Mountain House and naturally there would not be this scene. At the moment, after Lei Wei has begun to smile, he looks very amiable so Qin Yu is no longer nervous.

Lei Wei’s eyes have grown a bit misty. It seems he is remembering what has happened throughout his life.

“I was a prince of an empire in the Milky Way Galaxy, but I didn’t like imperial power. Instead, I liked interstellar adventures and practicing. Where we came from, there were Xiuzhenists on only one planet, which was the Earth. Only when I had reached a certain level in practice did I know about that.”

“At that time, I practiced nonstop. Then I obtained a secret book -- the Trans-Heaven 3 Diagrams --, which had only 3 pages containing 36 pictures each. However, to practice the Trans-Heaven 3 Diagrams, I had to reach the Xiantian level in body training first. I went out of my way to train hard and after experiencing various difficulties I finally succeeded. Then I gave up the prince status and set off for interstellar adventures using my spaceship. While travelling, I continuously practiced the Trans-Heaven 3 Diagrams. Eventually, one day the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation came down. Luckily, I was able to overcome it. However ... I didn’t have any techniques to continue my practice with.”

Lei Wei’s face has a hint of satisfaction and enjoyment. He seems to be remembering those daring years.

“While wandering in the cosmos looking for adventures, I heard about the theory of jindan and yuanying, but I still couldn’t obtain any Xiuzhen techniques. They were really too precious. At that time, I, who didn’t have a Xiuzhen technique, chose to create a path of my own. I knew Xiuzhen was to pursue the Way of Heaven ... But what is the Way of Heaven? Could it be to form the jindan and train the yuanying?” A hint of haughtiness and confidence appears on Lei Wei’s face.

“No, I definitely don’t think so. In my view, the Way of Heaven is the most original and natural things and isn’t something forcibly prescribed by human attempts. Watching the natural transformations of the cosmos, I gradually gained an understanding of the Way of Heaven. Then I started to create a new practice technique based on my understanding. This technique is modeled upon the evolution of stars in the cosmos so it’s called the Stellar Transformations.”

An idea springs to Qin Yu’s mind. Could the Stellar Transformation be that mysterious technique?

Lei Wei continues: “After going through a series of battles and adventures, I finally knew about the existence of the planet Earth, the only citadel of Xiuzhenists in the entire cosmos. I spent over 100 years on Earth and also obtained several Xiuzhen techniques, but ... I thought they were simply inferior to the Stellar Transformations I had created.”

Lei Wei involuntarily gives off an air of lordliness.

“I left Earth and started to venture nonstop in the cosmos. Eventually, one day I was sucked into a black hole. That black hole was really too strong. It was basically not something the human power could resist. Then I arrived in a new space. At the same time, I discovered the planet nearest me. This planet was very large, extraordinarily large. Compared to that planet Earth of the Milky Way, it had to be over 10,000 times bigger. When I landed on it, I found out that it had a shockingly high number of Xiuzhenists, who were counted by the 10,000.”

Lei Wei gives a disappointed smile: “Little boy, this study of mine has some practice techniques, which are all Xiuzhen techniques. I’ve collected quite a few of them, some from Earth and some others from this world. If you want to practice, you can use any of them.”

Qin Yu frowns. Could it be this Lei Wei does not want to teach him his own Stellar Transformations?

“Little boy, the Stellar Transformations is an incomplete technique and takes an unprecedented path. Even after wandering the cosmos for several thousand years, I’ve only been able to create the first 6 main stages -- Nebula, Meteor, Core, Planet, Dujie and Star. Moreover, the Star stage has merely been envisaged by me and I have no idea what will come afterwards. If you practice like me, even if you overcome the tribulations, reach the Star stage and ascend to the Realm of Immortals, you won’t have any techniques to continue your practice with.” Lei Wei says with an indifferent smile.

Qin Yu also understands the disadvantages of the Stellar Transformations.

To practice it to the Dujie stage is still not a bad thing because Lei Wei has already done this. However, that Star stage has only been envisaged by Lei Wei and there is no technique for dealing with what will happen after it. Once Qin Yu takes this path and practices to the Star stage, he will have to create a new technique on his own because the practice methods used by the other Xiuzhenists, who all cultivate their yuanyings, will be completely useless to him.

But will it be easy to create a new technique? If he overdoes it and loses his way, both his body and soul will be destroyed.

“Stellar Transformations, ha-ha ... is practicing this Stellar Transformations a blessing or a disaster? It’s hard to tell. Alright, little boy, you can choose for yourself. If you don’t practice it, then when you have a chance later, help me to find an inheritor of it, okay? Too bad, to practice the Stellar Transformations one must reach the peak of the Xiantian level in external practice first and use the Trans-Heaven 3 Diagrams as the basis, so, I’m afraid it won’t be easy to find an inheritor, but ... You’ll need to think about this matter later.”

Lei Wei gives a disappointed smile and heaves a low sigh: “Milky Way, planet Menghuan ...”

The image of his body then disappears completely.

After Qin Yu ponders for a while, his eyes flash with fierceness. He immediately leaves the Training Hall very fast and rushes into the study on the 2nd floor. There are quite a few paper books in the study. Some of them are educational books and some others are practice books. He finds it strange that Lei Wei wrote down various practice techniques in paper books.

The one book that is put highest is the Stellar Transformations.

“Blessing or disaster? Once I reach the Star stage, I can already achieve ascension. Even though afterwards I won’t have a technique to practice, when Master Lei Wei was able to create his own technique, then why can’t I? If there weren’t any challenges at all, practice would be too boring. Only this kind of technique will be able to make my blood boil with excitement!”

Qin Yu sits down on a chair and opens the Stellar Transformations.

“Is forming the jindan and yuanying the correct path of practice? The so-called Way of Heaven that everyone pursues, what is it? After observing the cosmic evolution, I created this technique. It can also be considered a path of Xiuzhen. This technique is divided into 6 main stages, the first of which is discussed in Chapter 1 -- Nebula.”

“Generally, after a practitioner overcomes the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, his Xiantian energy will liquefy in his boundless dantian. He will then merge it into a sphere of liquid energy and refine this sphere until it becomes the jindan. However, must this course of action be taken? Must he merge his energy into a single mass? The 1st step of my Stellar Transformations is to disperse. It will evaporate the Xiantian energy again and spread this energy, not only throughout the dantian, but even beyond the surface of the body. It will use the dantian as the center and the body as the bridge to link the cosmos up with the center of the body, allowing the practitioner to evolve together with the natural Way of Heaven ...”

As Qin Yu reads this technique, excitement surges in his heart uncontrollably.

Those Xiuzhenists who form the jindan or the yuanying all absorb holy energy nonstop then refine it in their dantians. Their way of practice is really very narrow-minded. If they want to become one with nature, perhaps they will have to wait until the Dongxu stage. Only from this stage, where their yuanyings can leave their bodies, can they get a taste of becoming one with nature.

However, in the beginning, what this Stellar Transformations does is disperse. It evaporates and disperses the Xiantian energy then uses the dantian as the center and the body as the bridge to connect the universe with the body’s center, absorbing the stellar energy in the universe ...

“Alright, Master Lei Wei, I’m going to practice the Stellar Transformations. Even though upon reaching the last chapter, Star, I won’t have a technique to practice, I will continue to develop and complete this technique. Even if I fail, I will still pass it down to an inheritor to keep it in practice. Generation after generation, eventually there will be someone who can succeed completely.”

Qin Yu’s eyes glitter. He holds the book of the Stellar Transformations tighter.

Choosing to practice this Stellar Transformations, he certainly understands there is a possibility that he will fail in his attempt at creation and die due to taking the wrong way. But can Qin Yu possibly fear it? Is it still like him to be overly cautious and afraid of death? When approaching death, he even feels his blood boil with excitement. To him, only a life with a lot of that feeling will fill him with enthusiasm and be a perfect life with no regrets.

End of b4c1.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C2: Early heavenly tribulation?

“What a large storeroom.” Qin Yu opens the entrance of the storeroom on the 1st floor of Lei Mountain House. He is astonished to see that it is about the same size as the Training Hall. However, what shocks him the most is that it is unexpectedly filled with various ores.

They have different colors such as crimson, green, golden, silvery, black, and white ...

The ores emit all kinds of glows, looking like a collection of attractive treasures. Qin Yu’s first impression is that all of the ores are extremely precious crystals and, moreover, none of them is inferior to In-rock Flaming iron.

“Master, when Master Lei Wei was wandering the universe at that time, he visited an unusual planet. That planet had extremely strong gravity and, moreover, it was covered with various precious crystals of different kinds. Master then dug up quite a few of the better crystals among them. From the viewpoint of the Xiuzhen world, these crystals are all top-class and can be used to forge top-class holy weapons.” A kitten appears out of thin air and floats on one side of Qin Yu.

Qin Yu cannot help becoming astonished.

They are ores that can be used to forge top-class holy weapons, no less! He remembers Fengyuzi once said that, even in the Overseas Immortal Islands a high-class holy weapon is extremely rare, not to mention these top-class crystals before him that fill more than half of the storeroom.

He cannot help reaching out his hand, wishing to get a chunk to examine. However --

Bang!

Before he can touch these crystals, a repulsive force comes through his hand. Qin Yu makes a shake with his body to neutralize the repulsive force. Starlet on one side hurriedly says: “Master, First Master Lei Wei once told Starlet that an innocent man can run into trouble because of his wealth. Until you have reached the Core stage in power, you definitely won’t be able to use these top-class ores.”

“Oh ... Master was really thoughtful. Xiuzhenists can fight each other for a chunk of a pretty good ore, not to mention top-class ores.” Qin Yu gives a smile then says with an unhappy expression: “But it’s really unbearable to just look at a mountain of treasures that has just appeared out of the blue.”

Starlet wags its tail proudly and says: “Meow ~~~ Master Lei Wei already prepared everything for you. See, that counter on the edge of the room, there is a ring on it. That ring is none other than a spatial ring, which is much more advanced than your storage bracelet, Master. It also has a very large space inside.”

As Starlet finishes saying, Qin Yu immediately goes up to that ring and gets it.

He personalizes it by blood at once and puts it on. As soon as he wears this ring, he feels how wonderful it is. Inside it, there is a simply shockingly large space.

“How great is the space of this spatial ring actually?” In a glance, Qin Yu jumps out of his skin. His storage bracelet’s space is only about the size of a room, but this spatial ring’s space is both longer and wider than 10,000 m and is 10,000 m high. They are basically not on the same level.

Even a big mountain can be put into this ring easily.

Starlet continuously wags its tail and says proudly: “When it comes to forging, in the Xiuzhen world, if Master Lei Wei had said he was the number 2, there would’ve been absolutely no one who dared to say they were the number 1! This Menghuan ring is the best spatial ring. Master Lei Wei forged it to commemorate his home planet. He said its space is much larger than even that of the Mingxu ring, the so-called number 1 spatial ring in the Xiuzhen world.”

As soon as Qin Yu gives this Menghuan ring a thought, it disappears into concealment. He must not take it out carelessly because after all his power is still really too weak. Of course, other people are not necessarily shrewd enough to notice that this is a formidable ring.

“Later I better use a common storage bracelet as a disguise for this Menghuan ring. Otherwise I’ll get robbed because of it, which will be terrible.” Qin Yu understands that he should not show his wealth, especially when his power is still considered weak in the Xiuzhen world.

Even though the Menghuan ring has been hidden inside his body, this does not affect his use of it at all.

“Oh, there are even some things inside it.” With a thought, Qin Yu discovers that some things are stored in the Menghuan ring. Taking a careful look, he sees that they are none other than some crystals. However, it looks like these crystals are not nearly as precious as the top-class crystals he saw just now in the storeroom.

Starlet says proudly: “Master, those are middle-class crystals and some high-class crystals. Master Lei Wei left them for you so that you can forge weapons. There is even a bottle of holy pills -- Vermillion Jade Pills -- in it. You can use them to heal your injuries.”

As soon as Qin Yu hears this, he gives a smile. Injuries?

At least he feels that, even though these Vermillion Jade Pills can also be considered top-class holy pills, they are definitely inferior his Meteoric Tear in effectiveness. As for the life-saving Meteoric Tear, he has an indescribable feeling about it.

“It’s time I started training. Unless I reach the Nebula stage, which is equivalent to the Jindan stage, I simply won’t be able to come back through the Wilderness alive.” Qin Yu immediately leaves this room and starts to practice seriously.

He practices the Trans-Heaven 3 Diagrams. Even though he has already reached the level where the 108 energy streams surround him at the same time and form a tricolor suit of armor, he has not felt the arrival of his heavenly tribulation yet. He knows he must gain some intuitive understanding of the Way of Heaven. In the blink of an eye, 7 days have passed. In the last 7 days, Qin Yu has flicked through many Xiuzhen books, which have also explained to him how he should practice at the peak of the Xiantian level in order to feel the arrival of the heavenly tribulation.

He has been practicing according to some of their methods.

Outside Lei Mountain House, Qin Yu is standing quietly on the center of the blue lake. His feet unexpectedly are staying still on the surface of the water. At the same time, 108 energy streams are moving around his body.

In the past, only when he performed the movements of the Trans-Heaven 3 Diagrams could the silvery, golden and purple energy streams be formed. However, when Qin Yu eventually exploded during that great battle in the Green Lotus mountain range, he made a breakthrough. And now he can make the tricolor suit of armor appear even without moving.

Walking on water without sinking a bit is a skill that Qin Yu has acquired only recently.

With his mind entering a state of vagueness and haziness, he naturally merges into nature. Now he can feel clearly the energy and life force of any plant or animal within several li of him. The progress he has made in 7 days is really astonishing.

Boom!

Qin Yu’s mind suddenly gets a shock. His body can no longer maintain the state of a moment ago and falls directly ino the water. He wakes up at once. Throwing a palm strike at the water’s surface, he stands on it again. At this moment, his face is full of excitement.

“5 months, my 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation will come in 5 months. Good, this is really good.” Qin Yu’s eyes are filled with excitement. Just now an enormous stream of energy entered the depths of his mind and right afterwards he knew when he was going to undergo the tribulation. This kind of feeling was really very mysterious.

At this moment, a series of eagle cries rise on the horizon. The black eagle then dives down directly from the sky. This period of time, it has often preyed on the wild beasts in the surroundings. Ordinary Xiantian level wild beasts are basically no match for the black eagle.

******

Qin Yu is practicing quietly in the Wilderness without being disturbed by anyone. However, at the moment, undercurrents are surging in the Chu kingdom. The movements of the Qin clan’s forces and the mobilization of its several hundred thousand troops undoubtedly cannot escape the detection of the Xiang clan’s spies. The Qin clan is about to rebel!

The Xiang clan receives this information all of a sudden and cannot help being caught off guard by it.

“What’s going on? Argh, Shangguan Hong said there were still some years to go and Hidden Chessman’s secret letter also said the Qin clan would only rebel 2 years later. Now why is it moving its forces all of a sudden directly to the borderlines?” Xiang Guang is in a rage at the moment.

On one side, the hook-nosed man simply does not dare to make any noises because Xiang Guang is currently furious.

How can Xiang Guang possibly not get angry? At first he thought the Qin clan would rebel 2 years later so the Xiang clan has naturally worked out a series of steps to deal with that. However, now that the Qin clan has sped up its rebellion so much, Xiang Guang is certainly caught unprepared.

“Then have the bandits in the Black Water mountain range made up their minds? These bandits have been occupying the Black Water mountain range for several hundred years. They have become more and more powerful and now there’s no way to exterminate them. However ... it’s a good thing for the moment. We’ll let them hinder the Qin clan’s hind legs.” Xiang Guang says with a cold smile.

The hook-nosed man hurriedly says: “Your Majesty, I was just about to report on this matter. Those Black Water mountain range’s bandits are particularly greedy. I don’t dare to make a decision without your permission ...” The hook-nosed man takes out from his bosom a letter and hands it over to Xiang Guang.

“Don’t say that it’s too much. At this moment you still have misgivings about this much?” Xiang Guang reprimands him but still receives the letter.

As soon as he opens the letter and takes a look, even though he is prepared, his face still changes color: “Screw these bastards. They are merely a bunch of bandits but they’ve laid down to me so many conditions and asked for so much military materials. This really ... this really ...”

Xiang Guang is so angry that his hands tremble. Then he heaves a sigh and says with a cold smile: “Alright, accept their demands. They’ve dared to ask so I’ll give them what they want, but when the Qin clan has been destroyed, I’ll make these bandits cough everything up, and pay the interest as well!”

“Yes, Your Majesty!” the hook-nosed man hurriedly bows and says.

“Go!” Xiang Guang says with a casual wave of a hand. The hook-nosed man immediately bows and leaves.

______

In Qin Yu’s former courtyard house in the East Vanquishing Prince mansion,

Qin De is standing motionlessly beside the willow and looks up at it. Since he returned, he has often come into Qin Yu’s former courtyard house. He has been standing like this for a whole day but no one dares to disturb him.

He closes his eyes. The scenes of the battle surrounding his tribulation appear in his mind.

......

“Ah ~~~”

Qin Yu abruptly turns his face skyward and gives a long roar. His expression has become ferocious. His hands suddenly form 2 dragon talons and pierce through the air with a sharp whistle. “Chi ~~” Concurrently with a noise of flesh being penetrated, Qin Yu’s claws are stuck into Wu Xing’s chest. His eyes flash with fierceness. He violently makes a grab with his right hand and immediately smashes Wu Xing’s heart with it.

......

In that battle, Qin Yu was fierce and unafraid of death. The Four Directions Death Gods, the traitor Ge Min and Wu Xing all died at his hands one after another. Even when facing Xiuzhenist Wu Xing, Qin Yu, who was at an absolute disadvantage, still put his neck on the line and disregarded everything to kill his opponent.

What did he do everything for?

All of those scenes emerge in Qin De’s mind continuously. He becomes even more mournful. Naturally he knows why Qin Yu went insane like that. He will always remember everything his son did for him, his son’s every strike and movement, his son’s fierce expression while fighting the enemies and his son’s ruthlessness when perishing together with Wu Xing.

These things, he will never forget any of them!

“Yu’er, I’m sorry. Now I can do nothing for you, nothing to compensate you. I can only trample the Xiang clan to pieces and kill Xiang Guang and Wu De to bury them with you. If you’re watching from the underworld, you’ll see that, soon, in only a half year, we’ll go to war with them.” Qin De’s eyes glitter with coldness.

However ... he does not know at all that at the moment Qin Yu is practicing nonstop in the legendary Wilderness, where dangers lurk everywhere.

In the Wilderness,

In a mountain forest, a huge blue wolf the size of a tiger is slowly advancing. Its bloodthirsty eyes are looking around. Suddenly, the huge blue wolf’s entire hair stands up. At the same time, various flames rise from its body.

Bang!

The huge blue wolf utters a miserable wail and is sent flying like a sandbag by a kick at the same time. It then smashes into an old tree. With a clack noise the old tree is broken apart, and its pieces smash directly into other trees.

“Copper head, iron bone, tofu waist -- sure enough, it’s true.” Qin Yu’s body appears beside the huge blue wolf in an instant. At the moment he is wrapped in hide, completely revealing some near perfect muscles. There is an air of vigor around him.

That huge blue wolf’s waist is now totally distorted. Obviously Qin Yu’s kick has broken the bones of the waist. However, wolves are unusually ferocious wild beasts, especially Blue Flame wolves like this one.

“Roar ~~~” The Blue Flame wolf suddenly turns its face upwards and roars.

“Calling your comrades? Too bad, under my holy sense, you guys basically won’t be able to gang up on me.” By now Qin Yu’s holy sense has already reached nearly 1000 m in range. However, because this mountain forest is too large, it will take those Blue Flame wolves some time to rush to this place.

“Hiss ~~” This Blue Flame wolf slightly bends its forelegs. Its eyes glitter with ferocity. Flames rise from its whole body. However, this wolf is merely at the Xiantian level therefore these flames cannot harm Qin Yu’s body at all. The wolf suddenly takes a leap. As if tearing the air, its 2 claws slash at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu’s body creates several illusions then returns to his original place, looking as if he has never moved.

That Blue Flame wolf has been sent flying back. Now its claws have been broken off and its entire head has been deformed, looking bizarre. In an instant just now, using his fast body-maneuvering skill and 2 hands, Qin Yu severed its claws and broke its head.

“Blue Flame wolves are so fast!” Qin Yu’s holy sense has already discovered the appearance of 3 Blue Flame wolves within a 1000 m radius of him. These 3 Blue Flame wolves are rushing toward him at a speed of almost 100 m per second. Qin Yu stands still at where he is.

In a while, the 3 Blue Flame wolves appear in his line of sight. Seeing a dead wolf, the 3 wolves overflow with their instincts. After several howls, they unexpectedly charge forward with a roar and attack Qin Yu at the same time.

Qin Yu remains motionless. When the 3 Blue Flame wolves have already come near him,

“Hah!”

Qin Yu suddenly utters a low shout. His eyes glitter intensely. At the same time, 108 energy streams appear around his body. At this moment, Qin Yu seems to turn into 3 people, who uniformly smash a straight punch into the heads of the 3 wolves.

“Bang!” The 3 Blue Flame wolves fall powerlessly on the ground. Even though from the outside their heads are still unblemished, everything inside has been pulverized by the shocks generated by Qin Yu’s hidden force.

1 strike, 3 wolves died.

“When the Trans-Heaven 3 Diagrams is practiced to perfection, it should be considered the most powerful close-quarters combat technique.” Qin Yu’s eyes glitter with excitement. During the battle on the day his father underwent his tribulation, in order to save his father, Qin Yu was eventually able to grasp how to make the 108 energy streams surround him at the same time. In that state, his speed was increased by several times.

However, having fought in the Wilderness for the last 2 months, he has discovered many other advantages of being surrounded by the 108 energy streams at the same time.

“Phew, after I killed 1, 3 appeared. After I killed 3, several tens are coming. Ho-ho, I’m not going to play with you anymore ~~~” Qin Yu gives a loud laugh then with a movement of his body he turns into a flickering blur in the forest. After flickering several times, the blur disappears.

If Qin Yu went all out to fight those several tens Blue Flame wolves, he would be able to kill them all while only suffering injuries at worst. However, their deaths would be followed up by the coming of several hundred to 1,000 Blue Flame wolves. In this mountain forest, which is near Qin Yu’s Lei Mountain House, there are at least 1,000 Blue Flame wolves. Even Qin Yu does not dare to fight so many of them.

After coming out of this forest, Qin Yu goes into another forest on a mountain range near Lei Mountain House.

“Roar ~~” A black striped tiger stares at him while roaring nonstop. However, seeming to have a feeling that Qin Yu is formidable, for the present it does not dare to attack him.

Suddenly, a sharp eagle cry resounds. A silhouette shoots down from the sky extremely fast like a black thunderbolt. Its 2 sharp claws directly grab the spine of the black striped tiger and tear it apart with ease. Then, with a ‘phut’ noise, a hole is pecked in the head of the tiger.

“Xiao Hei, what’s happened to you recently? You’ve been killing so many wild beasts already and even been focusing on killing formidable ones. It was so hard for me to encounter a near peak Xiantian black striped tiger, but you killed it too.” Qin Yu says resentfully.

Xiao Hei spreads its huge wings and flaps them continuously while chirping. Seeing this scene, Qin Yu cannot help giving a smile.

Time flies. It has been 3 months since he came into the Wilderness.

Today Qin Yu is sitting quietly with legs crossed on the side of the lake. In practice, not only does he have to fight, he also has to do spiritual training. When facing an enemy, a person with weak spirit will become nervous and will not be able to use his power properly; a person with average spirit will be able to fight normally but sometimes he will go mad; and a person with really strong spirit, whose face will not change color even if a great mountain is collapsing before him, will analyze the enemy’s weaknesses with absolute calmness in his mind.

Suddenly –

Hu ~~~

Fierce winds suddenly blow. Those sky-high large trees in the nearby forests start to shake continuously. Every wild beast quiets down as if it has felt something terrifying. The clouds floating in the sky are swept away in an instant. Just now the sky was still white, but now it is turning dark red all of a sudden.

Qin Yu suddenly opens his eyes and stares up at the sky. This scene is so familiar to him. It is exactly like when his father underwent his tribulation.

“The 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation?” Qin Yu is astonished. “Could it be some formidable demonic beast is undergoing its tribulation around here? But I’ve been here for so long. There doesn’t seem to be such strong demonic beasts within several tens li of this place.”

The dark red sky then creates a huge maelstrom. Various serpentine electrical sparks also appear all over this sky out of thin air. Being sucked by the maelstrom, the electrical sparks come together in it. In only a short while, that maelstrom has become a purple tribulation cloud.

The strangest thing is ... this purple tribulation cloud is right above Qin Yu’s head.

“What ...? My, my heavenly tribulation?” Qin Yu is somewhat stupefied. He remembers clearly that his tribulation should come 2 months later, so, why has this heavenly tribulation suddenly appeared? Moreover, that purple tribulation cloud has been formed directly above his head.

Has his heavenly tribulation come early?

End of b4c2.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C3: The bloody battle of the tribulation

“Xiao Hei, guard me. Be careful -- some demonic beasts may come over here to cause trouble during my tribulation.” Qin Yu turns his head to Xiao Hei and shouts.

However, Xiao Hei flaps its huge wings and continuously cries. At the same time, it raises its head and stares at the purple tribulation cloud in the sky. Various faint flames unexpectedly emerge from the surface of its body. Xiao Hei is even giving off an unprecedented aura.

As Qin Yu hears Xiao Hei’s cries and sees the rolling purple tribulation cloud in the sky, his mind suddenly becomes clear. He stares at Xiao Hei and says in disbelief: “Could it be ... you’re about to undergo the tribulation?”

Xiao Hei flaps its wings proudly while crying nonstop.

Qin Yu shouts angrily at once: “Xiao Hei, don’t stay here showing off. Quickly get ready to take on the heavenly tribulation. I’ll watch over you. I’m worried some demonic beasts will come to disturb you during your tribulation.” Qin Yu does not dare to be reckless. His internal energy starts to permeate through all of his body parts like bubbles. Qin Yu’s entire body’s skin now radiates an indistinct purple jade glow.

The heavenly tribulation is such a big event so the demonic beasts in their vicinity will surely notice it. If some formidable demonic beast comes here to attack when it is happening, this will be dangerous. Getting disturbed is the most undesirable thing during a tribulation.

Chi chi ~~~

The tribulation cloud keeps rolling nonstop. Serpentine electric sparks are barging about in the cloud. Suddenly, a huge pressure comes out from the cloud and affects the entire area of ground beneath it. In the blink of an eye, the atmospheric pressure below the cloud becomes so much higher that even Qin Yu finds it very hard to breathe.

“No good. This tribulation seems to be even more powerful than my father’s last time. Could it be different people or demonic beasts will experience 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulations that are different in power?” Qin Yu is frightened. He remembers clearly the pressure exerted by the tribulation cloud during his father’s tribulation last time. And compared to it, the pressure this time is much greater.

Anyone going against Heaven will naturally have to endure nature’s punishments, hence the existence of the heavenly tribulations. A person with more formidable power will be given mightier punishments by nature.

Boom!

A great crash of thunder resounds. A large purple thunderbolt shoots out through the cloud like a sinuate aquatic dragon then strikes headlong directly downwards in an unstoppable, imposing manner, as if it will destroy any gods or devils who attempt to block it. Obviously its power is fairly great.

Qin Yu expands his holy sense to the utmost, covering the area within 1000 m of him. At this moment, what he fears the most is that some demonic beast will come to disturb Xiao Hei during its tribulation.

Xiao Hei spreads its wings. An eagle cry then resounds through the air. At the same time, it opens its mouth and unexpectedly ... swallows that purple thunderbolt at one stroke. In an instant, the aquatic-dragon-like purple thunderbolt has been swallowed entirely by Xiao Hei. Concurrently with that, various electric sparks start to flicker on the surface of Xiao Hei’s body.

“This, this ...” Seeing this, Qin Yu is shocked.

The 1st thunderbolt has unexpectedly been ... eaten up by Xiao Hei just like this. Undergoing a tribulation is to resist its thunderbolts. Qin Yu has never heard that a thunderbolt can also be swallowed at one stroke. Xiao Hei is crying proudly. Judging by its appearance, the thunderbolt seemed to be a very delicious meal to it.

Thunder rolls once more. The purple tribulation cloud starts to billow even more madly. Electric sparks flash on and off rapidly again. In only a short while, it looks like the power of the cloud has become even greater. Obviously the 2nd thunderbolt is about to come down. Suddenly, a dragon-like sinuate thunderbolt shoots down extremely fast from the sky and strikes directly at Xiao Hei’s head.

Boom!

Xiao Hei brings its wings together and forms an electric protective cover. Various electric sparks are flickering outside the wings.

The thunderbolt hits Xiao Hei’s wings with a boom. The electric sparks on that protective cover flicker extremely fast at once and unexpectedly nearly half of the thunderbolt’s energy is sent away along the protective cover. The remainder of the thunderbolt is blocked head-on boldly by Xiao Hei using its wings.

Even Qin Yu himself does not know how hard Xiao Hei’s wings actually are. At least they must be tougher than his physical body.

Qin Yu’s face suddenly changes color.

His holy sense has discovered that in a nearby mountain forest various Blue Flame wolves are running extremely fast to the location of the tribulation. When he takes a look, several tens leading Blue Flame wolves have already come out of the mountain forest and are charging directly at him and Xiao Hei.

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei naturally have killed quite a few Blue Flame wolves since they came to this place in the Wilderness. These Blue Flame wolves are also very cunning. Only now do they rise in revolt.

“Roar ~~~”

Great roars of wolves resound continuously. Various Blue Flame wolves rush out from the mountain forest unceasingly. In only a short while, Qin Yu already notices that over 100 of them are charging at him, but new Blue Flame wolves keep rushing out from the mountain forest.

“My goodness, it couldn’t be all the Blue Flame wolves are coming, right?” Staring at those Blue Flame wolves that are coming at him in the distance, Qin Yu feels very anxious in his heart.

That mountain forest has from several hundred to over 1000 Blue Flame wolves. Moreover, even the weakest among them is at the Xiantian level while the strongest Blue Flame wolves have all reached the peak of the Xiantian level. Once Blue Flame wolves of this pack attack together, even just nearly 100 of them will be enough to seriously injure Qin Yu. And if several hundred of them jointly attack, it will be a disaster for him.

“I won’t be able to stop so many Blue Flame wolves for a while. If Xiao Hei is disturbed during the tribulation then ...” Qin Yu becomes worried.

Once several tens Blue Flame wolves charge, Qin Yu will only be able to hold back some of them simultaneously at best. But Xiao Hei has to undergo the tribulation. Just now, it was only the 1st and 2nd thunderbolts, which were not very powerful. The really formidable ones, the 3rd and the 4th, have not appeared yet. If Xiao Hei is attacked by Blue Flame wolves, that will be terrible.

“This disgusting bunch of wolves wants to kick someone when they are down!”

Qin Yu utters a loud shout. The 108 energy streams start to move around him at the same time, forming a tricolor suit of armor. With a movement of his body, he instantly uses the Seven North Stars Moonlight Dance. His entire body now looks indistinct and unreal as if it is moonlight. In just a moment, he has already come into the pack of wolves.

Qin Yu’s entire body is radiating a purple jade light. The Flaming Gloves have appeared completely. Now is simply not the time for him to hide his power.

Clack!

Qin Yu’s left hand directly grabs and smashes the throat of a Blue Flame wolf. Then, like an aquatic dragon coming out of its cave, his right hand executes a spear hand strike, which has the strongest penetrating force. The force of the strike goes through the Flaming Glove and penetrates into the head of a Blue Flame wolf immediately. With a ‘bang’ noise, a large hole appears in that Blue Flame wolf’s head. Everything inside the head has even been shattered by the shock of the strike.

The over 100 Blue Flame wolves that appeared first have surrounded Qin Yu completely and are attacking him like crazy.

“Roar ~~~”

The strongest, leading wolf of the over 100 wolves surrounding Qin Yu gives a roar. Immediately, the other wolves stop attacking. In just an instant, Qin Yu has already killed more than 10 Blue Flame wolves but there are also some small bloodstains on his body. Those Blue Flame wolves’ claw attacks are really too powerful.

“What is this bunch of wolves doing?” Qin Yu looks at the Blue Flame wolves around him. This group of over 100 Blue Flame wolves is surrounding him with 6 layers altogether but they are not attacking him.

However, other Blue Flame wolves still keep rushing out nonstop from the mountain forest. In just a while, including the ones surrounding Qin Yu, the total number of Blue Flame wolves has already reached 300. This time, it is clear that the Blue Flame wolves are prepared to destroy Qin Yu and the black eagle once and for all.

Over 100 Blue Flame wolves are surrounding Qin Yu. The other wolves, however, disregard him and charge directly at Xiao Hei.

“This is bad.” Qin Yu knows they have a problem. At the moment, he is totally surrounded by Blue Flame wolves and simply cannot protect Xiao Hei, but Xiao Hei is undergoing its tribulation. Under the attack of over 100 Blue Flame wolves, how can Xiao Hei possibly set its own mind at rest to take on the tribulation? Even in a normal situation, it will be very dangerous for Xiao Hei to face over 100 Blue Flame wolves simultaneously, not to mention in this situation.

“Go to hell!” Qin Yu clenches his teeth. The energy inside his body is totally unleashed. With a loud shout, he charges directly toward Xiao Hei like lightning.

At the same time –

“Roar ~~~” The leading wolf gives a roar. The over 100 Blue Flame wolves that have been surrounding Qin Yu without attacking immediately go on the offensive madly. More than 100 Blue Flame wolves recklessly attack Qin Yu from all directions.

Clawing, biting, tearing, they resort to every possible means. For a while, Qin Yu only feels that there are wolf silhouettes all around him. Countless wolf claws are slashing at his body.

______

The 108 tricolor energy streams are moving around his body. Within the boundary formed by the energy streams, Qin Yu’s entire body suddenly creates various illusions. His 2 hands now look like the hands of the 1000 Armed Kannon, some of them executing finger strikes, some performing spear hand strikes, some turning into sharp claws, some throwing punches, and some using knife hand strikes.

Boom!

The 10-odd Blue Flame wolves nearest Qin Yu are sent flying in all directions with a boom, obstructing the other wolves at the same time. With his eyes blazing with killing intent, Qin Yu is looking at the wolves surrounding him while observing everything around using his holy sense.

The surrounding Blue Flame wolves begin to attack Qin Yu even more madly. His close-quarters combat techniques are utilized to the utmost. The Flaming Gloves make their already powerful offensive forces even more powerful. With just a punch he can shatter a Blue Flame wolf’s head.

A sound of bones getting broken is heard. A Blue Flame wolf falls on the ground for good with a ruptured throat. It even wails for a while before dying.

Qin Yu slashes his legs like blades. With a slash of a leg, he directly breaks up the backbone of a wolf, which falls on the ground without being able to ever get up.

......

Within 3 steps of his body, Qin Yu creates various illusions using his movements. Even though this range is short, he can cause those Blue Flame wolves to often make mistakes. After Qin Yu kills a good several tens Blue Flame wolves continuously, his clothes have been clawed to pieces. There is even a long wound on his chest, from which blood is slowly flowing out.

The Blue Flame wolves are also divided into the strong ones and the weak ones. The strong wolves have reached the peak of the Xiantian level and not even Qin Yu dares to block a claw attack by any of them. The wound on his chest was inflicted by a Blue Flame wolf that was around the late phase of the Xiantian level. Of course, one needs hardly ask about the fate of this wolf. Its head was cut off directly by Qin Yu.

“Scram!”

Qin Yu unleashes the purple energy inside his body again. His speed increases instantly and at the same time he kills or cripples the several tens Blue Flame wolves which are nearest around him. For a while, those Blue Flame wolves slightly halt and unexpectedly stop their attack.

“Xiao Hei!” As soon as Qin Yu pays attention to Xiao Hei’s situation, he becomes anxious in his heart.

Over 100 Blue Flame wolves all are trying to pounce on Xiao Hei as if they do not care about their lives.

“Boom ~~~” The purple tribulation cloud are rolling hurriedly, exerting a pressure which seems to be a real substance downwards. Qin Yu knows the 3rd thunderbolt is about to strike down. However, at the moment, over 100 Blue Flame wolves unexpectedly are taking advantage of the situation to attack Xiao Hei recklessly.

Xiao Hei raises its head giving a cry and suddenly flaps its huge wings once. A strong whirlwind is unexpectedly created, sending those Blue Flame wolves, which have jumped up, flying backward. However, these Blue Flame wolves are no ordinary wolves. Any of them is a Xiantian level demonic beast in the Wilderness. After falling on the ground, they come at Xiao Hei again with a jump, trying to claw or bite it while growling.

With a wave of the wings, Xiao Hei shoots up in the air to a height of several tens meters. Those Blue Flame wolves also jump up but, despite their formidable capabilities, they can only leap 7 to 8 meters and are still very far from being able to reach Xiao Hei’s level.

Boom!

A huge purple thunderbolt shoots out from the tribulation cloud and strikes down directly at Xiao Hei.

“No good.” Qin Yu’s face changes color. He has read about some important points of tribulation taking in some Xiuzhen secret books collected by Lei Wei and, according to them, taking on a tribulation in mid-air is more dangerous than on the ground. However, the black eagle is a bird and not a human so maybe this is not too bad, but Qin Yu is unsure about that either.

Xiao Hei utters an unhappy and shrill cry. Various electric sparks start to flicker on its wings, looking extremely dazzling. It brings the wings together and forms a protective cover to resist the thunderbolt directly.

Boom!

Like the hammer of the thunder god, the purple thunderbolt strikes upon Xiao Hei’s wings. With a ‘bang’ noise, Xiao Hei is smashed directly down on the ground, causing a shock. The 3rd thunderbolt was much more powerful than the 2nd one so Xiao Hei was only able to neutralize a small part of it and still had to endure most of its energy.

“Xiao Hei!” Qin Yu jumps out of his skin.

“Roar ~~” Standing haughtily on a huge rock beside the lake, the leading wolf continuously roars.

Blue Flame wolves keep dashing out from the mountain forest unceasingly as if their number is unlimited. By now 600 to 700 Blue Flame wolves have come out. Following a roar of the leading wolf, nearly 400 of them surround Qin Yu while the other 200 to 300 attack Xiao Hei.

Several hundred Blue Flame wolves jump toward the black eagle, which has fallen on the ground, while growling. In an instant, several tens wolves have already pounced on the eagle. They bare their sharp teeth and start to bite and tear it.

A good several hundred Blue Flame wolves are surrounding Qin Yu completely and tightly with 6 layers and he simply has no way to get out of this blockade. The strangest thing is that these several hundred wolves are unexpectedly surrounding him without attacking.

“Xiao Hei!”

Seeing countless Blue Flame wolves jumping towards Xiao Hei, Qin Yu feels as if his heart is being cut with a blade. Xiao Hei has been his best friend since childhood and he has even spent the greater part of his time with it. He takes a glance at the several hundred wolves. At the same time, killing intent surges inside him.

Suddenly, a sharp eagle cry resounds through the air. Many purple electric sparks unexpectedly burst forth and run through the bodies of all the Blue Flame wolves on Xiao Hei. Those wolves start to convulse while wailing. Then, with a bang, Xiao Hei sends those several tens wolves flying with a wave of its huge wings.

Xiao Hei looks at Qin Yu. Its eyes are radiating human-like feelings.

Qin Yu obviously can understand Xiao Hei’s feelings.

“Ha-ha ~~~ Xiao Hei, don’t worry. These are merely several hundred doggies. You can take on the tribulation without worries. I’m going to kill them all.” Qin Yu’s heroism has risen to the skies. “For so long, I haven’t had this feeling of blood boiling for so long ...” His energy starts to surge inside his whole body.

Seeming to feel that this is not a good thing, the leading wolf immediately roars. The several hundred Blue Flame wolves charge at Qin Yu desperately at once.

“Meteoric Tear, I’m counting on you!” says Qin Yu inwardly.

The wound Qin Yu suffered just now on his chest has unexpectedly fully recovered in only a short while, leaving just a faint scar. The Meteoric Tear’s powerful ability to heal injuries is Qin Yu’s strongest weapon. His entire body starts to move.

Afterimages and the blurs of his fists, legs and sword!

One Blue Flame wolf after another falls on the ground while wailing wherever the blurs go to. They then either die or writhe in agony. Encircled by the 108 energy streams, Qin Yu is combining his speed with his body-maneuvering skill. His offense has certainly reached a shocking level. He is executing killing blows with ease. With a gentle poke of a finger or a casual slash of the Flaming Sword, he can already kill a wolf.

“Roar roar roar ~~” The leading wolf roars even more urgently.

The several hundred Blue Flame wolves immediately accelerate. They come at Qin Yu in waves, trying to tear or bite him. The deaths and blood of their comrades only make them even madder. Disregarding their lives, these Blue Flame wolves have left many wounds on his body. Using the Flaming Gloves and the Flaming Sword to the full, Qin Yu has unleashed his strongest offensive power.

Pooch ~~

A Blue Flame wolf tears his stomach with a claw attack. His blood immediately streams down with gurgling noises from the wound.

Pu!

A blur of his sword flashes by and the head of that wolf falls on the ground.

“I didn’t expect it to be a peak Xiantian Blue Flame wolf. Its offense was almost equal to that leading wolf’s.” Qin Yu pokes at some acupoints continuously at once, trying to slow his bleeding down a bit. Even though the wound on his stomach is very large, because too many Blue Flame wolves are attacking him recklessly, he basically has no time to treat it properly.

Xiao Hei is crying unhappily and shrilly. It is also being surrounded by 200 to 300 Blue Flame wolves.

“Boom ~~~” With rolls of thunder, a pressure comes down from the sky again. Even the Blue Flame wolves are somewhat slowed down by it. Obviously the most formidable, the 4th thunderbolt is about to strike down. Unable to care about anything else, Xiao Hei can only fly into the sky to take on the 4th thunderbolt.

End of b4c3.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C4: Holy sense communication

A cool and refreshing feeling comes from the wound on his stomach. Various clear streams are flowing out from the Meteoric Tear then fusing with the wound. Qin Yu’s injury is recovering at a clearly fast speed. His bleeding has started to slow down as well.

“This bunch of doggies is really nasty!”

Qin Yu utters a curse and attacks more ruthlessly at the same time. He basically does not dare to stop fighting. He has reached his maximum speed and is moving while killing these Blue Flame wolves with the Flaming Gloves and Flaming Sword unceasingly. The power of these middle-class holy weapons is really astonishingly great.

Just now there were 400 to 500 Blue Flame wolves surrounding Qin Yu, but in only a short while over 100 of them have already been killed by him.

“Roar roar ... roar roar roar ...” The leading wolf roars loudly again. In an instant, all the other wolves surround Qin Yu and attack him. However, new Blue Flame wolves keep rushing out from the mountain forest. The number of wolves is growing larger and larger. Now it has reached 800. Add to that the over 100 wolves killed by Qin Yu, and it can be said that this time the Blue Flame wolf clan in this mountain forest has launched an all-out attack.

Pu pu ...

Qin Yu feels a burning sensation on his back. His holy sense notices clearly that it has been lacerated. His body immediately makes a swaying movement. He makes a simple swing with his sword using his right hand and that Blue Flame wolf falls on the ground at once for good while uttering several cries. At the same time Qin Yu has already moved away several meters again.

Speed! Speed!!

Because he is being surrounded, he has to rely on his speed to move nonstop so that he will only face a small number of enemies at a time. If he stops, with so many Blue Flame wolves coming at him together, he simply will not be able to do anything.

Pu pu ...

2 wounds appear on Qin Yu’s stomach continuously. A Blue Flame wolf is fiercely biting into his stomach. Qin Yu straightens his left hand, forming a knife hand. The purple energy is then shaped into a blade on the edge of his hand. Executing a downward knife hand strike, he directly chops that Blue Flame wolf’s head off.

However, that wolf’s teeth are still stuck in his stomach, making him feel an acute pain. His blood is flowing out unceasingly from the wounds. He basically has no time to remove the head of this Blue Flame wolf from his body because, after all, he is being attacked from all directions by Blue Flame wolves.

“Roar roar ...” Seeming to foresee that their victory is drawing near, the leading Blue Flame wolf roars loudly at once.

In an instant, several tens Blue Flame wolves jump up and come at Qin Yu from the sky. Those sharp teeth and ice-cold sharp claws are aimed directly at his body. Moreover, at the same time, several tens wolves also attack him together on the ground.

He is beset on all sides, but he cannot go into the sky, nor can he enter the ground.

“Hah!” Qin Yu’s eyes flash with fierceness. The movements of his 2 Flaming-Glove-wearing fists have unknowingly completely surpassed the speed thought to be his fastest. In the blink of an eye, Qin Yu’s 2 hands seem to have turned into several tens hands, eagle claws, sword fingers ...

With a ‘bang’ noise, a hole appears in the throat of a Blue Flame wolf that has jumped high in the air. It immediately spouts blood in all directions like a geyser. At the moment, the entire battlefield is filled with the smell of blood.

Qin Yu unexpectedly catches a leg of a Blue Flame wolf with a grab. He utters a low shout and, like brandishing a whip, waves the wolf violently several times while gripping the leg. Then the purple energy in his body flows into his hand entirely. The over-10,000-jin strength of a peak Xiantian external expert is now totally unleashed.

Using that half-dead Blue Flame wolf as a weapon, Qin Yu throws it away violently.

Boom!

The purple energy and the 10,000-jin strength explode. That Blue Flame wolf’s body is blown up. The fragments of its flesh and bones shoot out in all directions like hidden projectiles. A batch of Blue Flame wolves cries and is knocked down at the same time.

However, the Blue Flame wolves that replace them claw and bite at him even more madly, inflicting more injuries on Qin Yu’s body nonstop. Luckily he has the Meteoric Tear so the small wounds close very quickly, but the large wounds will take some time to heal.

Even though the Meteoric Tear is formidable, it cannot catch up with the continuous attack of so many Blue Flame wolves.

In mid-air, seeing that Qin Yu is being attacked by several hundred Blue Flame wolves together, that his body is covered in blood and that there are shocking wounds on his stomach, Xiao Hei cannot help crying sadly and shrilly. However, with the tribulation cloud rolling so madly and exerting such an astonishing pressure, it is obvious that the 4th thunderbolt is about to strike down.

Boom!

A purple thunderbolt shoots down from the tribulation cloud in the sky like a wandering sinuous dragon carrying a world-shattering force and violently strikes at Xiao Hei with a boom.

Suddenly –

An eagle cry resounds through the sky. It is extremely sharp but also has an air of absolute aloofness and lordliness, which, when expanding, unexpectedly stops the 600 to 700 Blue Flame wolves that are attacking for a while. Qin Yu has always been observing Xiao Hei with his holy sense.

Facing the 4th thunderbolt, Xiao Hei emits various flaming flashes from the steely feathers which cover its entire body. They are called flaming flashes not because they are separate flames and lightning flashes that are joined together, but rather because they are lightning flashes that flame on the outside.

Hu ...

The dazzling flaming flashes come out from Xiao Hei’s entire body and merge into a long narrow mass of energy, which then soars into the sky on a collision course with the 4th thunderbolt like an aquatic dragon.

Boom!

The mass of flaming flashes falls apart but the 4th thunderbolt’s power is also reduced a lot. At this moment, Xiao Hei unexpectedly shakes its wings extremely fast. Qin Yu’s holy sense notices clearly that each of the wings instantly creates 9 afterimages.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! ......

9 continual crashes are heard. Xiao Hei has shaken its wings with such a high frequency that even Qin Yu is greatly shocked. After these 9 collisions, the electricity of the already fairly weakened 4th thunderbolt has almost been canceled out. The remainder of the thunderbolt is then swallowed directly by Xiao Hei at one stroke.

Xiao Hei has overcome the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation.

“Since when did Xiao Hei become so strong?” Qin Yu is indescribably shocked.

Xiao Hei has always been following him so he knows very clearly that it did not have any special skills. But just now, Xiao Hei sent out flaming flashes and even used a very brilliant skill, shaking its wings 9 times in an instant, which, one should know, was an extremely short amount of time.

Pu pu ...

Qin Yu feels an acute pain on his back again. Just now he lost his concentration a bit and therefore was unexpectedly hit by another attack.

“This bunch of doggies!” Qin Yu curses angrily inside. Xiao Hei has overcome the tribulation so he is no longer worried. Now he can focus his entire mind and energy on fighting. His speed even increases a little again thanks to that. Afterwards, blood continues to splatter everywhere and severed limbs keep flying all over the place among this group of several hundred Blue Flame wolves.

Suddenly –

An eagle cry rises through the sky. Xiao Hei, which has just gone through the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, spreads its wings and dives down extremely fast. When it is about to come near the group of Blue Flame wolves again, its wings make exceedingly subtle vibrations.

Zigzagging like a bolt of lightning!

Whizz ...

Even Qin Yu only sees a black shaft of light flash on and off continuously. Following that, the bodies of several tens Blue Flame wolves split into 2 or 3 parts. These wolves seem to have been cut by a sharp blade. All of the wolves immediately stop.

“Xiao Hei!” Qin Yu is astonished.

Xiao Hei, which is flying high in the air, utters another cry and executes the special skill it used just now again. This time Qin Yu observes it very carefully using his holy sense. He sees clearly that Xiao Hei shakes its wings quickly according to a fantastic path of movement and flashes directly through the pack of Blue Flame wolves like a black flash of lightning.

Xiao Hei’s wings are extremely hard. Now they have even caught up with holy weapons in hardness and are sharp like knives. Every time Xiao Hei flashes through the wolves, it cuts many of them into several pieces.

“Roar roar ...”

The leading wolf roars urgently at once. This wolf’s intelligence is not low therefore it can see that the black eagle, which originally was not a serious threat, has transformed after going through the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. The eagle can fly whereas they, as Blue Flame wolves, cannot. The black eagle only needs to dive down 10-odd times to exterminate several hundred Blue Flame wolves.

Following the roar of the leading wolf, several hundred Blue Flame wolves immediately retreat at a very fast speed, running directly toward the mountain forest where they came from.

Hu!

Hu!

Like a glider, Xiao Hei flashes extremely fast through the Blue Flame wolves 2 more times in quick succession, killing nearly 100 of them again. Afterwards, all the other wolves run into the mountain forest, leaving behind 400 to 500 corpses of wolves on the former battlefield.

Xiao Hei lets out another cry, seemingly wanting to charge into the mountain forest.

“Xiao Hei, no need to chase.” Qin Yu’s facial muscles slightly twitch. At the moment, there are over 100 wounds on Qin Yu’s entire body. However, most of them are just skin-deep and only 4 or 5 of them are really severe. Luckily for him, the Meteoric Tear is healing the wounds nonstop by sending out many clear streams.

With a wave of the wings, Xiao Hei flies across the lake then lands beside Qin Yu. It stares at the wounds on his body. Apparently it is somewhat worried by them.

“Don’t worry, they’re just skin-deep. I didn’t die even when my heart was penetrated. These small wounds don’t matter. Let’s go. We’ll return for a rest.” Qin Yu gives a ha-ha laugh, which has a distinctive heroic flavor. Then he and Xiao Hei go back to Lei Mountain House at once, leaving behind a field of Blue Flame wolves’ corpses.

In this battle, Qin Yu killed from 300 to 400 Blue Flame wolves.

He is a peak Xiantian external expert and has practiced the Trans-Heaven 3 Diagrams to perfection so his body is even comparable to diamond in hardness. Added to that the purple energy formed a protective energy cover around his body, and early-phase and middle-phase Xiantian Blue Flame wolves could only leave shallow wounds on his body and hold him down.

Only late-phase and peak Xiantian Blue Flame wolves could really cause him serious wounds. However, fighting multiple opponents is what Qin Yu is best at. In addition to that, he has 2 middle-class holy weapons and the Meteoric Tear continuously healed his injuries from inside his body, therefore this feat is nothing unusual for him.

......

In the Training Hall of Lei Mountain House, Qin Yu is sitting with legs crossed on the floor practicing meditation. Xiao Hei is also standing on one side of him. The black feathers on its body are radiating various rays of light. Obviously it is practicing.

After an hour, the various wounds which originally covered his body have all but disappeared. Even the several wounds on his stomach, which at the beginning were shockingly large ones, have become faint scars by now. The Meteoric Tear is indeed incomparably miraculous.

Whenever a clear stream flows to a wound, Qin Yu feels a continual numbing sensation in the wound. He enjoys that kind of sensation. After going through this crazy battle, Qin Yu feels that his own purple energy seems to have even become a bit more refined.

“He -- hello.” A slightly stuttering voice which is cold as ice suddenly rises in Qin Yu’s mind.

Qin Yu is startled: “There’s someone!” He immediately opens his eyes and looks around. Suddenly he notices that Xiao Hei is staring at him with its eyes full of excitement. An idea springs to his mind. He thinks of one possibility but finds it somewhat hard to believe.

“Xiao Hei, is it you?” Qin Yu stands up and looks at Xiao Hei in disbelief.

“Yes, it’s me. I’ve given myself a name, Hei Yu ...” Xiao Hei is using holy sense communication for the 1st time therefore he was fairly nervous in the beginning but then calmed down. He has named himself Hei Yu because Yu is Qin Yu’s given name.

“Ha-ha, very good, very good!!!” Qin Yu’s eyes glitter with excitement. He then hugs Xiao Hei, saying: “From now on we can communicate at will. This is really very good. Ha-ha, Xiao Hei, I’m 7 years older so you call me big brother. Ha-ha, quickly say it.” Qin Yu says with excitement.

Xiao Hei has become slightly excited as well. After quite a while, he finally says via holy sense communication: “Big, big brother!”

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are excited about each other for a long time. Then Qin Yu begins to ask some doubts he is having in his heart.

“Xiao Hei, how does your voice rise in my mind? Also, during the tribulation just now, how did you become formidable all of a sudden? I remember you weren’t so formidable in the past.” Qin Yu is very curious. “Right, I remember many demonic beasts can transform into a human after overcoming the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, why haven’t you done that?”

Xiao Hei is stupefied. Qin Yu knows he has asked too many questions so he immediately says: “Take your time, talk about them one by one.”

Xiao Hei thinks for a while then says: “When I just reached the Jindan stage, I automatically gained the ability to use holy sense communication. Too bad, to transform into a human I have to overcome the 9-from-9th Heaven Tribulation first. Also, during the tribulation, many demonic beast techniques suitable for me to practice suddenly appeared in my mind. There are some basic techniques so naturally I was able to use them.”

“You can only turn into a human after going through the 9-from-9th Heaven Tribulation?” Qin Yu is astonished. He has read some Xiuzhen books so he knows that it is harder for a more formidable beast to transform into a human. By contrast, some weak demonic beasts can turn into humans very easily.

It looks like Xiao Hei is a relatively formidable demonic beast.

It is regrettable that Qin Yu does not know the real significance of the sentence “many demonic beast techniques suitable for me to practice suddenly appeared in my mind” said by Xiao Hei. If he were a knowledgeable Xiuzhenist, he would probably know that it means Xiao Hei has ‘hereditary memories.’

“You are capable of holy sense communication but not speech?” Qin Yu asks.

Xiao Hei shakes his head powerlessly, saying: “No, my throat is different from a human’s so it’s very hard for me to speak human. I can only use holy sense communication. But isn’t holy sense communication very good? I can express what I want to say with just a thought. It’s much faster than speaking.”

Qin Yu can only nod.

“Alright, Xiao Hei, first you stay in this Lei Mountain House and practice more. There’re only 2 months before I undergo my tribulation. During this period I must practice seriously.” Qin Yu says to Xiao Hei, who nods repeatedly and says through his holy sense: “Big brother, you can practice without worries. I’ve just reached the Jindan stage so I have many things to do as well.”

Quite a few secret Xiuzhen techniques have appeared in Xiao Hei’s mind so naturally he wants to have a good try at learning them. Qin Yu will also stay in Lei Mountain House and train in peace while waiting for the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation 2 months later.

As the days go by, Xiao Hei and Qin Yu pay no attention to what happens outside and practice hard wholeheartedly. The surroundings of Lei Mountain House are also quiet because the Blue Flame wolves no longer dare to come to this place. By contrast, in the Chu kingdom on the Qian Long continent, undercurrents are surging at the moment.

End of b4c4.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C5: The power of lightning

“Ha-ha, even Heaven is helping me, even Heaven is helping me ... This is really good, very good!!!” Holding a confidential letter in his hand, the Chu emperor Xiang Guang is so excited that he cannot restrain himself. Standing on one side, the hook-nosed man says respectfully: “This means Heaven wants the Qin clan to be destroyed. After all, Your Majesty is the real Son of Heaven.”

At the moment Xiang Guang is high-spirited and vigorous.

“Qin De, hey Qin De, you’ve been smart all your life but you’ve even attempted to take things from my hands several times. Eventually your Qin clan’s bases and accomplishments of several hundred years will also be ruined.” In a normal situation, given Xiang Guang’s courage, he would not dare to go to war because, after all, the Qin clan has quite a few troops and, moreover, they have been training on the border with the Wilderness for many years so they are superior to the troops of the other 3 big clans.

“Your Majesty, in the secret meeting this time between North Vanquishing Prince and Qin De, Qin De wanted to send 300,000 troops through North Vanquishing Prince’s territory to attack us, 300,000 troops, no less. Have you considered the possibility that, when North Vanquishing Prince switches sides, he will be defeated by Qin De’s army? After all, Qin De’s army is really very powerful.” The hook-nosed man says quietly.

That confidential letter was sent by Shangguan Hong, which talks about the most recent meeting between him and Qin De and its details.

Xiang Guang ponders for a while then says with a smile: “Don’t worry. There’s a very close relationship between the Shangguan clan and my Xiang clan. Moreover, when Qin De’s army goes into North Vanquishing Prince’s territory, he won’t be able to command it properly. When the time comes, I’ll send the army of the Xiang clan to cooperate with the Shangguan clan to attack them from both inside and outside. Humph, once those 300,000 troops are exterminated, the Qin clan will lose half of its army. Right, I sent you to tempt those Black Water mountain range bandits, how did it go?”

The hook-nosed man says hurriedly: “Your Majesty, after I told them that you had accepted their demands, those Black Water bandits and I took an oath of loyalty by drinking blood. Don’t worry, Your Majesty, these Jianghu fools value blood oaths greatly.”

Xiang Guang immediately laughs with satisfaction: “Very good. With the existence of those Black Water bandits in its territory, the Qin clan won’t mobilize that 200,000 strong army. Otherwise its den will be plunged into chaos. Even though it has raised 200,000 more troops, it will only be able to use 600,000. Humph, in addition, 300,000 of them will be annihilated in the Shangguan clan’s territory. Then, even the Fierce Tiger Corps will become useless. I want to see how the Qin clan is going to fight me at that time.”

“Your Majesty is brilliant.” The hook-nosed man bows and says.

Xiang Guang nods with satisfaction and says: “Very good. This time you carried out the job of tempting those Black Water bandits very well. You’ll be rewarded for this accomplishment. I’ve heard you like Yan Xizhi’s paintings so I give you this ‘Mother and Son’ painting.” As Xiang Guang is saying, he picks up a scroll from the table and hands it over to the hook-nosed man directly.

“I’m so grateful for your grace, Your Majesty.” The hook-nosed man immediately receives this painting.

“All right, you can go.” Xiang Guang says with a wave of his large sleeve. At the moment, it is clear that he is in an especially good mood. Seeing the hook-nosed man leaving, he says again: “Right, when you have free time, you must view this ‘Mother and Son’ picture carefully to grasp the essence of Grandmaster Yan Xizhi’s painting.”

“Yes!” The hook-nosed man says at once then walks out of the imperial study.

On the way home, he sneers inside: “The Mother and Son painting? This fellow Xiang Guang is a bit too cruel already.” The most important things to him are his wife and son so of course he understands what Xiang Guang implied by giving him this Mother and Son painting.

......

With a totally grim expression, Zhao Yunxing is looking at a military map.

“General.” A young man bows and says behind him.

“What’s the matter?” Zhao Yunxing says indifferently.

That young man says: “General, His Highness has ordered us and another army to enter the 2 Northern region counties together. I think it is somewhat inappropriate to do this.”

“What’s inappropriate about it?” A faint smile appears on the corners of Zhao Yunxing’s mouth but he still does not turn around.

The young man immediately straightens up, saying: “Through negotiation, His Highness has reached an agreement with the Shangguan clan that we’ll enter its territory and borrow ways to attack the Xiang clan. But is that Shangguan clan really on our side? If it is pretending to support us and in fact is supporting the Xiang clan, that will be a terrible thing to do. After all, the 2 Northern region counties are under the Shangguan clan’s complete control.”

“Don’t tell me you think His Highness hasn’t considered this point?” Zhao Yunxing asks in reply.

The young man immediately says: “His Highness of course must’ve thought about this. But the 3 Southern region counties are extremely loyal to the Xiang clan. When they join forces, they’ll have more than half of the Chu kingdom’s military power. So, His Highness had no choice but to get help from that North Vanquishing Prince. I think His Highness thought of this point, but, due to circumstances beyond his control, he had to cooperate with the Shangguan clan. However, if the Shangguan clan switches sides during the war, it will be terrible for us.”

“Yanyun, His Highness’s point of view is different from yours. He oversees the overall situation so he has everything in the palm of his hand. How can this small matter possibly halt His Highness’s undertaking? 2 months later, you’ll naturally understand everything.” Zhao Yunxing turns around and says with a smile.

A faint, relaxed smile appears on the young man’s face at once: “Since His Highness is so wise, now I can stop worrying.”

“Alright, Yanyun, you can leave first.” Zhao Yunxing says smilingly.

“Yes!” The young man turns around and leaves. Upon reaching the door, he stops, turns his head around and says quietly to Zhao Yunxing: “Father, it’s already midnight. You’d better have a rest soon. The war will break out shortly so your health is very important.”

As he finishes saying, he leaves.

Hearing that, Zhao Yunxing cannot help giving a faint smile.

Zhao Yunxing’s son Zhao Yanyun is also in the army but Zhao Yunxing has ordered that they only treat each other as a subordinate and a superior here. Therefore, Zhao Yanyun usually calls his father general.

The war will happen soon so both the Qin clan and the Xiang clan are bustling with secret activities. Their spies are also deployed completely.

In the dark, they bribe the enemy’s important employees or frame the enemy’s generals or assassinate the enemy’s personages. Counter-espionage, sex trapping and various other ruses are used totally fluently by them. Following the Qin clan’s mobilization of the army that has always been stationed on the border with the Wilderness, the whole Chu kingdom is covered in a shroud of pressure.

The Qin clan sends highly valuable gifts to the Black Water mountain range bandits to tempt them. The bandits unexpectedly accept the gifts. The Xiang clan, however, is not angry about this at all. Moreover, the number 1 assassination organization, the Heavenly Net, also announces publicly that it will stop undertaking any missions relating to the Chu kingdom.

In short, almost anyone feels the pressure of the fact that there is something in the wind. Perhaps, only Qin Yu, who is practicing in peace in the Wilderness, still cannot feel this atmosphere.

######

On the blue lake beside Lei Mountain House,

Qin Yu is sitting with legs crossed, sitting on the water without sinking. Many purple energy streams are moving around his body. These purple energy streams are formed by none other than the purple energy inside him. After practicing for several months, Qin Yu’s purple Xiantian energy has almost become a liquid similar to mercury.

Inside his body, this formidable energy is rolling. Qin Yu can totally feel a surge of muscle power in every muscle and even in the smallest cell of his entire body. The purple energy is flowing to every place of his body, refining his muscles and bones nonstop.

Suddenly the winds rise. Large waves immediately appear on the surface of the lake. The water in the lake starts to heave up and down. Sitting with legs crossed on the surface of the lake, Qin Yu moves up and down along with the water like a float.

Hu ~~~

Fierce winds blow. Great waves appear on the lake with a boom, any of which is 10-odd m high. It looks as if the entire surface of the lake is being lifted up by a giant. Qin Yu can no longer remain apathetic as he did just now. Immediately making a push against the water surface with his feet, he leaps towards the lakeside. At the same time, he stares powerlessly at the initiator, Xiao Hei.

“Xiao Hei, I know your wings can cause fierce winds, but don’t play pranks on me, okay?” Qin Yu says unhappily while looking at Xiao Hei, who is spreading his wings.

Xiao Hei pulls his wings back. The lake calms in an instant. Having formed the jindan and practiced various techniques in his hereditary memories, now Xiao Hei has an even swifter and fiercer air about him. Currently, even Qin Yu is far from being a match for Xiao Hei.

“Big brother, I was only training your vigilance a bit. I did it for your sake, why are you blaming me?” Xiao Hei’s voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind.

Qin Yu says jokingly: “Alright, you’ve overcome your heavenly tribulation so you’re stronger than me at the moment. I won’t fight you now. Tomorrow evening I’ll have to undergo my tribulation too. After overcoming it and practicing the Stellar Transformations I’ll let you know how formidable I am.”

“Stellar Transformations? Big brother, I have quite a few fantastic practice techniques. They’re not inferior to your Stellar Transformations.” Xiao Hei says proudly while spreading his wings. After forming the jindan he has been practicing some secret techniques for 2 months so his power has improved by leaps and bounds. At the moment he is very confident.

Qin Yu gives a smile: “Won’t we know who’s more formidable after sparring?”

This period of time, Qin Yu has read many books about practice carefully. The Stellar Transformations certainly has been read from beginning to end once. Not only has he memorized its practice method, he has also memorized some intuitive understanding Lei Wei gained during his practice or tribulations in the past.

Qin Yu has become even more confident that he will withstand the incoming 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation.

The next day, Qin Yu sits calmly with legs crossed on the meadow beside the blue lake waiting for the heavenly tribulation. Today Xiao Hei also practices in peace on one side of him instead of interrupting him, which is a rare thing. Last time Qin Yu was his watchman so this time he is going to watch over Qin Yu.

The setting sun goes down westward, illuminating the whole Wilderness with its crimson light.

Fierce winds suddenly blow. The huge trees in the nearby mountain forests start to shake violently because of the winds. Their leaves begin to float in all directions. The ‘clack’ noises of huge trees getting broken are heard nonstop. In an instant, the sky darkens. The atmosphere has changed drastically, causing Qin Yu and Xiao Hei to stop practicing.

“Ha-ha, my heavenly tribulation is arriving. Xiao Hei, guard me carefully this time. If any demonic beasts come, kill them all for me.” Qin Yu shouts loudly.

Xiao Hei flaps his wings and says via his holy sense: “Don’t worry, big brother. Within several hundred li of this place is my territory. No demonic beasts will dare to disturb you. If any of them comes here, I’ll exterminate its clan.” This period of time, Xiao Hei has indeed turned the area within a several hundred li radius of Lei Mountain House into his own territory.

The sky has turned into dark red, looking very oppressive.

A huge maelstrom appears in the center of the dark red sky. Various serpentine electric sparks also appear in the sky. They then get absorbed in quick succession by the maelstrom. In just a short while, the maelstrom stops spinning and becomes a huge purple tribulation cloud that is flickering with flashes of lightning. Everything shows that the heavenly tribulation has come.

Qin Yu stands calmly without moving. By contrast, Xiao Hei spreads his holy sense out and pays attention to everything around. He definitely will not let any demonic beasts come near to cause trouble no matter what.

How powerful will the heavenly tribulation of a peak Xiantian external expert be? One should know that people of different power levels will experience different heavenly tribulations. Since Qin Yu is much more powerful than ordinary peak Xiantian experts, how damaging will his 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation be?

“The 1st thunderbolt is the weakest so it’s also the easiest to beat.” Qin Yu raises his head, looking at the tribulation cloud. There is unexpectedly a faint smile on his face at the moment.

He remembers clearly some descriptions of how Lei Wei overcame his tribulations written in the book of the Stellar Transformations and even some methods of overcoming the tribulations proposed by Lei Wei. Qin Yu has decided to use a very grandiose method among them to take on the 1st thunderbolt.

The tribulation cloud rolls, creating a continuous rumble of thunder. It exerts a pressure on everything in the area directly below it.

Boom!

A purple thunderbolt shoots straight down extremely fast from the sky. It strikes at Qin Yu’s head furiously, but he raises his head, looks at it and unexpectedly stays still. There is a hint of madness in his eyes. The purple thunderbolt strikes upon his body squarely with a boom.

Qin Yu’s body is totally covered in and run through by the purple thunderbolt.

“Ha-ha, it feels good, very enjoyable, very enjoyable!”

Qin Yu does not put up any resistance and uses only his body to take on the thunderbolt. At his current level in external practice, if he could not withstand even the 1st thunderbolt, it would mean his external training has come to nothing. The book of the Stellar Transformations says that using lightning to train the body is exceptionally useful for his power improvement. The lightning, of course, must not be too strong. Otherwise Qin Yu’s body will not be able to endure it.

The bones in his entire body emit a series of clack noises. As the thunderbolt runs through his muscles and cells, a fairly large portion of its energy is gobbled up. Some changes happen to the already extremely powerful muscles at once and they become even more powerful.

“It feels good, really good. Xiao Hei, did you see how I withstood the 1st thunderbolt?” Qin Yu even jokes leisurely with Xiao Hei on one side of him.

However, Xiao Hei remains silent and keeps observing the surroundings with his holy sense.

Qin Yu has overcome the 1st thunderbolt this way, but he has not used a single bit of his internal energy. Instead, once more, he has strengthened his muscles and increased his power. Most other people have had to spend their energy to overcome the 1st thunderbolt, but Qin Yu has become even more powerful thanks to it. One losing and one gaining, this is the difference between them.

“Big brother, be careful a bit. The 2nd thunderbolt is much stronger than the 1st. You can’t use that method again.” Xiao Hei warns him.

At this moment, the tribulation cloud is rolling nonstop in the sky. Obviously it is charging the 2nd thunderbolt. Qin Yu was able to absorb the 1st thunderbolt like that, but the 2nd one will be relatively more powerful so he does not dare to take it on aggressively as he did just now -- letting the thunderbolt hit him squarely -- either.

“Don’t worry. I know when I should stop.” He can feel Xiao Hei’s concern.

Thunder is rolling. The atmospheric pressure under the cloud increases again. Qin Yu immediately focuses his entire mind and energy to prepare to resist the 2nd thunderbolt. Following a sky-shaking crash of thunder, an aquatic-dragon-like purple thunderbolt shoots out from the tribulation cloud and comes down directly at Qin Yu.

“Bring it.”

His eyes flash with excitement. The energy in his body immediately surges forth. In an instant, his body radiates a purple light as if made of a purple jade. The purple energy covers his body at once, forming a protective energy cover. There are even random small electric sparks moving around it.

End of b4c5.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C6: The Stellar Flame

Like the hammer of the thunder god, the purple thunderbolt fiercely strikes upon Qin Yu’s body. In just a while, his purple protective energy cover is destroyed like paper. The lightning then hits his chest squarely.

Compared to when he was resisting the 1st thunderbolt, this time Qin Yu’s body has completely fused with the purple energy, looking like a chunk of a purple jade and having enhanced defense. The protective energy cover has neutralized some of the lightning’s energy, but the 2nd bolt is really a bit too powerful.

“I was careless ~~~” Qin Yu slightly frowns. A smell of burnt flesh comes into his nose. At the same time, he feels a continual burning sensation on his skin. That thunderbolt’s power has burnt Qin Yu’s skin and even his flesh has suffered some damage.

“Big brother.” Seeing Qin Yu’s chest burning, Xiao Hei cannot help getting anxious.

“Never mind, it’s just skin-deep.” Qin Yu says in an unconcerned manner.

Xiao Hei lets out a sigh of relief then advises Qin Yu carefully via his holy sense: “Big brother, undergoing the tribulation is not something to be taken lightly. You have middle-grade holy weapons, right? But you’re not even using them. If you take on the tribulation this way, you’d get injured even if your body was stronger.”

Qin Yu says with a smile: “Just now I was a bit careless. At first I thought with the fusion of my body and the purple energy in addition to the protective energy cover I could withstand the 2nd thunderbolt. I didn’t expect it to be slightly more powerful than in my estimation.”

As Qin Yu is saying, in his body the Meteoric Tear sends out many clear streams again, which flow to the damaged areas of his flesh. He immediately feels many bursts of a numbing sensation and those minor injuries on his body heal in an instant. Having the Meteoric Tear, Qin Yu’s daring action just now was nothing special.

“Big brother, your heavenly tribulation is even somewhat stronger than mine. Don’t be too careless.” Xiao Hei on one side warns.

Qin Yu gives a mile. He knows Xiao Hei cares about him.

As time passes, the purple tribulation cloud rolls even more urgently. Serpentine electric sparks flash out from it nonstop. They are so fierce that they actually wreak havoc within several tens li of the cloud. The 3rd thunderbolt is being charged continuously. The purple energy inside Qin Yu’s body is activated again.

Boom!

A purple thunderbolt shoots out directly from the tribulation cloud like a wandering dragon and strikes down at Qin Yu. The thunderbolt looks really frighteningly powerful and oppressive.

“Ha-ha~~~”

Qin Yu laughs out loud. With eyes suddenly blazing, he stares at the purple thunderbolt that is striking down. At the same time, loading a fist with his 10,000-jin-power, he throws an extremely fast punch directly at the thunderbolt like an aerolite --

Boom!

The violent collision totally distorts the air in its vicinity. Qin Yu’s entire feet sink into the ground all of a sudden but the 3rd thunderbolt has been shattered by Qin Yu with this one punch, turning into sinuous electric sparks that flicker on the surface of his body.

The Flaming Glove on his hand is not damaged in the slightest.

“The 3rd thunderbolt was just so-so.” He says with a smile.

He has the Flaming Gloves so a fist was enough for him to handle the 3rd thunderbolt with ease. One should know that in the past Fengyuzi relied on just a low-grade holy weapon to overcome the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. With the help of the Flaming Gloves, it is nothing out of the ordinary that he was able to smash the 3rd thunderbolt with a punch.

“One more thunderbolt is left. Once I’ve overcome the tribulation, I’ll practice the Stellar Transformations and become a Xiuzhenist as well.” Qin Yu raises his head and looks at the tribulation cloud, but he is thinking about what will happen after the tribulation. As soon as he thinks about the Stellar Transformations, a trace of excitement appears in his heart.

The tribulation cloud rolls. Thunder crashes. Then a purple bolt of lightning begins to flicker continuously in the cloud. Suddenly, on the edge of the mountain forest, several Blue Flame wolves stick their heads out to take a look. Xiao Hei immediately casts a glance at them with his sharp eyes. Those Blue Flame wolves are so scared that they retreat into the forest at once.

“Those Blue Flame wolves really want to be exterminated.” Qin Yu takes an unconcerned glance at them then raises his head and looks at the tribulation cloud. In an instant, the purple thunderbolt shoots down from it.

Boom!

Fierce winds blow. The purple thunderbolt zigzags downwards like a wandering purple dragon and strikes directly at Qin Yu. This is the last thunderbolt. After overcoming it, Qin Yu will be a Xiuzhenist.

“Break for me!”

Qin Yu laughs out loud. His entire body’s muscles suddenly bulge out. Carrying mountain-shattering forces, his 2 fists are thrown fiercely at the thunderbolt like 2 meteorites. Those Flaming Gloves are also radiating a dark red light.

“Boom!” With a boom that shakes the sky, the thunderbolt strikes upon the Flaming Gloves, a middle-grade holy weapon. It instantly breaks into various flickering serpentine electric sparks.

A violent collision!

As if Qin Yu is smashed on with an iron sledgehammer, the lower half of his body instantly sinks into the ground. Qin Yu suddenly shakes his head hard. Due to that violent collision a moment ago, even he feels a tingling sensation in his fists and something sweet in his mouth. A mouthful of blood then rushes up his throat.

“Bang!” Throwing a palm strike at the ground, his entire body shoots up.

Xiao Hei’s happy laughter rises in his mind: “How was the impact force of the thunderbolt just now, big brother?”

“So-so.” Qin Yu forcibly swallows that mouthful of blood back, but he secretly curses: “I was mistaken. The 4th thunderbolt hit much harder than the 3rd one. That impact force not only numbed my arms, it even made my blood surge up.”

Xiao Hei flaps his wings and flies up to Qin Yu’s side in an instant while crying very happily. He even pats Qin Yu’s back gently with his wings to express his congratulations.

“Big brother, my compliments to you for overcoming the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation.” Xiao Hei is extremely happy for Qin Yu.

“Well, Xiao Hei, you’ll have to practice alone for a while because I’ll undergo a closed-door training session. I’m going to concentrate on practicing the Stellar Transformations. This technique has 6 stages and the starting one, Nebula stage, is unexpectedly the hardest.” Qin Yu says to Xiao Hei.

Qin Yu has read the book of the Stellar Transformations. The book also contains Lei Wei’s descriptions so Qin Yu certainly knows how difficult it is to practice the Nebula stage.

Xiao Hei nods and says via his holy sense: “Big brother, you can focus on practicing without any worry. When you’ve learned it, we’ll have to spar to see which of us is stronger.” Qin Yu cannot help laughing out loud as soon as he hears that. “Alright, just wait. When I’ve succeeded, I’ll surely fight you.”

Afterwards, he goes into Lei Mountain House. This time he has obviously overcome the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation with great ease.

With a low-grade holy weapon, even an ordinary practitioner has a very good chance of successfully going through the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. If he has a middle-grade holy weapon, there will be almost no danger to him. On the Qian Long continent, the number of people who have overcome 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation is less than 1 percent only because of the lack of middle-grade holy weapons.

Qin De, who had a middle-grade holy weapon, was badly injured at the worst moment by Ge Min but he still withstood the tribulation in the end. This goes to show how important a middle-grade holy weapon is.

In the center of the silvery floor of the Training Hall,

Qin Yu is sitting with legs crossed and studying the instructions of the Stellar Transformations one by one in his mind.

Having been training since he was a little kid, now it has finally become possible for him to enter the world of Xiuzhenists at one stroke through the Stellar Transformations. Becoming a Xiuzhenist will mean that he will reach a whole new level and step into a new world where afterwards he will interact and fight with Xiuzhenists, who possess fantastic abilities such as flight and travelling through the ground.

Suddenly –

“Master, 1st Master Lei Wei recommended that, if you really want to practice the Stellar Transformations, you should view some images first, afterwards it will become easier for you to practice.” Qin Yu opens his eyes, feeling doubtful inside. He accepted this Stellar Transformations technique so he has considered Lei Wei his master ever since. He says with a nod: “Let me have a look, Starlet.”

“Meow --“

Starlet immediately disappears with a sweep of its tail.

The entire Training Hall’s walls and floor both then become transparent. At the same time, images of the universe appear. The Training Hall seems to become a miniature universe. In the distance stars are burning while planets are floating in his vicinity. There are even gloomy empty spaces.

Suddenly --

The images surrounding the Training Hall change. That universe disappears and a huge nebula appears before Qin Yu’s eyes.

This nebula is drifting in the universe like a huge cloud while rotating slowly. It is absorbing the energy of the universe and forming various small round pieces of materials. After so many years, these grains gradually spin towards the center of the nebula.

After many transformations, a celestial body is formed.

......

The cosmic evolution is being shown in detail before Qin Yu’s eyes.

Little by little he immerses himself in these images. At the same time, he remembers the various secret practice methods of the Stellar Transformations and gains some understanding of them. After an indeterminately long time, the images finally show a huge star, which sends out scorching flames and possesses a shockingly great amount of energy.

Qin Yu suddenly remembers that, according to what Fengyuzi told him before, at the end of the War of Immortals, his 2nd master, Lei Wei, left a message after failing to overcome the 9 From 9th Heaven Tribulation.

“I’ve been roaming the boundless space and experiencing the cosmos’s evolution. I’ve been drifting around for some thousand years and visited countless celestial bodies. How come today my soul is falling apart? Heaven doesn’t help me. Stellar transformations! How can the Sun be the final destination? How?! How?! Everyone on this continent listen, today I’ll leave behind the 3 Trans-Heaven diagrams. Anyone who can obtain them and figure out their secret will inherit my technique. Ha-ha ...... O blessing, O disaster ......”

He immediately understands what Lei Wei was thinking.

Actually Lei Wei was capable of overcoming the 9 From 9th Heaven Tribulation, but before its arrival he was ganged up on by several loose immortals, a Dacheng-stage expert and many Dujie-stage and Kongming-stage experts. Lei Wei of course suffered severe injuries under the joint attack of so many people. In that state, how could he possibly have withstood the 9 From 9th Heaven Tribulation that came right afterwards?

Therefore, Lei Wei naturally felt aggrieved at not being helped by Heaven.

The Stellar Transformations is extremely powerful. Before undergoing the 9 From 9th Heaven Tribulation, Lei Wei was already able to kill a Dacheng-stage expert, several loose immortals and many Dujie and Kongming-stage experts. That killing spree left him seriously injured, but he still made it to the 8th thunderbolt of the tribulation, so, it is easy to imagine how great his power was.

Obviously the Stellar Transformations is very powerful, but it is different from the other Xiuzhen techniques in the Xiuzhen world. If Qin Yu practices it, he will have to create new stages for it later. If his attempt at creation fails, he will probably suffer energy deviation, which will destroy his soul.

Qin Yu suddenly stands up and bursts out laughing loudly: “Blessing? Disaster? Ha-ha ... blessings and disasters depend on each other, what’s the use of being overcautious? If I lived my life as a chicken, only following the prescribed order and practicing the recognized techniques of previous generations, it’d be too boring. Master, you created the first 6 stages, I, Qin Yu, will create the succeeding stages. So what if my energy deviates and my soul gets destroyed? At least this will pave the way for the success of later disciples.”

At the moment, there is a surge of heroism in Qin Yu’s heart.

“Alright, let’s start practicing!”

After calming himself down, he sits down with legs crossed and begins to practice the Stellar Transformations carefully.

The 1st stage of the Stellar Transformations -- Nebula stage,

Following the secret method of the technique, Qin Yu starts to move the liquefied purple energy in his body. After he overcame the tribulation, the purple energy has totally turned into liquid. Under Qin Yu’s control, every bit of the purple liquid in his body starts to gather.

The 1st thing he does is gather his energy, concentrating it in the dantian.

Immersing his mind in the dantian, Qin Yu can feel that it seems boundless. He has never seen anyone else’s dantian and does not know if there are any differences between his dantian and those of other people either. Without thinking much, he controls those bits of liquid directly.

The dantian is seemingly boundless like the universe. “Hu hu ...” The liquid energy flows into the dantian like various streams of water then start to merge into a sphere of liquid. If Qin Yu were a jindan practitioner, he could start refining it from this point.

However, he does not cultivate the jindan

“Gather first, disperse later!” Qin Yu remembers clearly the practice method, but when he is about to disperse his energy according to the paths described by the method, suddenly --

A very unusual force appears in the dantian out of thin air. It moves outwards in all directions like a centrifugal force. That liquid sphere naturally is affected. Under this strange centrifugal force, the whole liquid sphere shatters and spreads out in all directions.

Qin Yu’s body is immediately covered in cold sweat. His face turns very pale in an instant.

“No good!”

Qin Yu never thought that at this crucial moment his strange dantian would cause this accident. It should be noted that to enter the Nebula stage, the most important thing is disperse. Not only does the practitioner have to disperse his energy, it is very important that he disperses it completely, therefore he must not make any mistakes during the dispersing process.

The spin of a nebula is dictated by the Way of the Universe and Nature. Originally Lei Wei was only able to come up with the method for energy dispersing after learning through experience for a long time.

“When I practiced internal techniques as a kid, this dantian dispersed my internal energy until nothing was left. Now it’s still the same.” Qin Yu has become impatient, but he is not too worried that his purple liquid energy will disappear because even when it comes out of the dantian he can still control it and fuse it with every place of his body.

However ......

How can he possibly control and make the purple liquid energy imitate the rotation of a nebula when it is affected by his dantian’s centrifugal force?

“I failed in practicing internal techniques, now I’ve failed in practicing the Stellar Transformations too. This strange dantian is really ......” Qin Yu is angry and impatient. The purple liquid energy has dispersed. It has left his dantian in gaseous form and part of it has even flown out of his body.

End of b4c6.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C7: Going home

Qin Yu is struck by a thought. He immediately makes that gaseous energy go back into his body. It was created by him via practice so he can control it with ease.

Suddenly --

A hint of ecstasy appears on his face, an extreme ecstasy.

A moment ago, when that idea sprang to his mind and he made that gaseous purple energy return to his body, the purple energy naturally came back inside him according to his thoughts. In the beginning he concentrated all of his purple energy in his dantian so this time he also moved the gaseous purple energy back into the dantian.

The centrifugal force in Qin Yu’s strange dantian caused this purple energy to rotate about then spread out again.

A cycle!

A nearly perfect cycle!

A nebular maelstrom appears in his dantian. The purple energy inside his body continuously goes into it, rotates about by the effect of the centrifugal force then spreads out again according to the spin of the nebula.

The energy goes outside through his flesh and bones from the dantian then enter the dantian again by going through the flesh and bones.

It is a perfect cycle.

Because his dantian automatically generates the centrifugal force, a nebular maelstrom has been created in it.

“Ha-ha, Heaven is helping me. My strange dantian isn’t a bad thing. Instead ... instead it’s extremely good.” Qin Yu suddenly opens his eyes. They have been filled with ecstasy. At the moment he basically does not have to worry about the control of the energy inside his body.

Now he is extremely excited.

“Nebula, this nebula’s rotation is near perfect, even better than the rotation that Master figured out. Ha-ha ... this, this is really ...” Qin Yu is so excited that he is inarticulate. Anyone who knows the contents of the Stellar Transformations would understand the significance of having a nebula whose rotation is even closer to the Way of Nature than described in the book.

Qin Yu takes a deep breath to calm down then sits down with legs crossed and starts to focus on practicing.

Even though he can automatically practice without control, if he concentrates on practicing like this, he will progress even faster.

The gaseous purple energy spread out of Qin Yu’s body fills the area within 3 m of him. This purple cloud rotates unceasingly. It looks as if his whole body is enveloped in a purple cloud. This purple cloud absorbs stellar energy in nature then rushes into his flesh and bones.

When the stellar energy of the cloud pierces through the muscles and bones, part of it gets absorbed. At the same time, the flesh and bones are refined. Then this stellar-energy-charged cloud returns to the dantian. When it rushes through the nebular maelstrom in the dantian, most of its energy is gobbled up. The purple cloud then spreads out again.

In every cycle, Qin Yu absorbs the stellar energy to refine his mucles and bones and makes the energy in the nebula become even more powerful.

Cycle after cycle, Qin Yu totally immerses himself in that wonderful feeling. Gradually, after an indeterminately long duration, the purple cloud slowly gets lighter and lighter in color. But its energy has become even more and more refined. Qin Yu has been practicing wholeheartedly for a whole month.

After a more than a month,

Now there is an indistinct light-colored cloud in Qin Yu’s vicinity, which continuously absorbs stellar energy. After being refined by stellar energy throughout this over a month period, Qin Yu’s body has become even more similar to jade or diamond.

In his dantian,

There is a perfect nebula. This nebula is made up by various silvery grains. These silvery grains spread throughout the dantian. They are the essense of the vast amount of stellar energy that has been absorbed by Qin Yu, and also his source of energy.

By contrast, in the center of the nebula, there is a light blue flame.

Qin Yu, who has been sitting with legs crossed, suddenly open his eyes and stops practicing. The silvery energy flows into his body in an instant. The nebula, affected by the force of the dantian, is still slowly spining, only that it is merely refining its energy.

“A light blue flame, indeed, by practicing the Stellar Transformations I’ve obtained the Stellar Flame. It’s pretty stronger than the Samadhi Flame.” Qin Yu suddenly stands up.

All Xiuzhenists have a flame in their bodies. Generally, Xiuxianists call it the Samadhi Flame, Xiumoists call it the Devilish Flame and Xiuyaoists call it the Demonic Flame. However, because the Stellar Transformations is not Xiuxian, Xiumo or Xiuyao, the flame inside the body of the practitioner is called the Stellar Flame.

Qin Yu goes to the entrance of the Training Hall. It opens automatically at once.

A black silhouette instantly appears beside him lightly like a cloud. It is none other than Xiao Hei. For the last over 1 month, Xiao Hei has been all by himself and has been worried about Qin Yu. He was wondering why Qin Yu’s closed-door training session had been going on for over a month. Only now can he put his own mind at rest after seeing Qin Yu go out.

“Big brother,” Xiao Hei’s eyes have a hint of delight.

Qin Yu says smilingly: “Xiao Hei, follow me.”

“To where?” Xiao Hei asks doubtfully. Qin Yu says nothing and immediately goes in another direction. Xiao Hei goes after him. Qin Yu heads directly for the Weapon Forging Chamber on the 1st floor of Lei Mountain House.

The door of the Weapon Forging Chamber automatically opens.

“Big brother, you want to forge weapons?” Now Xiao Hei totally understands.

Qin Yu says with a smile: “Yes, when I found the In-rock Flaming iron chunk, Uncle Feng’s Samadhi flame wasn’t powerful enough so he was only able to make middle-grade holy weapons. Actually, In-rock Flaming iron can be used to forge high-grade holy weapons. I also have some high-class crystals so I can merge them with each other and reforge my Flaming Gloves and Flaming Sword once.”

“High-class crystals? Big brother, you’ve got high-class crystals?” Xiao Hei’s pleasantly surprised voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind.

Qin Yu slightly nods then says with a smile: “What’s the matter? Do you want some too?”

Xiao Hei nods repeatedly and says via his holy sense: “In my hereditary memories there is a forging method using the Demonic Flame. Too bad I don’t have any good crystals. That storeroom’s top-class crystals can only be seen. I don’t know where you got these high-class crystals from?”

“Alright, how many chunks do you want?” With a thought, he knows everything about the crystals in the Menghuan ring.

In this spatial ring there are many middle-class crystals and some high-class crystals. Even though the number of high-class crystals is not large, there are still 10-odd of them and each one is relatively big, about the size of the In-rock Flaming iron chunk.

“One is enough. Big brother, can you let me choose? I want one whose nature contains electricity,” says Xiao Hei.

Qin Yu makes a wave of a hand. 10-odd chunks of high-class crystals instantly appear in the Weapon Forging Chamber. Xiao Hei’s interest is quickly caught by a blue crystal. He immediately pulls it over to him using telekinesis then unexpectedly swallows it at one stroke.

“Big brother, you stay here to forge your weapons, I’ll find some place to forge mine.” Xiao Hei says laughingly via his holy sense.

Qin Yu nods then picks out 2 chunks of high-class crystals, one golden and the other shiny black. After being refined by the Stellar Flame, the Flaming Gloves and Flaming Sword have become too small for him because many of their impurities have been removed.

Moreover, the fire nature of In-rock Flaming iron is not very good. When merged with the 2 metal-natured and darkness-natured crystals, the Flaming Gloves and Flaming Sword will become much harder and their radiance will dim. They will even be capable of absorption.

“Master already set up so many formations in the Weapon Forging Chamber. It’ll be much easier for me to forge weapons.” Qin Yu points with a hand while smiling. The Flaming Sword and Flaming Gloves instantly fly to the immediate area above the Weapon-Forging 8 Diagrams Furnace from his body.

At the same time, a light blue flame flies out from inside his body then floats into the 8 Diagrams Furnace. In an instant, the furnace is set ablaze.

“Heavenly Gate, 8 Diagrams, Orthodox!”

Qin Yu’s hand shoots out several indistinct light silvery streams of stellar energy into the several small holes of the 8 Diagrams Furnace. In an instant, the 8-Diagrams Furnace brightens and radiates various rays of light, forming a mysterious written talisman. The temperature of the light blue flame suddenly rises --

Qin Yu gives a smile. The Stellar Flame has 2 forms. Through controlling the formation, he can turn it into the Ultra-yang Flame or the Ultra-yin Flame.

“Chi chi ~~~” At the moment, the Stellar Flame is in its Ultra-yang form. In a short while, the Flaming Gloves and Flaming Sword have been melted. At the same time, their impurities have also been continuously burnt out. Naturally, their sizes have shrunk a lot. Qin Yu points with a hand and the 2 chunks of high-class crystals also fly into the furnace.

Again the Ultra-yang Flame melts these 2 chunks of high-class crystals. When it has burnt up all their impurities, the crystals have become 4 or 5 times smaller.

......

Qin Yu remembers that the most basic forging method of the Stellar Transformations book is to use the Ultra-yang Flame to melt the materials and remove their impurities then to use the Ultra-yin Flame to mold them into objects. Even though this is the simplest method, it muddles him up, mostly because controlling the strength and timing of the flame is extremely difficult.

“Earthly Gate, 8 Diagrams, Reverse!”

After several light silvery streams of stellar energy are shot into the several holes of the furnace, the 8-Diagrams Furnace radiates a different light. In an instant, the temperature of the Stellar Flame seems to have dropped sharply. Now it looks ice-blue from the outside.

......

After forging for a long time, the Flaming Gloves and Flaming Sword are finally formed again. Qin Yu only carves 2 formations into them, one being offensive and the other being defensive.

He saw these 2 formations in a secret book in the study.

“I’ve got too little knowledge of the Art of Formation. According to that secret book, formidable experts can carve 9 offensive formations into a flying sword without a break, forming a cycle that is extremely powerful.” Qin Yu thinks to himself. If Fengyuzi knew what Qin Yu is thinking, he would probably feel ashamed to death.

The Xiuzhen secret books Qin Yu has read are some top-class secret books in the Xiuzhen world collected by Lei Wei in the past. The 2 formations he just carved into his weapons both are extremely profound and secret.

When Fengyuzi forged these weapons for Qin Yu, he only set up a very crude offensive formation on them.

The Flaming Gloves and Flaming Sword are floating before Qin Yu.

Now these weapons have become dark golden, and have also become high-grade holy weapons. The Flaming Sword is about the same size as a common flying sword. Because it can be used both as a short sword and as a flying sword, it is extremely handy.

.....

7 months have passed. Tomorrow is the day the Qin clan has decided to go to war on. In a military base near the Black Water mountain range, the 4 marshals, Qin De and Qin Zheng have gathered together.

Qin De and Qin Zheng are dressed in brocade clothes while the 4 marshals -- Qin Feng, Jiang Tao, Fu Bing and Fan Yu -- are wearing battledress.

“Gentlemen, my Qin clan has been preparing for several hundred years for the eruption tomorrow. The 1st battle will be fought by you. Lei Xue County of the 4 Western region counties must be taken in 1 battle.” Qin De says emphatically while staring at the 4 marshals.

Marshal Fan Yu is the only woman among the 4 marshals. She also has another identity -- the leader of the Black Water mountain range bandits.

“Don’t worry, Your Highness. The Black Water mountain range has been saving for several hundred years only for this one day. As soon as an order is given, 300,000 troops will attack Lei Xue County directly,” says Marshal Fan Yu firmly. They have been occupying the Black Water mountain range for several hundred years to wait for this day.

They have told people on the ouside that they have 200,000 bandits but in fact it is 300,000.

“There’s no need to hurry, Marshal Fan Yu. This battle must be won so I’ll let the other 3 marshals to advance together with you. 300,000 troops of the Qin clan and 300,000 Black Water troops amount to 600,000. They will win the 1st battle like a dike-bursting flood.” Qin De’s eyes glitter.

Qin Feng says: “Don’t worry, father. That Lei Xue County only has 200,000 troops and they are even stationed in the cities so it will be very easy for us to attack. We only have to keep a watchful eye on the Mu clan of the 3 Southern region counties because Lei Xue County is next to the Mu clan.”

“Marshal Qin Feng, we have 600,000 troops. Those 3 Southern region counties only have 600,000 troops and they have to defend those 3 counties so they won’t pose a threat to us.” Marshal Jiang Tao says smilingly.

Qin Zheng on one side says with a smile: “Marshals, my father has made this arrangement also to issue a threat to the 3 Southern region counties and the 4 Western region counties. With an army group of 600,000 troops, it will be very difficult for those 2 forces to defeat you.”

“All right, I’m going to depend on you for the 1st battle.” Qin De says with a loud laugh.

The 4 marshals are also full of confidence. These top military figures then start to discuss with each other in a relaxed manner.

“Oh, Marshal Qin Feng seems to have reached the late phase of the Xiantian level. Marshal Qin Feng, you’re not 28 yet, aren’t you?” With brightening eyes, Marshal Jiang Tao says in amazement.

Qin Feng nods smilingly.

“Marshal Qin Feng is indeed very formidable. You’ve reached the late phase of the Xiantian level before turning 28. Among young men on the Qian Long continent, perhaps you’re the leader.” Fu Bing says with a smile. Fan Yu on one side also stares at Qin Feng with brightening eyes.

“Leader?” Qin Feng shakes his head with a forced smile.

Qin De and Qin Zheng heave a sigh. Qin Zheng says while looking at the marshals: “My 3rd brother reached the Xiantian level in external practice at the age of 18. Moreover, he even reached the peak of the Xiantian level. Even the famous Conqueror of West Chu was far inferior to him!”

At the moment Qin Zheng is indignant.

His 3rd brother was a genius. It is unfair that he died so young and, even worse, died as a total unknown.

“External practice? The peak of the Xiantian level? 18 years old?” The marshals’ eyes pop out of their heads. It is common knowledge that no one on the Qian Long continent has ever reached the Xiantian level through external practice so naturally they find it hard to believe that an 18 year old young man reached such a level.

“Where is 3rd Prince?” Fan Yu asks curiously.

“To save me, Yu’er continuously killed 5 peak-Xiantian experts then perished together with Shangxian Wu Xing of the Xiang clan!” says Qin De. As soon as these marshals hear that, they all take a cold breath and look at each other speechlessly.

......

In the Wilderness,

“Xiao Hei, get ready. We’ll go back at once.” Standing outside Lei Mountain House, Qin Yu shouts loudly to Xiao Hei. Then he mumbles to himself: “It’s been 7 months. I wonder how father and brothers are doing. Perhaps they still don’t know I’m living.”

Thinking about this, Qin Yu becomes even more eager to go home.

Having reached the Nebula stage of the Stellar Transformations and forged 2 high-class holy weapons, he already has enough power to go back through the Wilderness and, therefore, is impatient to go back.

End of b4c7.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C8: Golden Flame Eagle

“Big brother, you finally want to go home?” With a swaying movement, Xiao Hei flies out from inside Lei Mountain House. His eagle eyes radiate intelligence. He has succeeded in practicing his techniques and is of extremely outstanding origins so he can rival humans in brainpower.

Qin Yu takes a glance around then says with a nod: “We’ve been staying here in the Wilderness for 7 months already. Both of us have overcome the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. Moreover, according to the map left by my master, this place is still far from the central parts of the Wilderness, but it is only 100,000 li from the border.”

Only 100,000 li!

Only after reaching the Nebula stage can Qin Yu dare to say so. If he had not overcome the tribulation yet, it would take him at least several years to travel these 100,000 li because, after all, there are various demonic beasts along the way.

Xiao Hei suddenly says somewhat unwillingly: “We haven’t returned for a very long time, but the mortal world on the Qian Long continent is very boring. Even Xiantian level demonic beasts are a rare sight there.”

Qin Yu naturally understands what Xiao Hei is thinking. As a strong man, he finds it very unbearable to live among weak people, none of whom can be a match for him. This is also the reason why he has been longing to enter the Xiuzhen world, in which Xiuzhenists can be seen anywhere.

“We can run along these 100,000 li and fight some demonic beasts to practice at the same time.” Qin Yu gives a smile. “Going back this way perhaps won’t take much time. Xiao Hei, now I’m already a Xiuzhenist too. After meeting my father again and handling all the matters related to mortals, we’ll leave the Qian Long continent then start to travel the boundless world freely.”

Qin Yu’s eyes have a hint of haziness.

That time, because he was not allowed to become his father’s bodyguard during his father’s tribulation, he vented his suppressed feelings of 10-odd years in front of his close relatives. He then left for a half year. During that period, he always pondered and finally he understood that he should live for himself.

If he lived for someone else, not only would this tire him out, it would also put very great pressure on that person. After his complex was sorted out, by chance Qin Yu was given the mission of protecting ‘Mr. Ying’, which later would lead to his killing 5 peak Xiantian experts in a row then perishing together with Wu Xing.

Qin Yu has resolved that after meeting his father again he will go on a journey of his own. After all, he can only start to walk his own path by doing so. The mortal world on the Qian Long continent has really become too small a river for him. It can no longer accommodate Qin Yu because he has transformed from a fish into a dragon.

“Really?” Xiao Hei’s eyes brighten. “Big brother, are you willing to leave your father?”

Xiao Hei only has affection for Qin Yu. As for Qin De and others, he only cares about them a little because of their relationships with Qin Yu. In fact he feels no affection for them. Even if all the other humans died out, Xiao Hei would probably not bat an eye.

Eagles are basically aloof and proud.

“Father? Actually, when there’s affection between us, why must we live together? Moreover, even father will approve of my decision. After all, as Xiuzhenists, we must strive to ascend to the sky, go into the ground, roam the 9th level of the sky, and go on uncertain journeys.”

“Good, big brother, I’ll go wherever you’ll go. Whether you’ll ascend to the sky or go into the ground, I’ll follow you no matter where you go. I’m sure that later our lives won’t be too boring.” Xiao Hei’s eyes glitter.

With a great big smile on his face, Qin Yu pats Xiao Hei’s back.

“Alright, we shouldn’t waste time. Let’s get going now.” Qin Yu turns around and looks at Lei Mountain House. With a thought, the entire house starts to float up and shrink at the same time. Afterwards, it flies into his hand, having become a very small villa.

As soon as he gives it a thought, this Lei Mountain House is sucked into his Menghuan ring.

“Master’s art of forging is really outstanding. He was even able to forge such a huge house.” Qin Yu praises highly. Forging a xian mansion is considered an extremely great skill even in the entire Xiuzhen world. Stellar energy actually is fire in nature so naturally the flame obtained through practicing the Stellar Transformations is exceptionally formidable. Therefore, when Starlet said that Lei Wei was the number 1 in the Xiuzhen world when it comes to forging, it was not bullshitting.

Xiao Hei, however, is very amazed. He knows that this Lei Mountain House is outstanding but he never thought that it could be shrunk at will like a holy weapon.

“Alright, Xiao Hei, let’s go.”

Qin Yu soars directly into the sky like a wisp of blue smoke. “Don’t give yourself a head start.” Xiao Hei utters a cry then, with a wave of his wings, he soars into the sky. In a short while he has already come up to Qin Yu’s side. A man and an eagle then fly directly westwards abreast.

Various light silvery streams of stellar energy are moving around Qin Yu but his body is not experiencing any resistance and is flying extremely fast through the air.

“Wow, big brother, this Stellar Transformations is very terrific. There are many Xiuzhenist-related things in my memory but, according to them, Jindan-stage Xiuzhenists fly very slowly.” Xiao Hei says to Qin Yu via the holy sense while flying next to him.

Qin Yu says with a smile: “Xiao Hei, this Stellar Transformations requires the practitioner to reach the peak of the Xiantian level in body training first, do you know why?”

“No, I don’t.” Xiao Hei blinks a couple of times and replies through his holy sense.

Qin Yu’s eyes glitter. He says smilingly: “When a person practices the first stage of the Stellar Transformations -- the Nebula stage --, a nebula is formed in his dantian. At the same time, his energy is spread outside through his flesh and bones to form another nebula which continuously absorbs stellar energy outside the body. That stellar energy then goes into the nebula in the dantian through the flesh and bones, forming a perfect cycle.”

“The most important link in this cycle is the body, because whether when his stellar energy goes outside from the dantian or when the stellar energy he has absorbed from nature goes into the nebula in the dantian, his flesh and bones are pierced through by stellar energy. If his flesh isn’t durable enough, it’ll soon be burst by this extremely powerful kind of energy. So, he must have a very strong body.”

“In fact, the practice process of continuously absorbing stellar energy is also a body training process. Every time stellar energy goes through his flesh and bones, they are refined and at the same time absorb a portion of stellar energy.”

Hearing Qin Yu’s words, Xiao Hei is slightly stupefied for a while. After a long time, he says through his holy sense: “Ah, it’s like weapon forging, isn’t it? It forges the body like a holy weapon.”

“Almost, only that the body is too important to be refined directly with the internal flame like a weapon. It can only be refined using stellar energy. As he practices, his body will become stronger. It’s even possible for the body to eventually surpass holy weapons.” Feeling strong winds keep blasting onto his face, Qin Yu is very comfortable.

At the moment he is flying through clouds and looking down. Lofty peaks, precipitous mountain ranges, plains and marshes are continuously left behind.

Generally, a Xiuzhenist’s body experiences huge resistance while flying. Qin Yu’s body can match a holy weapon so he is flying with great ease like a holy weapon. As for Xiao Hei, because he is a bird, he is even better at flying.

When a man and an eagle are flying, a huge pressure suddenly comes to them from up ahead. At the same time, a heat wave blows onto their faces from afar. In an instant, the temperature in Qin Yu’s vicinity increases by several hundred degrees.

Qin Yu’s face slightly changes color. He knows they have encountered a demonic beast. Xiao Hei also stops and stares ahead carefully.

In just a moment, a huge golden eagle appears in front of Qin Yu. Not only does this eagle have golden feathers that look like a crown on the top of his head, the feathers on the other parts of his body are also golden. His whole body is enveloped in fierce flames. This eagle is even one size bigger than Xiao Hei.

Qin Yu immediately recognizes him as a Golden Flame eagle because he read quite a few Xiuzhen books in the study of Lei Mountain House.

“A midget Xiuzhenist and a crossbred eagle? Who would’ve thought you would dare to enter my territory?” The Golden Flame eagle looks disdainfully at Qin Yu and Xiao Hei like an emperor looking at beggars, as if their lives are under his control. However, in fact, the current situation is not very different from that.

“Yuanying stage!”

Feeling the opponent’s aura, Qin Yu quickly figures out his power level. This Golden Flame eagle is definitely not at the Jindan stage. Otherwise, he would not feel so powerless in front of him like this.

“Big brother, quickly get away!”

“Xiao Hei, quickly get away!”

Xiao Hei and Qin Yu seem to use holy sense communication simultaneously. They both realize that they are no match for the Golden Flame eagle before them. After all, a Golden Flame eagle is a king among eagles and has great natural abilities so a Yuanying-stage Golden Flame eagle is basically not something they can fight at the moment.

In an instant, a man and an eagle agree to fly extremely fast northwards together. After all, the west has been blocked by that Golden Flame eagle. Shaking his wings very subtly 9 times in quick succession, Xiao Hei immediately gets away very far with a sudden swaying movement of his body like a flash.

Xiao Hei is not worried about Qin Yu at all because they have raced against each other before.

Xiao Hei has a body-maneuvering skill for eagles in his hereditary memories called the Passing Lightning Flashing Nine Times but Qin Yu also has the Body-Weapon Unification technique in the Stellar Transformations book. The dark golden Flaming Sword, a high-grade holy weapon, flies to the underside of Qin Yu’s feet at once.

At the same time, his light silvery stellar energy comes out from his dantian then spreads throughout his body and the Flaming Sword. Now Qin Yu and the sword are like one. Thanks to this, his speed is suddenly increased by almost 10 times. In an instant his silhouette has already disappeared.

Seeing that the 2 ‘little toys’ before him have left him behind very quickly, the Golden Flame eagle is stupefied.

“When an early Jindan-stage crossbred eagle is so fast, it must have some top-class secret body-maneuvering skill.” When he thinks about this, his eyes instantly blaze. Even a Golden Flame eagle will only be taught a simple practice technique by his mother or another Golden Flame eagle.

Seeing that a mere early Jindan-stage eagle like Xiao Hei can fly at such a speed, he is certain that Xiao Hei has an outstanding technique. Generally, demonic beasts in the Wilderness use the most basic, simplest techniques that have been passed down from generation to generation. Very few demonic beasts can be lucky like Xiao Hei, who unexpectedly has hereditary memories that contain top-class practice techniques and even forging techniques.

Hu!

Completely unleashing his Yuanying stage power in the blink of an eye, the Golden Flame eagle suddenly flies faster by several times. He chases after the human and the eagle up ahead like a golden beam of light.

“Big brother, we’re really fast. We’ve left that stupid eagle in the dust instantly.” Xiao Hei says via the holy sense. Now he has become much more relaxed. Qin Yu gives a smile. He also knows that demonic beasts in general only practice some basic techniques and that they basically do not have useful skills such as weapon forging and pill making.

As for Xiao Hei, he is an extraordinary eagle with many fantastic techniques that, when used, have astonished even Qin Yu.

“Crossbred eagle, hand over your secret body-maneuvering skill, I’ll spare your life.” A voice rises in the minds of both Qin Yu and Xiao Hei. At the same time, a heat wave rushes at them. Qin Yu and Xiao Hei, who just now were still relaxed, immediately increase their speeds again with a loud shout.

A black beam of light and a light silvery beam of light fly extremely fast almost side by side. Behind them, there is a huge golden beam of light.

“I’m a Golden Flame eagle, a king with the best flying skill among eagles, and I’ve even reached the Yuanying stage, but who would’ve thought I wouldn’t be able to catch up with a midget crossbred early Jindan-stage eagle? Body-maneuvering skill, he must have an extremely outstanding body-maneuvering skill.” The farther the Golden Flame eagle is left behind, the more he lusts for that body-maneuvering skill.

Even though the Golden Flame eagle cannot catch up with them, for the present Qin Yu and Xiao Hei cannot lose him either.

“Xiao Hei, don’t risk our lives for the moment.” Qin Yu says via his holy sense. He knows Xiao Hei has a special skill that can increase his speed by several tens times instantly, but it is a desperate skill. Qin Yu also has a similar special skill.

Temporarily they cannot give the Golden Flame eagle the slip, but he cannot catch up with them either.

After they have been flying for a while, continuously leaving mountains and forests on the ground behind them, Qin Yu’s eyes suddenly brighten. He has seen a huge lake which is at least several hundred li wide below.

“Xiao Hei, go into the water!”

Qin Yu tells Xiao Hei via the holy sense then dives directly into the water like a beam of light. Xiao Hei dives into the lake with a wave of his wings as well. The Golden Flame eagle utters a sharp cry and also dives down extremely fast.

Birds are afraid of going into water, but both Xiao Hei and the Golden Flame eagle are not ordinary birds. Instead, they are demonic beasts who have overcome the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. Therefore, their speeds are only somewhat affected underwater. However, it is relatively worse for the Golden Flame eagle after submerging because he is fire in nature.

“Yellow chicken, bye-bye ~~~ ha-ha ~~~”

Qin Yu suddenly laughs out loud. His speed seems not to be hindered significantly underwater. Using the Body-Weapon Unification technique, he instantly gets away a very long distance like a humanoid flying sword. As for Xiao Hei, electric sparks suddenly appear on his wings. These electric sparks zigzag in the area within several meters of Xiao Hei.

Water is conductive therefore, when Xiao Hei goes through water, his speed is affected very little. In a very short while, he has also disappeared.

The Golden Flame eagle, however, can only watch these 2 little preys disappear from his field of vision in an instant. He has his holy sense, but its range is only 10-odd kilometers and, moreover, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei already went out of the range of his holy sense a moment ago.

Shortly afterwards, one watching from the sky would see 2 beams of light shoot out of the lake then rush into a huge mountain forest. That mountain forest is enormous. At first sight, no one can see its other end. After a very long time, the Golden Flame eagle, who has failed to find Qin Yu and Xiao Hei, cries furiously. Eventually he flies back to his nest unwillingly.

In the ancient forest, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei both have a lingering fear. If a real fight had taken place, they would have been no match for that Yuanying-stage Golden Flame eagle, who is unusually gifted.

“Xiao Hei, let’s stop flying. We’ll go through the Wilderness on the ground. At the same time, we’ll have a nice training session by fighting some Jindan-stage demonic beasts.” Qin Yu says smilingly. Xiao Hei flaps his wings nonstop to show his agreement.

Then, a man and an eagle no longer fly. After all, even though they want to end this journey quickly, practicing is also fairly important. Of course, fighting Yuanying-stage opponents is a bit too much.

End of b4c8.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C9: Sweeping away all obstacles

While Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are going through the Wilderness fighting one demonic beast after another, in the Chu kingdom on the Qian Long continent, the tension that has been building up for the last half year is going to explode tonight --

The town of Xiyang is a small town near the Black Water mountain range but this time it has become the headquarters of the Qin clan’s war machine. The people in command here are East Vanquishing Prince Qin De and Tactician Xu Yuan, who are playing the game of Go at the moment.

“It’s already dark. It’s about time Marshal Qin Feng’s army launches the first wave of attack.” Xu Yuan, dressed in a black brocade gown, looks into the sky then says to Qin De with a smile. At the same time, he keeps waving the fan in his hand slowly and gently.

After gently putting a white chess piece down, Qin De says dully: “If Feng’er couldn’t even win the 1st battle, he wouldn’t need to be a marshal anymore.”

A faint smile appears on Xu Yuan’s face. Even though Qin De looks very calm, Xu Yuan is still certain that he feels completely uneasy in his heart at the moment because just now he played a wrong move. Given Qin De’s chess skill, he will not make such a mistake in a normal situation.

Calm?

How can Qin De possibly remain calm?

The tension caused by his wife’s death, his son’s death and the Qin clan’s preparation of several hundred years is going to erupt into war tonight, so, even if Qin De is a Universal Golden Immortal he would not be able to calm down.

******

It is gradually getting dark. At the moment, Yanglin City, a small city in the easternmost part of Lei Xue County, is still being strictly guarded. After all, the Xiang clan also knows that the Qin clan is going to attack and, moreover, even though this Yanglin City is considered a defensive obstacle, it is merely a small city. However, based on its intelligence, the Xiang clan thinks that the Qin clan does not have enough power to breach the defense of Lei Xue County and therefore only several thousands troops are stationed in this small city Yanglin.

“The city’s gate is closed. Wait until tomorrow to go out!”

Seeing some people approaching, several tens city guards immediately shout loudly.

“Officers, my father is seriously ill. I must go out right now. Could you please go easy on me?” 2 young scholars walk up to the side of the guards at the city’s gate. At the same time they take out a moneybag and open it. There are unexpectedly some large gold sycees.

The gold sycees glow in the dark, stunning these guards for a while.

Suddenly --

Outside Yanglin City, various strong, muscular people rush out extremely fast from a small forest holding their shields. The guards on the wall of Yanglin City never thought that there were people hiding in that forest. After all, it is not a large one.

All of those soldiers are moving extremely fast, covering several meters with each of their steps. And they are all internal experts. Seeing the speed of the Qin clan’s soldiers, the faces of the guards on the city’s gate immediately go very pale. They see clearly the difference between themselves and the attackers at once.

“The enemy’s raiding! The enemy’s raiding!!!” Instantly, loud shouts can be heard from the top of the city’s wall.

“Quickly scram!” The chief guard, however, takes the gold sycees with a grab then gives the scholar a push. Obviously he wants to rob him of these sycees.

But, with a movement of their bodies, the 2 scholars suddenly look like illusions. Following several muffled gurgles, the several tens guards all open their eyes wide then fall down while covering their throats with their hands. Their blood splatters over a large area. The 2 scholars pull back their daggers and give each other a smile.

The Qin clan’s 1st battle must be won quickly and thoroughly. It should be known that this time Marshal Qin Feng personally leads 100,000 troops into battle and the ones who fight the 1st battle are the absolute cream of the crop among them -- the trump card called Fortification Destroying Regiment.

Even though the Fortification Destroying Regiment has only 3000 soldiers, they have been selected from 100,000 troops so all of them are excellent fighters and practice a fairly formidable internal technique. As for the 2 scholars, they are Xiantian experts from the Secret Arrow group. As Xiantian experts, they indeed needed only a moment to annihilate several tens ordinary soldiers.

“Shoot arrows! Quickly shoot!”

Those panicked officers immediately roar, but the Fortification Destroying Regiment’s experts block the arrows with their shields. They quickly run up to the city’s gate then go into the city ... unhindered.

“Rumbling ~~~”

The city’s gate opens --

“Why is the city’s gate opened? Quickly close it! Close it!” The officers on the city’s walls roar loudly at once.

The experts among the 3000 soldiers rush into the city like arrows leaving bows. After opening the city’s gate, the 2 Secret Arrow experts suddenly take off the scholar clothes on their bodies at the same time, revealing 2 black suits of clothing. After the city’s gate has been opened wide, the 3000 soldiers of the Fortification Destroying Regiment conduct a sweep through this entire small city with great ease.

Whizz!

A whisling arrow is shot into the sky.

“Ha-ha, Yanglin City has been defeated. Immediately start the 2nd wave of attack. We must continuously take the 4 eastern cities of Lei Xue County.” Qin Feng gives an order as soon as he hears the signal of the whistling arrow. He simply does not doubt the result of the 1st battle. Yanglin City is only a small city and he used the 3000 most crack troops who make up the Fortification Destroying Regiment, if those experts had not been able to defeat it, they should commit suicide as an apology.

Following Qin Feng’s order, several whistling arrows are shot into the sky.

Immediately ... the 4 eastern cities of Lei Xue County are attacked by several tens thousand troops when they are barely prepared. In just a half night, the 4 cities are defeated. At the same time, Jiang Tao and Fu Bing each lead 100,000 troops through these 4 cities and start to wipe out any resistance in Lei Xue County.

The 300,000 Black Water troops, who have been bandits before, attack the southern cities of Lei Xue County directly under Marshal Fan Yu’s command. They are divided into quite a few groups whose troops range from under 20,000 to 100,000 in number.

......

Pu!

A Qin army soldier raises his battle knife and directly cuts off a local soldier’s head at one stroke.

“Ha-ha, these chickenshits who haven’t even seen blood are stupid enough to fight us. I, Lian Lang, have killed a dozen of them.” A Qin army soldier laughs out loud but his hands are still mercilessly slaughtering opposing enemies.

“We surrender! We surrender!”

Various Xiang clan soldiers shout. When the Qin clan started to attack, its troops said very loudly “Surrenderers are spared,” and they have indeed kept this promise ever since. Because the Xiang clan soldiers have been living in peace, none of them has ever killed anyone.

In contrast, most of the Qin clan’s troops have been stationed on the border of the Wilderness and have fought some wild beasts so their fighting power is naturally on a different level.

......

A half month, in only a half month,

600,000 troops have swept through the entire Lei Xue County like a flood. The true power of the Qin clan army’s soldiers has been shown for the first time. Most of these soldiers, who have fought in the Wilderness, are far superior to those ordinary soldiers of the Xiang clan, who have never seen real action before.

This time the Qin clan definitely does not take a soft line. It has launched an absolutely fierce attack on the whole Lei Xue County.

In a half month, Lei Xue County has been defeated completely. However, because by now the other 3 counties of the Xiang clan have totally mobilized their large armies, if the Qin clan attempts to forcefully break through their defense, it will also suffer heavy losses. After all, assaulting fortified positions is extremely difficult.

The Black Water Army is then garrisoned in some southern cities of Lei Xue County to deter the Mu clan of the 3 Southern region counties.

______

Pa!

A teacup is fiercely thrown on the ground and shatters.

Bang!

In the imperial study, the specialized desk at which emperors work is flipped over completely. Everything on the desk falls on the ground. At the moment, Xiang Guang is like a furious lion. With his eyes having turned blood-red and wide open, he looks as if he wants to bite people.

“A county, an entire county has been seized just like that. This is a complete mess. My plan has been utterly messed up.”

Breathing heavily, Xiang Guang stares at the several people in front of him with blood-red eyes.

“My intelligence chief, I’ve valued you so much, but how have you treated me? 600,000 troops, do you hear that? The Qin clan used 600,000 troops to attack my Lei Xue County. Where did they come from? Come on! Tell me, where did those 600,000 troops come from?”

Xiang Guang gasps for breath nonstop.

A county is a very large territory with over 100 cities. Moreover, Lei Xue is one of the 4 counties that the Xiang clan has been managing painstakingly, but in only a half month it has been defeated completely.

“The original plan was so nice. You even said you had investigated and totally ascertained that the Black Water bandits could hold down Jiang Tao’s and Fu Bing’s 200,000 troops. With only 100,000 troops under Qin Feng’s command, their defeating my Lei Xue County would’ve been pure fantasy. But what’s the current situation?” Xiang Guang stares at the hook-nosed man.

The hook-nosed man kneels down in terror, saying: “I don’t know either, Your Majesty. Those Black Water bandits unexpectedly didn’t keep their promise and totally gave in to the Qin clan. That 300,000 strong Black Water Army is made up of the former Black Water bandits.” The hook-nosed man is extremely terrified.

“Ha-ha ... surrendered? Gave in?” Xiang Guang raises his head and laughs out loud.

“Those Black Water bandits have been around for several hundred years. For the last several hundred years, the Qin clan has attempted to exterminate them several tens times. Sometimes it even lost several tens thousand troops. Could all these things have been faked? Argh, could everything have been bogus? How could they possibly have submitted to the Qin clan? How could this have happened?”

Xiang Guang bellows.

The leader of the Dominant Dragon Corps, Yi Yan, says: “Your Majesty, now it looks like the Qin clan was already disloyal to you early on and it has been scheming for several hundred years. Those Black Water bandits are also a chess piece that was put down by the Qin clan several hundred years ago. They have always been used to deceive us. Only this can explain why, after fighting each other many times for the last several hundred years, now the Black Water bandits instantly give in to the Qin clan without saying a word.”

Xiang Guang does not want to believe this, but judging by the current situation, it seems Yi Yan is right.

Xiang Guang’s whole body shakes once: “Several hundred years, my goodness, I never thought they had been preparing for several hundred years. How many other hidden chess pieces does it still have? This is a preparation of several hundred years, no less. When it erupted, it was so terrifying!” At the moment Xiang Guang is totally scared stiff by his own thoughts.

The people present are the ones Xiang Guang trusts the most but none of them dares to say anything.

Xiang Guang lowers his head. No one knows what he is thinking. Yi Yan and the others, however, do not dare to interrupt him.

“Ha-ha-ha ...” Xiang Guang starts to laugh softly then raises his head and stares at the other people: “Alright, isn’t it only a county? The Qin clan only has an extra 300,000 Black Water troops, doesn’t it? Alright, I’ll definitely let Qin De know who the Chu kingdom belongs to!”

Xiang Guang is wrong.

After the Black Water bandits turned into Qin clan soldiers, is it true that the Qin clan has only 300,000 more troops? No, it is not. Instead, the Qin clan can use 500,000 more troops because now the 200,000 troops that have been used as a deterrent against the Black Water bandits can take part in the war as well.

Originally the Qin clan had 600,000 troops and secretly recruited 200,000 more troops. Now, with the addition of the 300,000 Black Water troops, it has 1,100,000 troops in total. Moreover, the Qin clan’s army is much better at fighting than the other 3 big clans’.

“Great Ancestor sends for you, Your Majesty.”

A plesant quiet voice rises in Xiang Guang’s ears. Xiang Guang’s body immediately gets a shock. He angrily rebukes the others at once: “All of you go away and do your own work properly for me. If you make one more mistake, don’t blame me for having no mercy.”

“Yes!”

The several people present leave while bowing in an instant.

After they have left, Xiang Guang fixes his clothes a bit then leaves the imperial study directly for a visit to that Great Ancestor.

......

In the Imperial Palace, there are some places where outsiders are not allowed to approach. Eternal House is one of those forbidden areas. By now Xiang Guang has entered Eternal House. He and Mister Lan are standing outside the bedroom of the house. Even though the door of the bedroom is only covered with a beaded curtain, they both do not dare to go through it.

Xiang Guang stands outside the beaded curtain, bows and says: “Guang’er pays his respects to Great Ancestor.”

“Guang’er, tell me about the situation of the war.” An amiable voice comes out from inside the room. Through the beaded curtain, a man who is sitting with legs crossed on a bed can be vaguely seen. The bed is radiating indistinct rays of light.

Xiang Guang arranges his thoughts a bit then says: “Great Ancestor, those Black Water bandits have changed their name to Black Water Army and become a Qin clan army. Using 600,000 troops at once, the Qin clan has taken our Xiang clan’s Lei Xue County after a half month. Now the Qin clan has 1,100,000 troops. My guess is that it couldn’t have wanted to rebel recently. It must have been preparing for several hundred years.”

“Several hundred years? You’re smart to have guessed this.” There is a hint of praise in the voice inside.

With his face not reddening in the slightest, Xiang Guang continues: “Even so, I’m confident of destroying the Qin clan. To my knowledge, it has quietly sent 300,000 troops to the 2 Northern region counties. When the Qin clan starts to attack us, I’m going to let the Shangguan clan switch sides. It’s going to cooperate with the Xiang clan by attacking the Qin clan from within.”

“Oh?”

Xiang Guang is struck by a thought. Thinking about one possibility, he says hurriedly: “Great Ancestor, can Shangguan Hong be trusted? The Qin clan has been preparing for several hundred years so people like Shangguan Hong may have actually submitted to it, which will make that business a disaster.” He has suddenly come up with this idea.

“Don’t worry. Shangguan Hong won’t submit to the Qin clan even if he has to die.” The voice inside says with seemingly complete confidence.

Hearing this, Xiang Guang immediately feels much more relaxed. He has a blind admiration for Great Ancestor.

Suddenly Great Ancestor’s voice inside becomes very serious: “Guang’er, has your secret service investigated the matters related to Qin Yu, the dead 3rd Prince of the Qin clan, especially how he practiced?”

“Qin Yu? That useless 3rd Prince?” Xiang Guang is startled.

In fact Xiang Guang still knows nothing about the great battle connected with Qin De’s undergoing the tribulation. After all, except for Wu De, all of the people he sent died, and Wu De has not told him what actually happened.

“Useless? The Four Directions Death Gods and Ge Min were 5 peak Xiantian experts! A 19 year old brat was able to kill 5 peak Xiantian experts. There was also Shangxian Wu Xing. Just before his death, that brat killed Shangxian Wu Xing too. How could he possibly have been useless?” Great Ancestor is slightly angry.

Xiang Guang is startled.

He has paid relatively close attention to the big son and 2nd son of the Qin clan but has never cared about the 3rd son. However, now even the mysterious Great Ancestor unexpectedly shows interest in this Qin Yu.

“You quickly investigate what technique actually gave a 19 year old kid such a great power. I absolutely don’t believe natural talent can help a person reach that level. He must’ve had a top-class technique. If the Qin clan uses this technique to produce a bunch of top-class experts, it will be a disaster!” Great Ancestor’s voice is serious. Obviously he has become angry.

Xiang Guang has never seen Great Ancestor speak so angrily. He says hurriedly at once: “Yes, I’ll investigate this.” After saying, Xiang Guang leaves Eternal House in a rush.

End of b4c9.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C10: A sudden turn of events

The setting sun is going down westwards. On a plains highway that runs through the 2 Northern region counties, an army is advancing nonstop like a sinuous wandering dragon. It is so long that at first sight no one can see its other end. The soldiers are going four abreast fast with long strides.

Every soldier of this army is vigorous and has a faint killing intent around him. This is a regular army of the Qin clan. Having fought wild beasts in the Wilderness for several years, it is the real deal. Despite being powerful, a single soldier of this army is not fearsome at all. The fearsome thing is, in this army the soldiers as strong as him are counted by the ten thousand.

The 2 special groups near General Zhao Yunxing are especially redoubtable. One of them consists solely of the 1000 soldiers trained by him using the Limit Training method and internal techniques and the other is made up of his personal bodyguards, whose number is only 300. These 2 formidable groups are the trump cards in Zhao Yunxing’s hands.

There is a red-haired lion standing between the 2 groups, which looks as if its entire body is ablaze. Zhao Yunxing is riding this red-haired lion and overseeing the general situation from the middle of the army.

“General, we’re going to reach Lanshan City in only one hour. North Vanquishing Prince has already prepared nice camps for us. When we arrive, we can stay and rest in Lanshan City immediately.” A scholar who is riding a deep red horse says to Zhao Yunxing.

Zhao Yunxing nods with a smile: “Xue Lan, this time we’re arranged to enter the 2 Northern region counties last, it seems His Highness has his own plan.”

The scholar says with a nod: “Among the 3 armies that borrow ways from the 2 Northern region counties this time, yours is undoubtedly the most powerful offensively, but His Highness still let General Sima’s army and General Ouyang’s army go into the 2 Northern region counties first. Despite being pretty good in attack, they are known for their defense. His Highness must have had a good reason to make such an arrangement.”

Zhao Yunxing nods: “There must be a reason behind His Highness’s arrangement. There are many things we can’t understand at the moment but a few months later we’ll realize His Highness’s intentions.”

“His Highness must’ve been waiting for today for a very long time. When the news that the Black Water bandits suddenly changed sides and became an army of the Qin clan spread, everybody extremely admired him.” The scholar obviously holds Qin De in great esteem as well.

Afterwards, Zhao Yunxing and his troops enter the 2 Northern region counties.

......

At this moment the 1st step of the Way Borrowing plan that Qin De and Shangguan Hong agreed upon in their secret meetings has been carried out perfectly. A 300,000 strong army group of the Qin clan has come into the 2 Northern region counties. Of course, according to this agreement, Shangguan Hong does not have to send his troops to attack together and only needs to supply the Qin clan army with some materials.

Now a new situation has arisen in the Chu kingdom.

In the south,

Having occupied several cities of Lei Xue County, the 300,000 Black Water troops are confronting the Mu clan of the 3 Southern region counties. The Mu clan has 600,000 troops altogether but many of them have to defend its own 3 counties so the number of troops who actually can attack is only 300,000 to 400,000 at most.

The Black Water Army does not go on the offensive and only defends so it is simply impossible for the 3 Southern region counties to defeat it. After all, to seize fortified cities, in general the attacking side has to outnumber the defending one by several times.

In the west,

The 3 marshals, Qin Feng, Fu Bing, and Jiang Tao, all have garrisoned their armies in Lei Xue County, which borders the Xiang clan’s Shang Que County and Ba Chu County, wherein the capital of the Xiang clan is located. Their 300,000 troops are confronting the Xiang clan. At the same time, the 50,000 Fierce Tiger troops have also entered Lei Xue County.

As for the north,

In the 2 Northern region counties, at the moment 300,000 troops of the Qin clan are marching nonstop, borrowing ways to head for the west. It is clear that they are preparing to attack Zhen Yang County, one of the Xiang clan’s 4 counties, from the Northern region.

The Qin clan has deployed most of its troops in those 3 directions, leaving only 150,000 troops in the 3 Eastern region counties. 50,000 of these 150,000 troops belong to the Forbidden Guards of the Qin clan, a corps that specializes in protecting the Qin clan’s base and has extremely powerful fighting capability.

......

The Xiang clan, however, does not make any big moves. Its action has been very simple -- only increasing the defense of the areas bordering Lei Xue County. In the end, the number of troops in these areas reaches 400,000. Even though the troops of the Qin clan confronting them only amount to 350,000, these troops actually have amazing fighting ability. Moreover, 50,000 of these 350,000 troops are the Fierce Tiger Corps.

The Xiang clan has also garrisoned 200,000 troops in Zhen Yang County, which is next to the 2 Northern region counties.

As for Shang Que County, which shares a border with the Mu clan, there is nothing to worry about here so the Xiang clan defends it with only 30,000 troops. The Xiang clan also has nearly 400,000 more troops, most of whom are stationed on the border with the Han kingdom. The Han kingdom has not interfered, but preparations have to be made in case it does.

Originally the Xiang clan declared publicly that it had 800,000 troops but in fact it had 1,000,000. Now, all of its forces have been revealed.

......

On a large plain that is being thickly occupied by soldiers, many military tents naturally stand out.

In the central, ordinary-looking tent,

“General Sima, General Ouyang, my Lord wants me to ask why the 2 of you suddenly pitched camp instead of launching your attack when now there’s only a one-day journey left before you reach the Xiang clan’s Zhen Yang County?”

Zhuang Jun, the number 2 figure in the 2 Northern region counties, is loyal and devoted to Shangguan Hong. He has saved Shangguan Hong several times.

Sima Yang and Ouyang Zhi exchange a look then the latter says with a comforting smile: “Brother Zhuang Jun, please inform your Lord that this is a military secret of the Qin clan. It can’t be told to anyone. When the war has ended, your Lord will automatically know what it is.”

Zhuang Jun slightly frowns -- a military secret?

Using only this reason to dismiss him?

“General Sima, General Ouyang, my Lord said that this time my Shangguan clan and the Qin clan will join forces. If you’re not certain that you can breach Zhen Yang County’s defense, my Shangguan clan can help you with 200,000 troops.”

After saying, Zhuang Jun stares at Sima and Ouyang. However, these 2 generals smile as before. It seems they are not surprised by nor do they care about his words.

“It’s not hard to defeat Zhen Yang County at all. The reason why we haven’t got into action is a military secret. It’s up to the Qin clan army to decide when to attack so North Vanquishing Prince shouldn’t worry about it. However, we have to thank him for his good intention,” says Sima Yang.

After evaluating the situation, Zhuang Jun has no choice but to leave.

......

10 days later, Sima’s and Ouyang’s armies, totaling 200,000 troops, unexpectedly are still staying on the plain and have not gone forward a step. For the last 10 days, they have wasted large amounts of provisions and materials.

Zhuang Jun comes again.

“General Sima, General Ouyang, it’s been 10 days. Your armies haven’t advanced a step in 10 whole days. My Lord has started to doubt your Qin clan’s sincerity. You’re staying here without attacking or retreating, what do you actually want to do? Could it be the Qin clan has forgotten that agreement?” Zhuang Jun is slightly angry.

Sima Yang immediately stands up and says smilingly: “Please sit down, Brother Zhuang Jun. There’s no need to be angry like that. The Qin clan is sincere. If we weren’t sincere, why would we have run so far?”

After sitting down, Zhuang Jun says: “Your Qin clan has defended Lei Xue County with a large number of troops but hasn’t attacked yet. Your 200,000 troops here haven’t got into action either. In the back General Zhao Yunxing’s 100,000 troops are advancing very slowly as well. My Lord has suspected that you are secretly negotiating with the Xiang clan while disregarding the 2 Northern region counties. You can leave at will, but the 2 Northern region counties are next to the Xiang clan, when the time comes we’ll have to suffer its fury.”

“Ha-ha ... Negotiate? How can the Qin clan possibly negotiate with the Xiang clan? Please return and ask North Vanquishing Price to stop worrying. Within 5 days we’re going to give him an explanation!” Ouyang Zhi says with a smile.

“5 days?” Zhuang Jun slightly frowns then says with a nod: “Alright, 5 days then. My Lord and I will quietly wait for your good news.” After saying, Zhuang Jun instantly turns around and leaves. At the same time, his personal bodyguard also leaves with him.

“5 days? Ouyang, 5 days is too short.” Sima Yang says while looking at Ouyang Zhi.

Ouyang Zhi thinks for a while then says: “I’m not clear about this either, but because this is His Highness’s secret military order, we only need to quietly obey it. His Highness must have other secret chess pieces. Sima, don’t forget our Lord is very formidable!”

Sima Yang also slightly nods.

Most of the generals of this generation were promoted by Qin De personally so they are extremely loyal to him.

......

Xuejing City is the base of the Shangguan clan. In a very ordinary small courtyard house in Xuejing City, at the moment Zhuang Jun is in a room of the house. This house is no remarkable place. In fact, it is where a mistress of Shangguan Hong’s lives.

“Your Highness.”

Zhuang Jun stands outside the beaded curtain and says respectfully. Through the beaded curtain, one can vaguely see that there are people sleeping on a large bed under a net made of muslin inside the room.

“Oh, is that you, Zhuang Jun? Wait for me to get dressed.” Shangguan Hong’s voice comes out from inside. “Your Highness, please sleep a bit more.” A lazy voice rises. Shangguan Hong says comfortingly with a smile: “Xiao Xue, don’t behave badly. I have an important thing to do.” After Shangguan Hong finishes saying, that woman indeed stops bothering him.

In a short while, having got dressed properly, Shangguan Hong walks out. That woman, who now is also fully-dressed, walks out with him. At the moment, this mistress of his still has a rosy face. Her entire body radiates an air of laziness. She is nestling against Shangguan Hong like a kitten.

“Your Highness,” Zhuang Jun slightly signals with his eyes.

“Xiao Xue, you can go out to play first. I have an important thing to discuss with Zhuang Jun.” Shangguan Hong pats Yan Xue’s hands then casually takes out a purple jade bracelet from his pocket and puts it in her hands. After receiving the purple jade bracelet, Yan Xue gives Shangguan Hong a kiss. Only now does she leave with a smile.

The personal bodyguard outside immediately closes the door of the room. Now there are only 2 people, Zhuang Jun and Shangguan Hong, in the room.

“Your Highness, I took another trip to the military camp to meet General Ouyang and General Sima,” says Zhuang Jun.

“Oh, how did they explain why they haven’t done anything for 10 days? Don’t tell me it was a military secret or some bullshit like that again,” says Shangguan Hong with a cold laugh. According to his and the Xiang clan’s secret plan, when the Qin clan’s army attacks Zhen Yang County, the Shangguan clan is going to stab the Qin clan’s army in the back.

At that time, because the Shangguan clan is going to suddenly switch sides while the Qin clan is fighting the Xiang clan, the Qin clan’s army will be plunged into chaos and therefore be defeated at one stroke.

However, when the Qin clan’s army was only a one-day journey away from Zhen Yang County, it unexpectedly stopped. Because of this, Shangguan Hong naturally has become anxious. He is even worried that the Qin clan has known about the secret plan of the Shangguan clan and the Xiang clan.

“Your Highness, they said that they’re going to give you an answer within 5 days.” Zhuang Jun bows and says.

“5 days?” Shangguan Hong frowned deeply at once. All of a sudden, his face slightly changes color. He stands up and says: “Let’s go. We’re going back to the princely mansion first.” At this moment, seeming to have remembered something, Shangguan Hong instantly walks toward the door in large strides.

Suddenly --

Pu!

Shangguan Hong is completely transfixed. His face turns very white. He looks back at Zhuang Jun in disbelief, saying: “You ......”

At the moment there is a dagger stuck in Shangguan Hong’s waist, a middle Xian-grade dagger. Zhuang Jun has reached the late phase of the Xiantian level so this stab, delivered when Shangguan Hong was completely unprepared, was enough to penetrate his armor and hit a vital point of his body.

“You’re smart.” A smile now appears on Zhuang Jun’s face. Suddenly he says: “Dominant Dragon Corps expert above, why haven’t you come out?”

A silhouette flashes by. A thin sharp man appears in the room. This man’s eyes look very strange -- they are unexpectedly green. At this moment this man is boiling with killing intent, but Zhuang Jun looks at him smilingly, saying: “You’re full of hatred for me, aren’t you? Your job must be to deliver messages between the Shangguan clan and the Xiang clan, right? At the same time you also have to protect Shangguan Hong. Too bad ...”

The green-eyed man takes a look at Shangguan Hong. He knows Shangguan Hong has been severely wounded and can only endure for a short while.

“You will die.” The green-eyed man says in an ice-cold voice.

Just now, when Shangguan Hong wanted to leave the room and was passing by Zhuang Jun, he struck his blow without any signs so this green-eyed man had no time to stop him. So, Shangguan Hong was seriously wounded and is going to die soon.

“Why did you assassinate me, Zhuang Jun? I’ve treated you well, right?” Shangguan Hong can feel his life force vanishing away but he still finds this hard to believe.

There have been people who attempted to assassinate Shangguan Hong and sometimes he would have really died if not for Zhuang Jun’s help. Therefore, in his heart, Shangguan Hong really does not want to accept that the person who has saved his life several times has just struck him a killing blow.

“Your Highness, you’ve treated me very well. It’s regrettable that I’m one of the Three Eagles in the Qin clan’s Flying Eagle plan. I’ve been enduring for so long for this day. I’ve killed you because now after your death the Qin clan will definitely be able to take over the entire army of the 2 Northern region counties!”

Zhuang Jun says smilingly.

“Flying Eagle plan? One of the Three Eagles? Take over the 2 Northern region counties’ army?”

At this moment, all of the doubts in Shangguan Hong’s mind are cleared. Now he understands everything. He knows his few sons will basically be no match for Zhuang Jun. After all, Zhuang Jun has been his number 1 subordinate for so many years and, moreover, there is the Qin clan behind Zhuang Jun’s back.

The most important thing is ... the Qin clan’s Flying Eagle plan is so terrifying. Even a late Xiantian expert like Zhuang Jun has been lying low for so long, and he has even killed some experts of the Qin clan.

“The Qin clan has been holding itself back for several hundred years. Besides the Black Water bandits and the Flying Eagle plan, what other secret trump cards does it still have? My admiration to you, admi ... ration ...” Shangguan Hong spews out a mouthful of blood. Afterwards large amounts of blood continuously spurt from his mouth and he dies.

Even though it has been so noisy inside the room, none of the personal guards outside has come in yet, which is strange.

End of b4c10.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C11: Enter the Great Ancestor

Even though Shangguan Hong is dead, there are no signs of hatred on his face. After all, to an ambitious person like him, the most important thing is his ideals rather than his life. Having lost, he gained an understanding of life -- in a fight for ruling power, losing means death.

The green-eyed man is still staring at Zhuang Jun. His killing intent has enfolded Zhuang Jun. He knows Zhuang Jun is a very formidable opponent and therefore wants to deliver a fatal blow from the beginning.

Suddenly --

“Assassin! Assassin!”

Zhuang Jun shouts all of a sudden. At the same time he hits himself in the left arm with a palm strike. His entire body is immediately sent flying through the door of the room, smashing it. Seeming to understand everything clearly, the personal bodyguard outside the room shoots 2 arrows at the green-eyed man.

This personal bodyguard was selected by Zhuang Jun and is also one of the Qin clan’s men.

Even though Qin De could kill Shangguan Hong anytime, he has waited until today to have him killed. How could he possibly not know early on that Shangguan Hong and the Xiang clan had set a trap for him to jump into? And Qin De has turned their trick against them. When the Qin clan’s army went into the 2 Northern region counties, Shangguan Hong naturally had to announce to his own troops that the Shangguan clan supported the Qin clan.

Even though that was made known to every soldier, some people in the highest echelons still secretly knew that the Shangguan clan was on the Xiang clan’s side. However, in order to prepare for this plan, they have not dared to tell middle-level officers this information beforehand, nor have they been able to tell it to ordinary soldiers.

Except for several high-ranking people, it seems the entire army of the 2 Northern region counties has been thinking that the Shangguan clan is on the Qin clan’s side. In this situation, it has become possible for the important Flying Eagle plan to be started. The goal of the plan is -- to seize complete control of the 2 Northern region counties at one stroke.

“Die!”

The green-eyed man continuously makes swaying movements. At the same time he waves the weapon that looks like a dagger or a short knife in his hand a couple of times, parrying the 2 arrows. His entire body then charges directly at Zhuang Jun like a meteorite. Even if he has to die, he will still want to kill Zhuang Jun.

This green-eyed man is a death warrior of the Xiang clan. He has been hiding around Shangguan Hong for a very long time. He knows Zhuang Jun is an important chess piece in the Qin clan’s plan to take over the control of the 2 Northern region counties so naturally he wants to kill him.

“There’s an assassin. Give the signal!”

There are also some guards around this secret place. They have been attracted to the house by Zhuang Jun’s first shout. As soon as they enter the house, they see the dead body of Shangguan Hong in that room and instantly give the signal. A whistling arrow is shot into the sky.

When Zhuang Jun sees this scene, a faint smile appears on the corners of his mouth. He then says mournfully and shrilly: “Gentlemen, this assassin killed His Highness. Let’s kill him together with me to avenge His Highness’s death.” At the same time, he raises a battle knife from his waist with a grab and immediately charges forwards.

The eyes of the green-eyed man flash. His whole body also charges at Zhuang Jun.

“Kill him! Avenge His Highness’s death!”

All of the guards rush at him. These guards are the experts who protected Shangguan Hong. They have been surrounding this courtyard house to prevent outsiders from going inside so now when they see that green-eyed man, who has appeared mysteriously, they naturally think that he is the assassin.

It will be difficult for these guards to avoid responsibility for the death of their Lord so they all come at the assassin like crazy.

Clang!

Zhuang Jun and the green-eyed man are extremely fast in their movements. They create various glints and flashes with their weapons. In a very short time they have already exchanged several tens blows. Those guards all are good fighters too and they sneakily shoot arrows at the green-eyed man to adversely affect him. Following the signal just now, there are more and more people coming into the house.

“Humph!” The green-eyed man utters a cold humph. At the moment his back has been pierced by a flying knife. Even his body-protecting energy cover was unable to block it so the shooter of the flying knife must be an expert.

Zhuang Jun’s eyes immediately brighten.

Whizz!

A flying knife shoots out from Zhuang Jun’s hand. Because the distance between them is too short, and the green-eyed man’s attention has been slightly distracted by his injury just now, his stomach is instantly penetrated by this knife. At the same time, another flying knife comes at him from behind --

There is a middle-aged man at the back of the green-eyed man. This middle-aged man and Zhuang Jun seem to burst forth simultaneously.

With a swaying movement, their bodies flash by the green-eyed man.

When this middle-aged man and Zhuang Jun stop, the light in that green-eyed man’s eyes has already started to dim. He then falls on the floor powerlessly. At the same time, his body’s upper half and lower half unexpectedly come apart.

Rip ~~~

Zhuang Jun tears off the sleeves of the dead green-eyed man’s clothes. When he sees a dragon mark on this man’s left arm, a faint cold smile appears on the corners of his mouth. He instantly says like crazy: “Argh, this is a death warrior of the Dominant Dragon Corps, the Xiang clan’s Dominant Dragon Corps.”

As time passes, some important figures have also arrived. Seeing the scene of the fight, they are all dumbfounded.

“This time His Highness supported the Qin clan so the Xiang clan must’ve had a grudge against him. It must’ve been so.” An old man says furiously.

Zhuang Jun suddenly runs up to the side of Shangguan Hong’s corpse and kneels down with a thud, saying: “Your Highness, Zhuang Jun has been following you for so many years but you have unexpectedly been assassinated by the enemy. Zhuang Jun swears right here and right now that I’ll definitely lead the 2 Northern region counties to avenge your death by destroying the Xiang clan!!!”

After saying, Zhuang Jun continuously knocks his head on the floor 3 times.

Suddenly --

“This is bad. 1st Prince was just assassinated at Yan Xun Tower!” A man rushes in from outside. He immediately reports to Zhuang Jun. After all, in many matters of the 2 Northern region counties, Shangguan Hong used to be the giver of orders and Zhuang Jun was his executive.

After Zhuang Jun hears this news, his eyes suddenly become very red: “Argh ~~~ Xiang clan! That damned Xiang clan! The Xiang clan is retaliating madly so I’ll take his Highness’s remains back to the princely mansion. Some of you follow me. The other people quickly go protect the other princes.” Zhuang Jun shouts.

“Yes, sir!”

The personal guards at the scene immediately kneel down and say.

......

The 2 Northern region counties have become totally chaotic. Assassinations continuously happen, killing quite a few important figures of the Shangguan clan. Even Zhuang Jun has been severely injured. At the same time, despite his injuries, Zhuang Jun still leads troops to destroy the secret branch of the Dominant Dragon Corps in the 2 Northern region counties.

Killing!

The 2 Northern region counties are now in a totally crazy state. Everyone related to the Xiang clan is killed. Some very important persons are even discovered to actually be the Xiang clan’s fifth columnists. Even though these people all deny this, secret letters they have exchanged in the dark are found out and become incontestable evidence against them.

Of the 4 marshals of the 2 Northern region counties, one is assassinated and another has to give up his post to a different person due to ill-health. The other 2 marshals are still the same, but Zhuang Jun is one of them.

A good few of the Shangguan clan’s very important people such as the princes are killed. The only thing left of the Shangguan bloodline is a 3 year-old child. The Shangguan clan has totally collapsed. From now on, all the matters of the Northern region are under Zhuang Jun’s control.

Afterwards, in the name of vengeance, he orders the 400,000 troops of the 2 Northern region counties to prepare for a joint attack on the Xiang clan with the 300,000 troops of the Qin clan.

******

Xiang Guang is sitting motionlessly and powerlessly in a chair. His mind is in chaos.

“How could this happen? How could this happen? What’s actually going on? Can somebody tell me what’s going on? For the last few days, the situation has been still very good, but now it’s ...” Xiang Guang only feels a pain in his head, a splitting headache.

His original plan was so perfect.

However, despite its perfection, it was merely a plan. Only after a plan has been carried out can its practical value be verified. Without execution, it is nothing but a castle in the sky.

“Dominant Dragon Corps, ha-ha ... Yi Yan, tell me, is it possible that a Dominant Dragon Corps death warrior killed Shangguan Hong? Is it possible?” Xiang Guang looks at Yi Yan, who is bowing on one side, and asks nervously.

Yi Yan says resolutely: “It’s impossible. Green-eyed was the most successful and outstanding death warrior of our Dominant Dragon Corps. It’s definitely impossible that he could have killed Shangguan Hong. Also, Green-eyed has been around Shangguan Hong for so many years, if he had wanted to kill Shangguan Hong, he would have done it earlier, why would he have waited until now?”

Xiang Guang looks at the several people before him. He is not even in the mood to vent his anger.

“Scram, scram for me!”

Xiang Guang says with a wan wave of his hand. At the moment his mind is totally confused. He only knows that his throne is in danger, as is his little life.

Yi Yan and the others leave the imperial study one after another. Afterwards, the personal guards outside close its entrance. Xiang Guang then sits down in a chair. No one knows what he is thinking about while sitting quietly and motionlessly in the chair. After a long, long time ...

Bang!

The entrance of the imperial study automatically opens without being pushed by anyone. Gusts of wind come into the study, causing Xiang Guang to open his eyes uncontrollably.

“Shut the door. Shut the door for me ...” Before he can finish his sentence, he does not dare to say anymore.

He sees a swift and fierce old man coming in from outside the entrance. This old man has black long flowing hair and is wearing a wide-sleeved robe, which is fluttering in the wind like a dust coat. The old man’s eyes are sharp and ice-cold like arrows.

There are 4 people behind the old man, who are going abreast in 2 lines. Each of these 4 people has an extremely strange air about them. That Mister Lan is one of the 4 people. They also have expressionless faces. These 5 people successively come into the the imperial study. The guards of the imperial study seem to be scared stiff by them.

“Great ... Great Ancestor!”

Seeing the old man before him, Xiang Guang is totally stupefied. Great Ancestor has not left Eternal House for so many years. Even if he had come out, perhaps Xiang Guang would not have known about that. At least Great Ancestor has never gone out of Eternal House to meet him before.

Xiang Guang suddenly wakes up with a start. He gets up and kneels down at once, saying: “Great Ancestor!”

“Good, our Xiang clan’s kingdom has been passed down for nearly 1000 years but in just several months half of it has been lost. What kind of emperor have you been?” Great Ancestor coldly reprimands Xiang Guang. He is basically showing no mercy.

Xiang Guang immediately breaks into a cold sweat. He knows very well that the old man only needs to give an order and the throne will no longer be his. In the Xiang clan, this Great Ancestor is like a god in the heart of every clan member!

“Great Ancestor, I can’t be blamed for that. You also know how powerful the Qin clan is. Moreover, judging by the Black Water bandits affair, obviously it’s been preparing for several hundred years. Also, this time, I’m not sure if that death warrior had gone insane, but he unexpectedly assassinated Shangguan Hong ...” Xiang Guang says hurriedly. Now his mind has become totally confused. He only knows he has to avoid responsibility.

“Shut up!” Great Ancestor’s eyes flash with coldness. The entire atmosphere in the imperial study seems to chill. Xiang Guang’s heart begins to tremble at once. He does not dare to say anymore.

“You can’t be blamed? You think I don’t know what you did in the East Vanquishing Prince mansion? If the Qin clan’s princess hadn’t died in that incident, how would things have come to this pass?” says the old man angrily.

Even though Xiang Guang is frightened in his heart, his mouth still says: “But hasn’t the Qin clan been preparing for several hundred years?”

“With several hundred years of preparation, if it had wanted to rebel it would’ve acted earlier. Why would it have waited until now? Humph, the Qin clan lived a peaceful life for so many years. After several hundred years, it no longer thought about rebelling. If not for you, why would it have wanted to rebel again?”

Great Ancestor coldly rebukes him.

Xiang Guang does not dare to keep saying.

“Forget about this. The Qin clan has had a disloyal heart. The incident you caused was only a trigger. But to have chosen you as the emperor, your father was really short-sighted. You think that death warrior killed Shangguan Hong? Humph, now the 2 Northern region counties are controlled by Zhuang Jun. He’s even let the Qin clan command these counties’ troops. Obviously the Qin clan planned all of these things. Zhuang Jun is also one of its men! If you can’t even see through this small plan, you being the emperor will only harm the Xiang clan’s kingdom,” says the old man with anger.

Xiang Guang is as speechless as a stone.

“From now on, every decision about the war will be made by me personally. This period of time you’ll have to reflect on your failures. Go back to your resting place and do it now.” With just an order, the old man has directly stripped Xiang Guang of his imperial power.

Xiang Guang is shocked because Great Ancestor has not personally supervised the affairs of the royal clan for so many years now. However, given the current situation, obviously he can no longer sit around.

Afterwards Xiang Guang’s heart is filled with happiness. The whole situation is currently a mess so he is in no mood to deal with it. If Great Ancestor manages everything, he himself will be delighted. He immediately says: “Then I will go back to reflect upon myself.”

After saying, Xiang Guang leaves the imperial study at once. From now on, he is going to be just a titular emperor.

The old man turns around and looks outside the room. His look seems to be piercing through the air.

“Qin clan, I want to see what tricks you have. Don’t force me to use the last resort. If I have to use it, even though I’ll win, there’ll be no fun.” A faint cold smile appears on the corners of the old man’s mouth. With his hair flowing and his robe fluttering, his entire body is shrouded in an air of supremacy.

Mister Lan and the other 3 experts are standing on one side behind the Great Ancestor, not daring to disturb him.

******

Regardless of how chaotic the current situation in the Chu kingdom is, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are practicing wholeheartedly in the Wilderness. To Qin Yu’s knowledge, there are still 2 years until the Qin clan goes to war so naturally he is in no hurry. Therefore, on the way back, he also spends time training hard.

At the moment, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are going through a seemingly boundless jungle.

Qin Yu is wearing a pair of pants on the lower half of his body and a sleeveless undershirt on the upper half of his body, which makes his upper body’s muscles stand out. These clothes came from the bedroom on the 2nd floor of Lei Mountain House. When Qin Yu just came to Lei Mountain House, all of his clothes had been badly damaged. Later he found quite a few clothes in the bedroom. The Qian Long continent also has articles of clothing that look like this pair of pants and this sleeveless undershirt.

It is just that these clothes are made from very strange materials. They unexpectedly can be personalized by blood like holy weapons and their defense is very strong too. After personalizing them by blood, Qin Yu felt that they were very comfortable to wear. Not wanting to be naked or dressed in hides all the time, he has been wearing them ever since.

Qin Yu’s feet seem not to be touching the ground. He is flashing through the forest like lightning. Suddenly, Qin Yu, who is moving forward extremely fast, comes to a halt. Xiao Hei instantly stops as well.

“There’s a demonic beast aura. It’s Jindan stage.”

A man and an eagle look straight ahead. They simply have no intention of avoiding it. A purple-clad sexy woman then appears in their fields of vision. Seemingly amazed to see them, the purple-clad woman covers her small cherry mouth with her delicate hand.

End of b4c11.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C12: Jindan refinement

“Xiao Hei, foxes ... seem to be a cunning species of demonic beasts, right?” The corners of Qin Yu’s mouth slightly curve upward. He says to Xiao Hei via the holy sense while looking at the purple-clad woman. His holy sense has discovered what her true form is in an instant.

Xiao Hei focuses his eagle eyes, which are sharp like arrows, on this purple-clad woman, who is actually a demonic beast. He also says to Qin Yu via the holy sense: “Humph, an early Jindan stage fox, it’ll be easy to kill her.” Having been travelling through the Wilderness for so long, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei have also adapted themselves to its cruelty.

In the Wilderness, all of the demonic beasts are fierce and ruthless and only the strongest ones can survive. One should not be fooled by this woman’s outward appearance. After all, when a demonic beast transforms into a human, it can determine how it will look.

“Are you a human, sir?” Blinking her beautiful large eyes, that purple-clad woman asks in a seemingly timid manner.

Qin Yu’s face suddenly relaxes into a smiling expression: “Miss, I’m human. You can call me Mister Qin. May I ask your name?” His interest has been aroused. He wants to play with this little fox a bit to see what she is actually up to.

The purple-clad woman gives a bashful smile, saying: “I’m Yan Xue. This is the 1st time I’ve ever seen a human like you, Mister Qin. May I have the honor of inviting you to my place of residence for a rest?” As she is saying, she stares at Qin Yu with her large beautiful eyes.

“I’m very happy to be invited by you, miss. Xiao Hei, let’s go for some fun.” Qin Yu says immediately.

Xiao Hei nods his eagle head. At the same time he says to Qin Yu using his holy sense: “Big brother, this little fox may have some trick up her sleeve. Be careful a bit.” Xiao Hei is a demonic beast with hereditary memories so even though he is currently at the early phase of the Jindan stage he can already rival an ordinary middle Jindan demonic beast in power. And once he uses the various fantastic techniques in his hereditary memories, he will even be able to put up a good fight against an ordinary late Jindan demonic beast, not to mention this insignificant early Jindan fox.

“Very good, please follow me, Mister Qin.”

After saying, Yan Xue turns around and goes as if floating. Her speed is fast but her flying movements are really graceful, which makes her look like a faery. Qin Yu and Xiao Hei easily keep up with Yan Xue. After going several tens li, they get to the intended place.

During this period of time Qin Yu has always been fighting and has not been able to relax. Now he sees a very beautiful multiple-storied building which is made of peach trunks. This building is surrounded by a beautiful flowery peach forest.

“Mister Qin, this is my home. Perhaps my big sister and 2nd sister are still inside.” Yan Xue’s gentle voice rises in Qin Yu’s ears.

Qin Yu slightly raises his eyebrows. His holy sense has already discovered that there are 2 other foxes in this building, who should be Yan Xue’s big sister and 2nd sister. However, in terms of power, only one of the 2 foxes in the building has reached the middle phase of the Jindan stage.

“Big sister, 2nd sister, I’ve brought a guest back!” Yan Xue slightly raises her voice, calling to the building.

“Mister Qin, let’s come in.” She says smilingly. At the same time, 2 other very beautiful women walk out from the building. One of them is wearing black clothes and looks like a 30 year-old woman. Her entire body is enfolded in an air of maturity. The other looks like a woman in her twenties. She also has an air of seductiveness.

Members of the demonic fox clan are really extremely seductive.

“How do you do, sir? I’m Yan Zi. Here is my 2nd sister Yan Lan. This is my 3rd sister Yan Xue, who you must already know. My Peach Blossom Building is rarely visited by humans. I’m delighted that you have come here. Quickly come on in.”

After saying, Yan Zi reaches out her hand and pulls Qin Yu. He does not resist, letting her pull as she wishes. Her hand is like warm jade and has a wonderful feel but Qin Yu is not affected at all.

“What trick is this demonic fox going to use?” Qin Yu smiles inwardly.

Yan Zi suddenly takes a look at Xiao Hei. Her eyes flash. She then says with a smile: “Mister Qin, this eagle is so fierce. Is it a bird that you tamed?” Yan Zi says while slightly leaning her entire body against Qin Yu’s arm.

“Tamed bird? No, he is my brother.” Qin Yu is extremely tough-minded so this demonic fox’s aura cannot sway his heart.

Because he underwent 10 years of limit training from age 8, his mind has far surpassed those of ordinary people. Moreover, when he was carrying out assassination missions under the name Liu Xing and wandering the mortal world, quite a few women attempted to seduce him too, so, handling this fox’s tricks is merely child’s play to him.

Yan Zi gives a smile: “2nd sister, 3rd sister, quickly prepare some water and cakes.”

“Yes.” Yan Xue’s and Yan Lan’s gentle, flirtatious voices rise. Then the 2 of them go into the building like a gust of wind. Qin Yu also follows Yan Zi into the living room of the building and sits down on a chair in this room.

In a short while, Yan Xue and Yan Lan bring out some cakes and tea.

“I personally made these cakes. Please have a taste of them, Mister Qin.” Yan Xue gets one and puts it next to Qin Yu’s mouth as if she is feeding him. Qin Yu, however, receives it with his hand and takes a bite directly. At the same time, a stream of stellar energy flows into his mouth and covers that piece of cake. It completely turns the piece of cake to ashes like a blazing flame.

A faint smile appears on the corners of his mouth.

“Narcotic scent?” Qin Yu stares at the 3 Yan sisters and says smilingly.

The 3 sisters’ faces immediately change color.

Concurrently with that, a pink scented air is emitted from their bodies and spreads through the entire living room. Qin Yu makes a wave of a hand. A gust of wind blows, but this scented air still remains in the living room. It is obviously not affected by the wind.

“Mister Qin, your jindan can shorten our time of practice by more than 100 years.” Yan Zi gives a flirtatious smile. At the same time, a while beam of light shoots out from her body and turns into a huge white net. This net comes down directly at Qin Yu and Xiao Hei from the air.

“Sisters, get ready for a big meal.” Yan Zi and her 2 sisters stare at Qin Yu with blazing eyes.

“Xiao Hei, let me fight this time!” Qin Yu’s voice rises in Xiao Hei’s mind. This narcotic scent is easy to deal with as long as it does not enter the body. However, once it enters the body, it will have disastrous effects. Earlier, Qin Yu was prepared so he certainly could not fall prey to it.

“Alright, get it done quickly.” Xiao Hei says unwillingly.

Whizz!

A dark golden beam of light pierces through the space in the living room like a thunderbolt and penetrates that white net directly. With a bang, the white net is cut in half. Yan Zi’s face immediately turns very white. At the same time, she says through her holy sense: “It’s a middle-grade holy weapon. Sisters, join forces.”

Yan Zi is wrong. A weapon that can break a low-grade holy weapon does not necessarily have to be a middle-grade holy weapon. It can also be a high-grade holy weapon, or even a top-grade holy weapon. However, she basically does not think that a Xiuzhenist around the Jindan stage can have a high-grade holy weapon.

Hearing Yan Zi’s words, Yan Xue and Yan Lan immediately charges at Qin Yu. But he simply does not attack these 2 people.

Instead --

The dark golden flying sword is shot at Yan Zi like an embroidery needle. Yan Zi immediately pulls out her belt. Her loose gown falls down. The astonishing thing is that there are no other clothes under the gown. Her seductive body thus appears naked before Qin Yu’s eyes.

The belt that she pulled out then unexpectedly turns into a flexible sword and is shot directly at Qin Yu.

“I never thought you would use this vulgar move.”

With a cold smile, Qin Yu reaches out a hand, grabbing the flexible sword directly. He exerts the power of his fingers and the sword is unexpectedly broken. After becoming a high-grade holy weapon, the power of the Flaming Gloves is really extraordinary. At this moment, Yan Xue and Yan Lan, one on the left and one on the right, are attacking him from behind.

“Eagle Claw Art!”

Qin Yu’s hands form 2 eagle claws and grab Yan Xue’s and Yan Lan’s wrists directly, disregarding the weapons in their hands. The power of his fingers instantly destroys their wrists. He then changes the eagle claws into spear hands and stabs Yan Xue and Yan Lan squarely in the midpoints between their eyebrows.

Yan Xue and Yan Lan fall on the floor at once then turn into 2 foxes.

“3rd sister, 2nd sister!” Yan Zi shrieks and charges at Qin Yu like crazy. However, while charging at him, she suddenly changes direction, which surprises him. Now she is unexpectedly running away extremely fast in another direction.

“Running away? You want to race against me?”

Seeming to cause no wind sounds, Qin Yu comes up to the side of Yan Zi in just about a moment. While fleeing, Yan Zi also looks back and secretly lets out a sigh of relief: “That brat hasn’t caught up yet.” But when she turns her head forward, she sees Qin Yu standing smilingly in front of her.

“Ah!”

Yan Zi immediately utters the loudest yell she is capable of. Hearing it, Qin Yu cannot help frowning. Yan Zi’s eyes instantly flash. She forms an eagle claw with a hand and attacks Qin Yu with it. Qin Yu, however, shatters her sharp claw directly with a punch then smashes it on her stomach. Her entire body gets a violent shock. She then falls powerlessly on the floor and changes into a fox as well.

“3 foxes.” Qin Yu gives a faint unconcerned smile.

“Xiao Hei, regardless of their species, most demonic beasts in the Wilderness want to kill their opponents to eat the jindans. These 3 foxes wanted to kill us to take our jindans too.” He makes a wave of a hand. A flame shoots out and burns that fox’s corpse up in an instant. A jindan then appears before him.

With a wave of a hand, he sucks it in his spatial ring. He then flies back into Peach Blossom Building.

Xiao Hei looks at Qin Yu and says to him via his holy sense: “Big brother, we’re less than halfway through this return journey but we’ve already killed a good few Jindan demonic beasts. We didn’t want to kill them for no reason at all, but these demonic beasts were just too ferocious. All of them wanted to eat our jindans, but they were too weak.”

“It’s not that they were too weak but that they were too short-sighted. Xiao Hei, the other 2 jindans are yours. Let’s find a secluded place to refine them.” Qin Yu says with a smile.

Xiao Hei opens his mouth. 2 bolts of lightning shoot out and hit the 2 foxes’ bodies directly. 2 jindans fly up at once, which are swallowed into Xiao Hei’s stomach at a gulp. He then says: “Big brother, these 2 jindans will probably take me 3 days to refine. Let’s go find a place first.”

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei leave this Peach Blossom Building extremely fast.

In the Wilderness, demonic beasts usually kill each other to eat the opponents’ jindans or yuanyings to improve their own power. Of course, to be able to eat other demonic beasts’ jindans, they must be strong enough. That Yan Xue felt that both Qin Yu and Xiao Hei were around the early phase of the Jindan stage so she decided to prey on them.

Unluckily for her, the true power of either of them cannot be judged by appearance. On this journey, quite a few demonic beasts have lost their jindans because they looked down on Qin Yu and Xiao Hei.

The night is chilling. At night, the winds in the Wilderness become stronger. In a nameless mountain range of the Wilderness, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are staying in a cave. A simple illusive formation has been set up at the mouth of the cave.

Qin Yu is sitting with legs crossed. The jindan he took is floating before him. He suddenly opens his eyes.

He then points with a hand. A light blue flame comes out from his fingertip and covers the jindan. With ‘chi-chi’ sounds, the jindan is continuously burnt. Afterwards, it turns into various streams of a golden liquid. This golden liquid also moves around Qin Yu’s body nonstop.

“Humph!”

The air in Qin Yu’s vicinity vibrates. Suddenly many indistinct light silvery streams of stellar energy come out from his body. They then form a huge nebular maelstrom. Qin Yu is sitting at the center of the maelstrom. Those streams of the golden liquid are enveloped in the nebular maelstrom.

The light silvery stellar energy forms a cycle, pulling the golden energy into his dantian. In the dantian, another nebula is rotating nonstop. However, at the moment the Stellar Flame in the center of the nebula is blazing.

Chi-chi ~~~

When the golden energy goes into the dantian, it is first refined again by the Stellar Flame.

Burning!

Ordinary demonic beasts will eat a jindan directly then absorb its energy to use. Qin Yu, however, does not do this. He always refines a jindan again and again to get rid of its foreign, strange energy completely, leaving only its life essence, which is the most important thing to a practitioner.

Only this most essential energy is absorbed by Qin Yu. Even though 90% of the jindan’s energy is lost when refined by the Stellar Flame, Qin Yu will never forget that one point emphasized by Senior Lei Wei in the Stellar Transformations book -- purity!

The energy must be pure and the foundation must be solid!

The nebula inside Qin Yu’s dantian is rotating nonstop like a maelstrom. As the nebula spins, it causes various silvery grains in it to spin as well. Each of these silvery grains contains a powerful amount of energy. That purest energy which is left after refinement is absorbed by these silvery grains.

90% of a jindan’s energy is removed during the refining process. Only the purest energy left is the life essence of the Xiuzhenist.

Qin Yu refines only a small amount of the golden liquid that is floating outside his body at a time. He is in no hurry and must not hurry. After nearly 3 whole days, Qin Yu has finally refined and absorbed all of the jindan’s energy.

He opens his eyes and sees that on one side Xiao Hei has already finished practicing.

“Big brother, you’ve completed the refinement? I finished refining just now too.” Xiao Hei says to him using holy sense communication.

Qin Yu nods with a smile.

“Big brother, everytime we absorb a jindan we have to spend some time. Those demonic beasts eat a jindan very fast but they swallow it whole without thinking. They seem to believe the more energy the better.” Xiao Hei’s voice has a hint of disdain.

Ordinary demonic beasts only have access to the most basic practice techniques so they know very little. How can they compare to Xiao Hei? After all, there are many mysterious practice techniques in Xiao Hei’s memories.

“Xiao Hei, let’s get going.”

With a swaying movement of his body, Qin Yu rushes out of the cave instantly. That illusive formation has been broken apart by him with a wave of a hand. Xiao Hei also rushes out with a beat of his wings. One man and one eagle then continue their practicing journey through the Wilderness.

NOTE: Yan Xue in this chapter and last chapter’s Yan Xue are 2 different characters.

End of b4c12.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 13
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C13: Bloody fight

When Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are on their journey, in the headquarters in the town of Xiyang, at the moment the moon is bright and the stars are few. Qin De is standing in the courtyard and looking at the moon in the sky with his hands behind his back.

“The general situation has been decided!”

Qin De’s eyes glitter. Obviously he is very excited in his heart. This time the move that was aimed at seizing complete control of the 2 Norther region counties has been carried out perfectly. From beginning to end, everything was in Qin De’s plan. In the past he met and negotiated with Shangguan Hong and said he wanted to form an alliance with him only for this day.

It did not matter if Shangguan Hong really allied himself with Qin De or not, when the plan was put into action, Shangguan Hong would have to claim openly that he was on his side. Except for some top-ranking people, all of the generals and soldiers would know nothing about the truth. Only in this situation could the plan to take control of the 2 Northern region counties completely be carried out.

In the current situation, the Qin clan will only need to use some slight maneuvers and the entire Northern region will belong to it and not to the Shangguan clan anymore.

“Jing Yi, Yu’er, you’ll see from Heaven that I’ll definitely avenge your deaths. The Xiang clan ... is doomed to be trampled to pieces by me. Xiang Guang and Wu De will surely die too.” Qin De’s eyes suddenly become fierce. He also clenches his fists behind his back, causing all the fingers to turn white.

Hatred!

There is a deep-seated hatred in Qin De’s heart. Both the deaths of his wife, the person he loves the most, and of his youngest son have been tormenting his heart every night like ants. Until he destroys the Xiang clan and kill Xiang Guang and Wu De, he will not be able to have a peaceful night.

The darkness before dawn has gone away. Qin De has already seen the first light of victory.

“One month, within one month I’m going to unify the whole Chu kingdom, destroy the Xiang clan and kill Xiang Guang and Wu De.” Qin De thinks to himself. Even though at the moment his army and the Xiang clan’s are confronting each other, he is still totally confident.

The Xiang clan lost a county so it now has control over 6 counties, including the Mu clan’s 3 counties. With the addition of the Shangguan clan’s 2 counties, the Qin clan now also has 6 counties. The 2 sides are basically equal to each other in power. Even though the Qin clan has a slightly stronger army, it is the attacking side while the Xiang clan is the defending side. And in battles for fortified cities, the attacking side will generally lose more troops than the defending one.

In short, the 2 sides are fairly equally match and have started to confront each other. However, Qin De is still certain that he is going to unify the entire Chu kingdom within a month.

******

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are going through the Wilderness extremely fast.

“Another wants to bite the dust.”

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei stop again.

“An early Jindan leopard, oh, it’s a Black Wind leopard. In the leopard clan, Black Wind leopards are a very special kind. It seems we’ll have a bit of a trouble.” Qin Yu says to Xiao Hei using his holy sense. He has already noticed that there is a man several thousand meters away from them.

The more formidable a demonic beast is, the harder for it to transform into a human. Take, for example, the kings of eagles – Golden Flame eagles. The one that Qin Yu and Xiao Hei encountered previously has already reached the Yuanying stage but it has not been able to transform into a human yet. When running into that Golden Flame eagle, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei basically had no intention of fighting it and fled immediately.

And the 3 foxes he killed several days ago were just fairly common demonic foxes in the fox family. As for Black Wind leopards, because they can turn into humans after going through the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, they do not seem to be formidable at all, but in fact they are very special.

Black Wind leopards are very hard to handle because they are extremely fast!

The leopard clan is always famous for its speed. In terms of speed, among running animals, there are no other demonic beasts that can rival leopards. And Black Wind leopards are even the best speed users among leopards so it can be imagined how fast they are. Because they are too fast, it is difficult to kill them.

“Xiao Hei, he’s come.” Qin Yu’s holy sense totally locks onto the opponent.

His soul is always nurtured by the Meteoric Tear so his holy sense never stops improving as well. Now it is no longer matched by his power. This is the reason why Qin Yu was able to detect the Black Wind leopard earlier than Xiao Hei.

“Big brother, it seems this Black Wind leopard wants to attack us.” Xiao Hei says haughtily.

A black silhouette is charging towards them from the distance like a thunderbolt. Its target is Qin Yu. Qin Yu’s eyes suddenly glitter. At the same time, his whole body turns into several illusions. He forms 2 eagle claws with his hands and continuously exchanges several tens blows with this assailant like lightning.

“Know your place!”

A faint cold smile appears on the corners of Qin Yu’s mouth. This Black Wind leopard unexpectedly only uses killing blows so Qin Yu has also become ruthless. He suddenly turns an eagle claw into a finger sword. His indistinct light silvery stellar energy is shaped into a sword around it. With a finger sword strike, he pierces through a palm of the Black Wind leopard.

The Black Wind leopard flies backward several hundred meters and stands in midair. However a hole has appeared in his right palm and blood is flowing out from it.

In his human form, this Jindan stage Black Wind leopard has an air of vigor around his entire body. All of his muscles are streamlined and look very similar to Qin Yu’s. To be accurate, this Black Wind leopard’s body is almost the same as Qin Yu’s, only that Qin Yu has an even more vigorous air about him.

“Did the 2 of you kill the 3 Yan sisters? Answer me!” That Black Wind leopard seems not to understand how big the gap between them. He even shouts at them.

Qin Yu folds his arms before his chest and slightly raises his chin, saying smilingly: “Oh? So what if I killed them? And what if I didn’t? Could it be you want to seek revenge for their deaths? What’s the relationship between you and them? Were they your mistresses?” says Qin Yu jokingly.

This Black Wind leopard is fast but he is merely at the early phase of the Jindan stage and therefore compared to Qin Yu, who is also good at using speed, he is a little slower. If he were a middle Jindan Black Wind leopard, Qin Yu would have had to expend a good amount of energy. And if he were a late Jindan Black Wind leopard, Qin Yu would probably not have been able to catch up with him and win so easily.

Unluckily for this leopard, he is only at the early phase of the Jindan stage.

“Humph, where did you 2 come from? Could it be you don’t know that within 3000 li of this place is the territory of the Shen brothers? I’m none other than Shen Yi. The Yan sisters were our partners but you even dared to kill them!” Shen Yi’s eyes continuously glitter with hatred.

He is dressed in hide. His body’s muscles are like metal, looking very powerful. It is too bad Qin Yu does not care about his anger at all.

“Oh, looks like you guys have been trying to find me for a long time, right?” Qin Yu says with an indifferent smile.

Shen Yi’s face darkens. Indeed, right after discovering the deaths of the 3 Yan sisters, they started to search for the killer. They were totally certain that no demonic beasts in their territory dared to harm the Yan sisters, and even if some wanted to, none would have been powerful enough to do so.

Therefore, they thought only a foreign demonic beast could have done this. The Shen brothers then started to search and Shen Yi has finally found Qin Yu and Xiao Hei.

“Are you a match for me?” Qin Yu says smilingly.

“No!” Shen Yi says with no shame. He stares at Qin Yu with flashing fierce eyes: “You two, one human and one eagle, are pretty strong, too bad ... I’m not alone! Roar ~~~” Shen Yi suddenly raises his head and gives a roar. The sound he makes resounds through the area within several hundred li of him.

Qin Yu’s face slightly changes color.

“Big brother, leave this one to me. Let’s kill him first then go a bit easy on his brother!” When Xiao Hei’s voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind, he is already charging at Shen Yi like a beam of light. Seeing a huge black eagle flying at him extremely fast with wings spread, Shen Yi flies backward at once.

Xiao Hei takes a swipe with his ice-cold sharp claws, unexpectedly cutting the air. Shen Yi’s face changes color with surprise. Using all of his limbs, he avoids the attack in an instant.

“Roar roar roar ~~”

This time Shen Yi’s roars are more urgent. At the same time, his body unexpectedly starts to change. In almost a moment, he has already turned into a Black Wind leopard from a vigorous man. Black Wind leopards are about the same size as ordinary leopards.

However, this Black Wind leopard has a blue striped pattern on his back. The most surprising thing is now there are unexpectedly spines on his 4 sharp claws.

“Xiao Hei, why are you taking so long to handle an early Jindan Black Wind leopard? What did you say last time? It seems you said you were even stronger than a Golden Flame eagle of the same level. Golden Flame eagles are much more formidable than Black Wind leopards, you ...” Qin Yu says jokingly on one side.

Xiao Hei gives Qin Yu an annoyed look. He then stares at the Black Wind leopard, saying using the holy sense: “Little leopard, I’m sorry but you’re going to die soon. Quickly enjoy the last moments of your life.”

Hearing that, the Black Wind leopard immediately becomes furious. He takes a leap. In an instant he has already covered several tens meters.

Pa!

Xiao Hei’s eyes flash. 2 purple thunderbolts unexpectedly shoot out from his eyes and hit the body of the Black Wind leopard Shen Yi squarely before he can react. A wail is heard. At the same time, lightning flickers on the body of the Black Wind leopard. He falls on the ground convulsively. Xiao Hei then shakes his wings. In the blink of an eye he shakes them extremely fast several times. He quickly disappears as if he has used teleportation.

Clack!

Xiao Hei’s eagle claws crush the Black Wind leopard’s head directly. The leopard immediately dies. Xiao Hei swallows this Black Wind leopard’s jindan in an instant.

“Big brother, this Black Wind leopard has a brother. His jindan will be yours, alright?” Xiao Hei immediately uses holy sense communication.

Qin Yu gives a smile. He understands Xiao Hei’s good intention. This Shen Yi is only an early Jindan demonic beast. His brother therefore will be at the early phase of the Jindan stage at worst. He may even be a middle Jindan demonic beast. Thinking about how Xiao Hei killed the Black Wind leopard just now, Qin Yu says doubtfully: “Xiao Hei, when did you start to be able to shoot lightning from your eyes too?”

To Qin Yu’s knowledge, Xiao Hei can emit lightning from his body and from his mouth. But this is his eyes. Can such fragile parts as the eyes send out lightning as well?

“Big brother, this is my secret. The eyes are an advantage that the eagle family has. My eyes can send out lightning even faster than my mouth, and there’s not much difference in power.” Xiao Hei gently flaps his wings and explains the reason to Qin Yu.

Qin Yu cannot help praising him secretly. Xiao Hei is really too mysterious.

At least Qin Yu is not confident that he will beat Xiao Hei if they fight. Xiao Hei has countless mysterious attacking techniques and, more importantly, in the past he asked Qin Yu for a chunk of high-class crystal to forge a weapon, but Qin Yu has never seen him use it.

“Xiao Hei ... you said his brother’s jindan would be mine? Do you regret this?” Qin Yu suddenly says laughingly.

Xiao Hei shakes his head, saying: “Why would I regret? I ...” But before he can finish his sentence, he is speechless. “There are 2 Black Wind demonic leopards. Moreover, they are ...” At the moment Xiao Hei has become serious. He is no longer as relaxed as he was just now.

Qin Yu nods and looks westwards, saying: “Right, these 2 Black Wind leopards both are late Jindan demonic beasts. In terms of speed, they can even be a bit faster than me.”

“Who would’ve thought an early Jindan brat like him would have 2 brothers? And they are even 2 late Jindan Black Wind leopards. Big brother, things seem to be a bit troublesome. It’s late Jindan stage, and there are 2 of them. Even worse, they are Black Wind leopards, the fastest kind of leopard. These really are the most formidable enemies we’ve met for a long time,” says Xiao Hei.

In the past they encountered a Golden Flame eagle which was even more formidable, but that eagle had reached the Yuanying stage so Qin Yu and Xiao Hei did not have the slightest intention of fighting it.

However, he and Xiao Hei consider these 2 Black Wind leopards their opponents.

“3rd brother!”

2 men who are almost identical to Shen Yi and dressed in hide appear beside his corpse. These 2 men’s bodies are near perfect. Judging by their bodies alone, one can see that they are best at using speed. Moreover, given how powerful their muscles look, they should be very strong too.

“I’m Shen Bao!” The blue-browed man says while staring at Qin Yu and Xiao Hei.

“I’m Shen Yu!” The other man also says.

“Having killed my 3rd brother, you 2 should prepare to die.” The blue-browed man on the left says coldly.

These 2 Jindan experts of the Black Wind leopard clan are radiating 2 fearsome auras. As 2 late Jindan stage experts, they no doubt have been infuriated like crazy by the death of their youngest brother. Within 3000 li of this place, no one has ever dared to challenge them and their youngest brother.

Even though the 3rd brother Shen Yi was only at the early phase of the Jindan stage, thanks to his 2 late Jindan brothers’ protection, no one dared to threaten him. This Shen Bao and Shen Yu considered their 3rd brother a treasure and did not let anyone bully him. However ... now their 3rd brother is already dead!

Shen Bao and Shen Yu continuously build up their energy. They both are preparing to unleash their power in an instant.

“Xiao Hei, we haven’t fought as much as we like even once on this journey.” Qin Yu says using his holy sense.

Xiao Hei’s eyes also glitter with an intense fighting spirit: “Big brother, that Golden Flame eagle was way beyond our league while the strongest among the other demonic beasts was only a middle Jindan one, and that was even an ordinary demonic beast. They were either too weak or too strong so we couldn’t unleash our true fighting ability. Now that we’ve met these 2 late Jindan Black Wind leopards, we can finally have a good fight against them.”

Qin Yu can feel his blood starting to boil again inside him. It is a feeling very similar to the feeling of surpassing a physical limit during a limit training session when he was little.

“The one on the left is mine. The right one is yours.” Qin Yu says via his holy sense.

Shen Bao’s eyes look as if they are shooting out lighning. All of a sudden, he shouts violently: “Kill!” On one side of him, Shen Yu’s aura also suddenly becomes fierce. Using their fastest speeds, the 2 Black Wind brother leopards then charge at Qin Yu and Xiao Hei like 2 black thunderbolts.

“Kill!”

Qin Yu’s and Xiao Hei’s auras also suddenly rise to their utmost limits. Following an eagle cry, the 2 of them unleash their most powerful fighting ability as well and charge at their respective opponents like 2 bolts of lightning!

End of b4c13.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 14
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C14: The Stellar Field

Shen Bao and Qin Yu turn into 2 black blurs and exchange blows extremely fast.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ......

Every time they clash, a sky-shaking noise is created. The 2 of them fight both on the ground and in the sky. Where their blurs flash through, various huge trees of the forest fall down with loud sounds.

“Hah!”

Qin Yu throws a straight punch, which pierces the air, aiming directly for Shen Bao’s chest. Shen Bao’s eyes flash. His entire body makes a swaying movement very easily and several afterimages are unexpectedly created in an instant. Qin Yu’s punch then smashes into the huge tree behind Shen Bao.

The tree slightly shakes for a short time but it does not seem to be seriously damaged.

Suddenly --

Bang!

Like a bomb, that huge tree, which is several tens meters high, unexpectedly shatters into countless fragments of wood in an instant, as if it was twisted so hard it broke into pieces completely. Each wood fragment is only about as large as a palm at most. Just like that, such a huge tree is reduced to countless wood fragments, which scatter in all directions.

Shen Bao’s body makes 2 swaying movements at once, getting away 100 meters. He then stands in the sky and stares at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu also stares motionlessly at Shen Bao.

“This fella hasn’t turned into a Black Wind leopard but he’s already as fast as me. Once he changes into his true form, his speed will increase again and I really won’t be able to keep up with him.” Qin Yu’s aura totally locks onto Shen Bao in front of him. His mind however is trying to think of a method to deal with this Black Wind leopard.

In terms of speed, Qin Yu is not better than Shen Bao. He is even at a disadvantage.

His eyes suddenly brighten. A faint smile appears on the corners of his mouth: “Right, Black Wind leopards are good at using speed. Their strength is not bad but it’s not as good as their speed either. Plus, with the fusion of my strength and stellar energy, my power will surpass his!”

Shen Bao takes a look at the fragments of the exploded tree and says with a cold laugh: “You’re pretty strong indeed. No wonder you were able to kill my 3rd brother. However ... with this level of power you’re no match for me.” Despite saying so, Shen Bao is actually frightened by the power of the punch Qin Yu executed just now.

If that punch had connected with Shen Bao’s body, he would have either died or been severely wounded.

“Cut the crap. Let’s fight for real and see.” Qin Yu can guess what his opponent is thinking. Obviously this Shen Bao has noticed that Qin Yu is strong.

Because of this, he is trying to boast about his strength to hide the fact that he is weaker.

Qin Yu charges at Shen Bao again like a sharp arrow. At first sight he seems to be following a straight line but looking carefully one would see that, while flying, his body is fluttering very naturally and gently.

He is flying without making any wind sounds!

In almost an instant, Qin Yu has already come up to Shen Bao’s face.

“Wind? In terms of wind control, how can you possibly compare with us Black Wind leopards?” As Shen Bao is saying, he avoids Qin Yu’s strike with a gentle swaying movement of his body. His movements ... do not cause any wind sounds either!

“What?!”

Qin Yu’s face changes color. He never thought that this Shen Bao could also make use of wind forces and neutralize wind resistance completely as he himself can.

Suddenly a high-pitched sharp eagle cry resounds through the sky.

“What’s happened to Xiao Hei?” Qin Yu quickly backs away. At the same time he expands his holy sense to the utmost and sees very clearly the situation of the fight between Xiao Hei and that Shen Yu. By now Shen Bao has already stopped fighting as well is paying attention to his 2nd brother’s situation.

“Roar ~~~”

Shen Yu turns into a Black Wind leopard. The stripes on his back even radiate a dull light. At the moment the hair on Shen Yu’s entire body is standing on end. He is staring at Xiao Hei while growling nonstop, but he has not attacked yet.

Hu-hu ~~~

Xiao Hei spreads his huge wings. His black feathers radiate an ice-cold light like cold iron. At the same time, various electric sparks are flickering on his entire plumage. Concurrently with that, many flames are emitted from his whole body. His aura has become so powerful that the others are startled.

The Black Wind leopard keeps growling lowly nonstop. His hair, which is standing upright, is vibrating.

“Oo ~~”

Xiao Hei utters an extremely sharp sound, which hurts the others’ ears. Even Qin Yu feels his heart tremble because of it. Seeing this scene, he knows that Xiao Hei has gone totally mad. With a shake of his wings, Xiao Hei unexpectedly flies straight into the sky.

Suddenly --

Various bolts of lightning shoot out from his entire body. In a short while, it looks like he has become the thunder god. The countless bolts of lightning then strike down at the Black Wind leopard with a boom.

The Black Wind leopard is moving extremely fast but the speeds of the lightning bolts are too fast and, moreover, there are too many of them. Various lightning bolts strike upon the Black Wind leopard’s body. That leopard gives a roar then immediately shoots up into the sky with a sudden leap.

Xiao Hei opens his mouth --

A huge mass of flaming lightning shoots out extremely fast. There is a bolt of lightning in the center of it. This bolt of lightning contains a shockingly powerful amount of electricity. This lightning bolt is enveloped in blazing flames. The strangest thing is that the lightning and fire seem to make a whole.

“My goodness, how powerful is this mass of energy actually? If hit by it, even I would be seriously injured.” Qin Yu is secretly shocked. At the same time, in his eyes Xiao Hei becomes even more fathomless. “Xiao Hei is really too formidable already.”

That mass of flaming lightning strikes down at the Black Wind leopard.

The Black Wind leopard’s body, which is in midair, unexpectedly turns into a blur and easily avoids the incoming mass of flaming lightning. He then takes a bite at Xiao Hei.

Bang!

That avoided mass of flaming lightning suddenly turns around and hits the body of the Black Wind leopard in an instant. It seems to have been controlled remotely. An extremely deafening explosion is heard. At the same time, there is a miserable wail. Qin Yu also notices the smell of burnt hair.

“2nd brother!”

Seeing Shen Yu seriously injured, Shen Bao immediately becomes anxious. He charges directly at Xiao Hei. While flying, he unexpectedly turns into a Black Wind leopard. Xiao Hei’s voice suddenly rises in Qin Yu’s mind.

“Big brother, quickly stop him. Most of my energy has been spent.”

“No good!”

Only now does Qin Yu know that Xiao Hei had to pay a high price for the projection of that frightening mass of energy. And he decides to throw caution to the winds too!

In the blink of an eye, his indistinct stellar energy has spread through his entire vicinity, forming a nebular cloud, which has started to spin extremely fast. He seems to have been linked up with nature completely at once. His speed suddenly increases --

“Die!”

Qin Yu’s eyes glitter with fierceness.

“Roar ~~~” Shen Bao, having transformed into a Black Wind leopard, gives a roar and immediately attacks Xiao Hei. However, before this, Xiao Hei has already begun to charge towards Qin Yu with a shake of his wings. The Black Wind leopard turns into a blur in midard and continues to aim for him.

“Big brother, I leave him to you!”

Xiao Hei’s voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind. A faint smile then appears on Qin Yu’s face.

“In the past, when Master just reached the Dujie stage, he was already able to kill a Dacheng expert in addition to some loose immortals and several tens Dujie and Kongming experts. As his disciple, if I couldn’t even kill this late Jindan demonic beast, I should kill myself!”

His stellar energy has filled his vicinity. The area covered by it is where Qin Yu’s offense is most powerful. His speed also increases within this area.

“Roar ~~”

The Black Wind leopard bares his teeth and takes a bite at Qin Yu. At the same time, he slashes his 2 claws at Qin Yu as well. Qin Yu’s hands, which are wearing the Flaming Gloves, also form 2 claws and come at the leopard’s 2 claws head-on.

“Idiot!”

Qin Yu’s right hand boldly grabs a leopard claw. His stellar energy and powerful physical power are immediately unleashed. With a series of ‘clack’ noises of bones getting shattered, this claw of Shen Bao’s is destroyed by Qin Yu directly.

Shen Bao has become anxious!

“Roar ~~” He violently gives a mad roar. All of a sudden, the bone spines on his 4 sharp claws shoot out like sharp arrows. Qin Yu simply never expected these bone spines to be capable of leaving the Black Wind leopard’s body to attack.

“No good!”

His face changes color greatly. Because he is grabbing a claw of the Black Wind leopard’s with a hand, at the moment they are very close to each other. At such a close distance, even though Qin Yu has noticed the spines, he basically has no time to dodge them.

Pu! Pu!

Qin Yu unleashes all of the stellar energy inside him. His entire body shoots to one side like a sharp arrow. Even though he dodges very quickly, 2 of the spines still penetrate his body. One spine pierces his left arm while the other is stuck in his breastbone.

Pu!

Qin Yu spits out a mouthful of blood. His body can match holy weapons in hardness, but these spines were the Black Wind leopard’s ultimate attack and were too powerful for it to withstand! Black Wind leopards can naturally produce bone spines on their bodies. Once the spines are disconnected from the bodies in an attack, it will take the new ones several tens to 100 years to become fully developed.

That Black Wind leopard suddenly switches to his human form.

Shen Bao stares fiercely at Qin Yu, saying: “You broke one of my claws and forced me to shoot out 4 spines. If I don’t kill you and swallow your jindan, how will I be able to release my fury?” Shen Bao had no choice. Because one of his claws was broken, even if he had maintained his Black Wind leopard form, he would not have been able to keep his speed.

Qin Yu suddenly pulls out the bone spines that is stuck in his breastbone and left arm. Luckily for him, his body was strong enough so the spines did not penetrate deeply. If one of the spines had gone in several centimeters more, it would have punctured his vital internal organs.

Qin Yu pokes at some acupoints at once to stop the bleeding.

“Big brother.” Xiao Hei’s voice rises.

Qin Yu reaches out a hand to interrupt him, saying: “Don’t worry. It would be a waste of my training if I couldn’t kill this animal. It’s time to go all-out!!!” His eyes suddenly become light red and his entire body is now engulfed a madly fierce aura. He is just like a lone wolf, which goes crazier after getting injured.

Feeling clear streams from the Meteoric Tear flowing to the wounds, Qin Yu cannot help giving a faint smile.

“Are you Shen Bao?” He focuses his eyes on Shen Bao. At the moment Qin Yu left arm’s wound is recovering at a noticeably fast speed. In general, as long as his vital parts are not injured, he does not have to worry about flesh wounds because the Meteoric Tear will heal them extremely fast.

“I’ll let you taste ... the power of the Stellar Field!” The light silvery stellar energy around Qin Yu’s body suddenly starts to rotate extremely fast. At the same time, the nebula in his dantian also starts to spin at its top speed. All of the silvery grains begin to shine brilliantly.

In the blink of an eye, his stellar energy rises to its maximum level and fills every place of Qin Yu’s body.

“What?!”

Before Shen Bao can understand the meaning of Qin Yu’s words, Qin Yu has already started to charge him at his fastest speed. Shen Bao however looks at Qin Yu with a cold smile. Just now he saw a spine penetrate Qin Yu’s breastbone so he thinks that Qin Yu is seriously injured.

“Die!”

Qin Yu suddenly roars. In an instant, his entire body turns into 6 or 7 illusions.

Within the nebular maelstrom formed by the light silvery stellar energy, 6 or 7 Qin Yu’s appear around Shen Bao. They launch various types of attack at Shen Bao such as punch, knife hand strike, claw strike and finger sword strike.

“Bang!” As if piercing through the fabric of time, a spear hand strike hits Shen Bao’s chest squarely. With a loud explosion, a hole immediately appears on his chest.

“Pu!” A finger sword strike penetrates Shen Bao’s right palm.

“Clack!” A claw attack snaps Shen Bao’s backbone.

......

The silhouettes unify.

Qin Yu, looking as if he has never moved, now stares at Shen Bao. With his eyes wide open, Shen Bao also stares at Qin Yu: “This ... what kind of speed ... is this?” Just now, the speed that he has been proud of was simply unable to help him put up any resistance against Qin Yu’s attack.

“Dying from my Stellar Field, you can take pride in this.”

Qin Yu then basically stops looking at Shen Bao. Immediately afterwards, with a series of clack noises, all of Shen Bao’s bones shatter completely. He falls on the ground powerlessly at once and begins to convulse nonstop. Blood starts to flow out from his ears, eyes, nose and mouth. He even mumbles in a low voice: “Stel ... lar ... Field ...”

Then there are no more sounds. As for Shen Yu, Xiao Hei has already killed him.

Qin Yu’s face suddenly turns very red. He feels as if his internal organs are rebelling. A mouthful of blood rushes up his throat from inside his body. Qin Yu is simply unable to control it so he spits it out then sits down with legs crossed immediately.

“Big brother!”

With a shake of his wings, Xiao Hei rushes to his side.

“Never mind. I’m only at the early Nebula stage so I’m still not good enough to use the Stellar Field to the fullest. After resting for an hour I’m going to be all right.” Qin Yu tells him via the holy sense then quietly starts to regain control of his energy, which is running wild in his body.

The Stellar Field is an advanced technique developed from the highest level of the Trans-Heaven 3 Diagrams technique. In the past, when Qin Yu was enfolded by the tricolor suit of armor of the Trans-Heaven 3 Diagrams technique, his speed increased by several times. The Stellar Field uses the same principle.

The only difference is that it makes him even faster and more powerful.

After an hour,

“Big brother, here are the 2 jindans.” Xiao Hei puts 2 jindans before Qin Yu, who opens his eyes, immediately takes one of them and says: “Xiao Hei, a late jindan has 8 or 9 times more energy than an early jindan. One for me, one for you.”

Xiao Hei looks at the remaining jindan and says using his holy sense at once: “Big brother, I already ate that Shen Yi’s jindan. I said the others’ would be yours.”

“I only refine 1 jindan. Compared to a late jindan, an early one is negligible. If you don’t want it then just throw it away.” After saying, Qin Yu simply pays no attention to Xiao Hei and instantly starts to refine his jindan.

Xiao Hei stares at Qin Yu for a long time before finally taking the remaining jindan.

End of b4c14.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 15
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C15: Nosedive

In a secret place that they have found,

Qin Yu is sitting with legs crossed quietly refining his jindan.

This late jindan contains a great amount of energy. It even has more energy than his body. Fortunately, he does not eat it directly like ordinary demonic beasts at all. Instead, he refines it using the Stellar Flame and in the end only absorbs the pure essence of it.

In Qin Yu’s dantian,

The Stellar Flame is continuously burning one strand of jindan energy after another. After a strand has been burnt to the utmost, the small amount of essence left of it is swallowed up directly by the swirling nebula in his dantian. The silvery grains contained in the many layers of the nebula then absorb this amount of essence.

......

Days have passed. By now the silvery grains in the nebula inside Qin Yu have become much larger than they were at the beginning. Suddenly --

A silvery grain unexpectedly splits in half like a broken stone. Afterwards, the other silvery grains start to split in two one after another as well. In only a short while, all of the silvery grains in the nebula inside Qin Yu have split in half.

Immediately, the silvery grains in the nebula in the dantian have doubled in number and their density in each layer of the maelstrom has increased by 100% too.

“The middle phase of the Nebula stage!”

At the moment there is a burst of ecstasy in Qin Yu’s heart because he has finally reached the middle phase of the Nebula stage. At Lei Mountain House, he entered the early phase of the Nebula stage right after succeeding in practicing the Stellar Transformations. But if he had kept practicing normally from then on, it would have taken him at least over 100 years to reach the middle phase of the Nebula stage.

However, on this journey, Qin Yu has fought quite a few demonic beasts and killed quite a few Jindan-stage demonic beasts. Because he had absorbed a good few jindans’ essence previously, after absorbing a portion of a late jindan’s essence just now, he has suddenly broken through the early phase of the Nebula stage and reached the middle phase.

The swirling nebula inside Qin Yu’s body now is densely filled with the silvery grains, each of which is moving in a circle. But Qin Yu keeps refining the energy of the jindan and absorbing its essence.

After an indefinite amount of time, Qin Yu finally opens his eyes.

“Xiao Hei has reached the middle phase of the Jindan stage too.” He looks at Xiao Hei, who is still refining a jindan. He is in no hurry so he sits with legs crossed quietly waiting. The more formidable a demonic beast is, the longer it will take for it to reach the next level in practice. However, demonic beasts’ true power cannot be judged by their appearance alone.

During the fight against Shen Yu, Xiao Hei was only at the early phase of the Jindan stage, but relying on his special skill -- the Flaming Lightning Attack -- he was able to beat a late Jindan Black Wind leopard directly. With his hereditary memories, Xiao Hei is really a very powerful demonic beast.

“Big brother,” Xiao Hei now has woken up. His voice, which rises in Qin Yu’s mind, sounds extremely excited too.

Qin Yu’s and Xiao Hei’s improvements in power have been very similar to each other and now they both have advanced one step almost simultaneously as well.

“Xiao Hei, let’s go. We’ll continue with the journey. I wonder how many demonic beasts there will be ahead of us.” Qin Yu and Xiao Hei leave this place of practice immediately and resume their journey. By practicing in the Wilderness, they have really progressed much faster than they would have by practicing in the habitable part of the Qian Long continent.

However, at the same time, the Wilderness is also much more dangerous. For example, if Wu De and Wu Xing encountered those 2 late Jindan Black Wind leopards, they would probably be done for. Moreover ... there are demonic beasts even more formidable than Black Wind leopards in the Wilderness!

______

In Eternal House of the Imperial Palace in Ba Chu County,

“Master, everything is going just as you have planned. This time 200,000 armored cavalry troops of the Xiang clan have carried out several tens attacks. Various other army units have helped and cooperated with them. By now they have already defeated 3 cities of Lei Xue County.” Mister Lan says respectfully outside the beaded curtain.

On the glistening jade bed behind the beaded curtain, a vague silhouette is sitting with legs crossed.

“Oh, very good, from now on things must be done step by step. Don’t aim too high. How is the plan for the 2 Northern region counties going?” The Great Ancestor’s voice comes out. It obviously sounds very calm.

Mister Lan says respectfully: “Master, we’ve found a child of the Shangguan clan. This brat is totally obedient to us. The next step will be to kill Zhuang Jun.”

“Yeah,” the Great Ancestor responds indifferently inside. He then says no more.

Suddenly --

A green silhouette rushes in extremely fast from outside. At the same time, he says loudly: “Master, things have taken a nosedive. Master, things have taken a nosedive!” This green-clad middle-aged man is also a disciple of the Great Ancestor like Mister Lan.

“Don’t lose your nerve. Behave properly!” An ice-cold rebuke comes out from behind the beaded curtain.

The green-clad middle-aged man immediately stops then says hurriedly: “Master, things have taken a nosedive. Shang Que County has been defeated. Shang Que County has been taken!!!”

Bang!

A terrifying force surges out from behind the beaded curtain. In an instant, the curtain’s strings are all broken and its beads are sent flying outwards. An old man with flowing long black hair has already flown out from inside the room without any movements of his body. Eternal House is now put under a huge pressure.

With eyes glittering with coldness, the Great Ancestor stares doubtfully at the green-clad middle-aged man. Due to this, beads of cold sweat continuously appear on this man’s forehead.

“Tell me what happened again!”

The green-clad middle-aged man hurriedly says in a terrified voice: “Great Ancestor, we’ve just received the news that Shang Que County has been taken. Several hundred thousand troops of the Qin clan have completely stormed Shang Que County from the Southern region. Its few defending troops were basically too powerless to hinder them a bit!”

The Great Ancestor’s anger starts to surge. The air in his entire vicinity seems to begin vibrating.

“What was the Mu clan doing all that time?” The Great Ancestor asks coldly.

The southern part of Shang Que County is next to the Mu clan’s 3 Southern region counties and therefore it was only defended with 30,000 troops, which means it was almost totally defenseless. Who would have thought that there would be such a huge mistake in this apparently safest place?

“Mu clan? The Mu clan has switched allegiance to the Qin clan!” The green-clad middle-aged man says at once.

The Great Ancestor’s entire body shakes. In the blink of an eye, his face changes color several times. A faint smile then appears on his face: “Ha-ha ... it’s quite something, this Qin clan. Our Xiang clan told the Shangguan clan to pretend to lean on it, but it had unexpectedly asked the Mu clan to pretend to sell out to us earlier!”

In almost a moment, the Great Ancestor understands everything.

This most loyal Mu clan must have sworn allegiance to the Qin clan sometime in the past. At the most crucial moment to the Xiang clan, it suddenly rebelled and breached Shang Que County’s defense at one stroke then entered this county.

Originally, with the support of the Mu clan, the Xiang clan also had control over 6 counties and half of the kingdom’s military power so it was still possible for it to fight back against the Qin clan. However, now the Mu clan has switched sides all of a sudden and has even thrown open the defensive gate of Shang Que County.

Thus, the Xiang clan is currently at an absolute disadvantage.

The Xiang clan basically does not know how many troops of the Qin clan there are in Shang Que County at the moment. This time, the forces that have stormed this county included 300,000 Black Water troops and 300,000 troops of the 3 Southern region counties so there were 600,000 troops altogether. With unstoppable momentum, these 600,000 troops have swept away all obstacles. All cities on their way have either surrendered or been defeated very quickly.

At the same time in the 2 Northern region counties, a 600,000 strong army group made up of the Qin clan’s 300,000 troops and 300,000 troops among the Northern region’s original 400,000 troops has started to attack Zhen Yang County.

“Ha-ha ... Qin clan, you’re quite something. I admire you. But this has forced me to use the last move!” The Great Ancestor laughs out loud. Then, with a wave of his large sleeve and his robe fluttering, he soars directly into the sky from Eternal House.

Mister Lan and the green-clad middle-aged man exchange a look.

“Could it be Master wants to use absolute force?” The green-clad middle-aged man says in astonishment.

Mister Lan looks at the fading silhouette of the Great Ancestor and slowly nods: “When things have come to this pass, it’s basically hopeless to rely on the Xiang clan’s army. We can only rely on Master’s world-shaking power. I wonder what power level he has reached after nearly 1000 years. I’m really looking forward to seeing it.” His eyes flash with fervor.

“Master is getting into action, then ...” The green-clad middle-aged man’s eyes are also filled with expectation.

......

Standing in midair, the Great Ancestor, who is dressed in black, suddenly calls down: “Your old friend has arrived, Wu De. Why haven’t you come out to meet me?”

The door of the house below him is pushed open. After looking up, blue-clad Wu De immediately flies into the sky like a meteor. He then comes up to the Great Ancestor’s face. After looking at the Great Ancestor carefully several times, he says emotionally: “Brother Xiang Yang, we’ve been friends for nearly 1000 years. Originally you were just a peak Xiantian expert while I had already reached the early phase of the Jindan stage. But now you’ve already reached the Yuanying stage while I’m only a peak Jindan expert.”

Xiang Yang is the West Chu Conqueror Xiang Yu’s son. When Xiang Yu died in battle, Xiang Yang took over the Chu dynasty. Afterwards, he became the de facto 1st emperor of the Chu dynasty. During his reign, he managed the Chu dynasty neatly and turned its kingdom into the number 1 country of the 3 countries on the Qian Long continent.

Xiang Yang has even more potential for martial arts than his father Xiang Yu did. While governing the kingdom, he also practiced. Later, he reached the early phase of the Jindan stage just like his father. He then abdicated to focus on practice in Eternal House. After so many years, he has already reached the early phase of the Yuanying stage.

In the hearts of the Xiang clan’s members, in terms of status, Xiang Yang, the de facto 1st emperor who made the Chu dynasty thrive, is even superior to his father, the West Chu Conqueror Xiang Yu.

“On the path of practice, each has his own good luck. Brother Wu De, maybe you’ll be able to break through the Jindan stage to reach the Yuanying stage soon. When this matter has been dealt with, I’ll give you some experience of my reaching the Yuanying stage, okay?” Xiang Yang says smilingly.

Wu De’s eyes brighten.

To reach the Yuanying stage from the Jindan stage, a Xiuzhenist must have some intuitive enlightenment. It is even more difficult to break through the Yuanying stage to reach the Dongxu stage. Every time he has to make a breakthrough, if he is not instructed by at least a senior, it is very unlikely that he will succeed by himself.

Wu De has left his school to practice alone so it is difficult for him to make a breakthrough. If he can obtain Xiang Yang’s instructions, things will naturally be much easier for him.

“Oh? Then I have to thank you, Brother Xiang Yang. I wonder what your matter is. If I can help you, don’t hesitate to tell me about it.” Wu De also knows that Xiang Yang cannot give him a benefit for no reason. Moreover, Xiang Yang is more powerful than him so it is impossible for him to refuse his offer either.

Xiang Yang slightly nods. At the same time he turns his head and looks to the east. His eyes flash with coldness. The cold air around his body starts to expand.

Wu De is secretly startled: “What does this abnormal fella want to do? His killing intent is too strong already.”

“Take a trip to the east with me. I want to have a nice chat with that Qin De. I’ve heard that he has just reached the early phase of the Jindan stage, right? An early Jindan fella and a middle Jindan stage Fengyuzi, humph humph ...” There is a note of disdain in Xiang Yang’s tone.

An early Yuanying expert is on a totally different level from an early Jindan practitioner so naturally he looks down on Qin De a lot.

“Since you’ve asked me to, I’m certainly willing to accompany you on this trip,” says Wu De with a smile. Is it not only Fengyuzi? Going together with Xiang Yang, why would he still have to fear 2 midget Jindan Xiuzhenists?

Xiang Yang slightly nods to Wu De: “Then let’s go!”

Immediately afterwards, Xiang Yang and Wu De flies eastwards extremely fast side by side. Their black robe and blue robe flap in the winds. The 2 super experts are rushing east directly!

______

In the Wilderness,

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are going extremely fast through the Wilderness. On the way, many relatively weak demonic beasts basically do not dare to approach them. They have successively been attacked by a late Jindan Violent-Eyed bear and a late Jindan Blood-Red wolf but have handled these demonic beasts with ease.

After resting for a night, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei continue to hurry on their journey.

“Xiao Hei, this prairie is so big.” Qin Yu suddenly stops and looks ahead. A huge prairie has appeared before him. He has never seen such a huge prairie, which seems boundless at first sight.

Xiao Hei is also amazed.

“Big brother, no matter how large it is, let’s just go on.” Xiao Hei says while looking at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu nods: “Let’s go!”

The 2 of them instantly start to go through the prairie. Even though it looks like they are running on it, in fact they are flying, only that the distance between them and the ground is only about a half meter. The prairie’s local grass is very high and the feeling of going on it at high speeds is really not bad.

“This prairie’s demonic beasts are pretty strong.” Qin Yu’s holy sense totally covers the area within several tens kilometers of him.

“They’re just so-so. After such a long time we’ve only seen an early Jindan demonic beast. It also ran away before coming close to us.” Xiao Hei says via his holy sense. Obviously he feels a lot of scorn for ordinary demonic beasts.

The longer Qin Yu and Xiao Hei fly, the more they marvel at the enormousness of this prairie. It must be at least several thousand li in length.

They have been going for a very long time without any misgivings. The feeling of flying 1000 li without a break is not bad indeed. Suddenly Qin Yu’s face changes color. He says urgently using his holy sense: “Xiao Hei, there’s something strange. There’re no demonic beasts within several tens kilometers in front of us!”

He stops abruptly. Xiao Hei also stops.

“Big brother, I have a bad feeling.” Xiao Hei has also noticed that there are no demonic beasts in front of them. There are not even any common wild beasts. It is really too strange that such a thickly grassy prairie as this one unexpectedly has a large area which is devoid of demonic beasts.

Qin Yu frowns and says: “There’re only over 10,000 li left before we can leave the Wilderness. If we go around this prairie to return, since it seems boundless at first sight, who can say how much further we’ll have to travel? Plus, this place isn’t deep in the Wilderness so there shouldn’t be any overly tough demonic beasts here. Why should we worry?”

“That’s right. Why should we worry? We’ve even run into a Yuanying Golden Flame eagle. What’s there to worry about?” Because of his innate pride, Xiao Hei does not care about danger in the slightest.

“All right, let’s go!”

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei continue to stick to the prairie. They start to go ahead through that demonic-beast-free area of it.

End of b4c15.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 16
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C16: Hanging by a thread

This vast area of the prairie unexpectedly has no demonic beasts but it has a nameless oppressive air about it. The deeper Qin Yu and Xiao Hei go in it, the more careful they become. They have expanded their holy senses to the utmost. Both of them can feel the existence of an invisible source of danger here.

“Xiao Hei, there’s a small mountain over there.” Qin Yu stares ahead several kilometers, but he feels that there is something strange about his small mountain.

The dominant features of this vast prairie are small lakes and grasslands, but a small mountain has unexpectedly appeared up ahead so Qin Yu, who is already tense, naturally becomes cautious. Xiao Hei also focuses his eyes on it then says using his holy sense: “Big brother, let’s go around that small mountain!”

At this moment, even the aloof and proud Xiao Hei is being careful as well.

“Alright, let’s go around it!”

Both Qin Yu and Xiao Hei cannot help speeding up, trying to bypass that small mountain in the distance to fly west. That mountain has a dark red color. Its rocks form a regular pattern. When they are halfway to going around it, suddenly --

“Human, little black eagle.”

A voice rises in Qin Yu’s and Xiao Hei’s minds through holy sense communication.

“Xiao Hei, run!”

Disregarding everything else, Qin Yu immediately tells Xiao Hei via his holy sense. At the same time he starts to fly at his top speed. He certainly can guess that there must be an exceptionally formidable demonic beast in this strange grassland, one that even his holy sense cannot detect.

“Want to run?”

Suddenly, a terrifying pressure shoots out from the distance and totally affects Qin Yu’s and Xiao Hei’s bodies. This pressure is even much greater than those exerted by the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation’s thunderbolts. Qin Yu and Xiao Hei can only feel the continual thumping of their hearts in their ears.

“Big brother, it’s such a terrifying pressure!” Xiao Hei cannot help looking back at the source of the pressure.

Qin Yu also looks back.

They only see that the sky is being covered by a huge black cloud, which afterwards lands in front of them like a flash. It is so fast that both of them are totally dumbfounded by it. Obviously this monster is faster than them.

“Human, little black eagle, having come into my territory, you still think about escaping?”

The voice of the monster before Qin Yu and Xiao Hei rises in their minds.

Looking at the monster in front of him, Qin Yu cannot help taking a cold breath. This monster is dark red from head to toe, over 100 m long and several tens meters tall. Its entire body is covered in a suit of armor that looks like dark red rock. This monster even has 6 thick sharp spines on its neck and a golden horn on its forehead.

“A Dragon Rocky lion divine beast!”

Qin Yu feels his throat drying. He has read many introductions to demonic beasts in some Xiuzhen secret books in the study of Lei Mountain House so he knows that Dragon Rocky lions have huge bodies and, according to legend, they are born when dragons mate with Fiery Rocky lions, both of which are divine beasts.

A divine beast, no less!

Demonic beasts are divided into many classes and the ones with the highest status are divine beasts, which are very formidable and whose real power basically cannot be judged by their power levels. A Yuanying divine beast is even more formidable than a Dongxu stage Xiuzhenist.

In the eyes of Xiuzhenists, divine beasts are synonymous with power overwhelming.

A divine beast that has overcome the 9-from-9th Heaven Tribulation and reached the Dacheng stage can cope with 10 Dacheng Xiuzhenists at the same time. The gap in power between divine beasts and humans is really too big.

“Big brother, his aura’s so strong. Even that Golden Flame eagle’s aura didn’t make me feel so uncomfortable.” By now Xiao Hei has also noticed the tremendous pressure given off by the monster.

Xiao Hei and Qin Yu simply stop flying. Just now they already saw the speed of this Dragon Rocky lion so they know that it is more than twice as fast as even their top speeds. So, there is basically no hope for them.

The Dragon Rocky lion stares at Qin Yu and Xiao Hei then says laughingly using holy sense communication: “You unexpectedly came into my forbidden territory. Looks like you are outsiders and just don’t know about this rule.”

Qin Yu knows that a divine beast is not less intelligent than humans so he says respectfully at once: “I am Qin Yu. My 2nd brother Hei Yu and I want to run back to the human world on the Qian Long continent. We have never been to this prairie before so we didn’t know about this rule. Could you please let the 2 of us go, Senior?”

He understands that beggars cannot be choosers.

“Senior, may I ask what level you have reached? I feel that you’re much more formidable than that Yuanying stage Golden Flame eagle.” For some reason, Xiao Hei unexpectedly asks the Dragon Rocky lion this question at this moment.

The Dragon Rocky lion gives Xiao Hei a stare then unexpectedly replies: “Yuanying stage Golden Flame eagle? It’s the yellow eagle 70,000 li to the east from here, right? Even though he and I are both at the Yuanying stage, Golden Flame eagles are just a type of small bird, I can easily handle even 10 of them!”

The Dragon Rocky lion sends out a pressure then looks at Xiao Hei, saying with a distinctive interest: “Little black eagle, you seem to have an aura that attracts me. I feel that ... I’ll benefit greatly by eating you.”

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are startled at once. Just now, because the Dragon Rocky lion talked to them, they still had some hope. However, it has unexpectedly said this.

“Little black eagle, you seem to have some feelings for this human. If you agree to let me eat you, I’ll release this human. Eating a human is totally useless to me so I don’t feel like eating him. Do you think my offer is good or not? In fact, what I dislike the most is to force other demonic beasts to do something. But ... if you resist, I’ll be forced to eat both of you.” The Dragon Rocky lion’s voice rises in Qin Yu’s and Xiao Hei’s minds.

Feeling that the Dragon Rocky lion’s aura is even 10 times more fearsome than the Golden Flame eagle’s, Xiao Hei knows that they are simply no match for it. Even a Dongxu stage Xiuzhenist will not necessarily beat this Yuanying stage Dragon Rocky lion, a divine beast, let alone Qin Yu and Xiao Hei.

Xiao Hei looks at Qin Yu. His eagle eyes are exuding complex human-like emotions, which Qin Yu can feel very well.

“Big brother ...”

“Xiao Hei, don’t think too much.” Qin Yu’s cold voice rises in Xiao Hei’s mind. “Xiao Hei, to let you die for me like that without trying my best, even if I lived, I would be tortured by conscience my entire life. Moreover ... there’s still hope of escaping for us!”

Qin Yu remembers the introduction to Dragon Rocky lions in the Xiuzhen books he has read.

“According to the introduction to Dragon Rocky lions I read, they are divine beasts, unusually powerful and extremely fast. Their protective armor has exceptionally high defense. It’s said that their defense is even stronger than dragons’. But nothing is perfect. Because their bodies are too large while lacking in agility, movements such as dodging and turning are their weaknesses. This Dragon Rocky lion is only fast when moving in a straight line.”

Hearing Qin Yu say this, Xiao Hei totally understands what he means.

“Big brother ...” Xiao Hei is very clear that, even though what Qin Yu said is very reasonable, the Dragon Rocky lion after all is a divine beast. If they are careless a bit, they will be killed by it.

“Say no more. Even if we have to die, we’ll die together. It doesn’t matter if he’s a divine beast or not.” Qin Yu has made up his mind.

There is a special pride in his blood vessels, which has been passed down to members of the Qin clan from Qin Shi Huang Ying Zheng. Every member of the Qin clan, whether Qin De, Qin Feng, Qin Zheng or Qin Yu, is a person with that kind of pride.

“You 2 brats, what are you talking to each other via the holy sense? Little black eagle, have you thought it over?” the Dragon Rocky lion looks down at the 2 midgets before him. In the eyes of this huge beast, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are ‘midgets’ indeed.

“Senior, I agree.” Xiao Hei replies using his holy sense.

As soon as the Dragon Rocky lion hears this, he laughs out loud. His laughter resounds though a range of several hundred li. Qin Yu’s eyes suddenly brighten. He immediately says via his holy sense: “Xiao Hei, run. Run to the west. Fly in a somewhat flexible, irregular path!”

Xiao Hei uses the Passing Lighning Flashing 9 Times technique at once. With his wings slightly vibrating continuously several times, he soars into the sky extremely fast like a zigzagging thunderbolt.

As for Qin Yu, the high-grade holy weapon Flaming Sword appears under his feet. His light silvery stellar energy spreads throughout his body and the sword. Qin Yu’s body now is just like a holy weapon. He and the sword have become one! Standing on the sword, he also flies west.

The 2 of them, one man and one eagle, fly away from either side of the Dragon Rocky lion.

Seeing them flying extremely fast, the Dragon Rocky lion knows at once that he has been fooled. He cannot help getting exasperated and turning his face upwards giving a roar. His voice then rises in the minds of Qin Yu and Xiao Hei: “You 2 midgets have even dared to fool me. I’m going to eat both of you!”

With a movement of his body, the Dragon Rocky lion flies into the sky directly. In an instant, he starts to chase after Qin Yu at an extremely high speed.

Hu!

As if surfing, flying-sword-riding Qin Yu takes a right angle turn and quickly avoids the attack that the Dragon Rocky iron launches at him from behind. The Dragon Rocky iron makes a swaying movement of his body to correct his course then chases Qin Yu again.

“Even with such a large body, he’s so agile.” Qin Yu takes a cold breath. “Who wrote the introduction to Dragon Rocky lions in that Xiuzhen book? It’s ridiculous.” Qin Yu is furious inwardly but he has not given up all hope.

The Dragon Rocky lion is fairly agile, but after all his body is too large so he cannot compare with Qin Yu, who is using the Body-Weapon Unification technique, in agility.

“This Dragon Rocky lion can’t make use of wind like Black Wind leopards yet.” Standing on his flying sword, Qin Yu is floating at will nonstop, easily avoiding the Dragon Rocky lion’s attacks one by one. His entire body is like a falling leaf in a fierce wind.

Suddenly --

A flame spurts from the mouth of the Dragon Rocky lion and comes directly at Qin Yu.

“It’s over!”

“Big brother!” in the distance, Xiao Hei also becomes anxious.

Qin Yu is terrified. In the blink of an eye he focuses his entire attention on that flame. It is obviously very powerful. The travelling speed of the flame is even faster than the speed of the Dragon Rocky lion himself.

At this life-or-death moment, the light silvery stellar energy outside Qin Yu’s body suddenly begins to rotate.

The Stellar Field!

In an instant, a huge nebula is formed outside his body. The nebula inside him also starts spinning extremely fast. Immediately, another Qin Yu seems to be created. That, of course, is a phenomenon caused by Qin Yu reaching his top speed.

When his life is hanging on a thread, Qin Yu finally dodges the flame. He can even feel its terrifying heat as it brushes past one side of his body.

Since the range of the Stellar Field is the same as the range of the nebula outside his body, Qin Yu’s movements are limited. Moreover, the Stellar Field requires the entire energy of the nebula inside his body. Luckily for him, he has reached the middle phase of the Nebula stage so using this technique for just a moment does not adversely affect him very much.

In the blink of an eye, he stops the Stellar Field then rushes westwards like crazy. His flying path basically follows no regular patterns at all.

“Big brother.” At the moment Xiao Hei’s voice sounds somewhat excited.

“Don’t waste time. Speed up!” Qin Yu has already flown to a high altitude and is currently flashing back and forth through the clouds. The Dragon Rocky lion seems to have become furious. Sometimes he chases after Qin Yu and sometimes he chases after Xiao Hei. However, compared to him, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are like ants, and because they are too small, they are too agile for him as well.

All of a sudden --

“Xiao Hei, quickly go to the southwest!”

Qin Yu’s holy sense has suddenly felt a strong aura in the southwest which is even comparable to that of the Dragon Rocky lion. At the moment he has no time to think much about it. After all, if they keep getting chased like this, they will probably be killed sometime in the future.

In a short while, he and Xiao Hei have already flown southwest several hundred li.

An extremely crystalline cry of a bird rises.

“Dragon Rocky lion, this is my territory. Go the hell back to your den.” An enormous holy sense covers the area where Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are. The voice that is transferred through it even rises in their minds. Qin Yu is immediately delighted.

There is a huge red bird which is several tens meters tall up ahead. Its entire body is covered in blazing flames and its stunning crimson feathers radiate a magnificent aura. Qin Yu quickly makes a judgement.

“A Hong Luan divine beast!”

Qin Yu is stupefied. He never thought that he would continuously encounter 2 divine beasts. However, he is extremely pleasantly surprised in an instant and tells Xiao Hei hurriedly via his holy sense: “Xiao Hei, quickly go away from below. Don’t provoke this Hong Luan!”

“Ha-ha, I know, to let the 2 of them fight each other, right?!” Xiao Hei cries strangely then immediately dives down. Qin Yu also dives down extremely fast.

The Dragon Rocky lion however simply does not care about them, and nor does the Hong Luan. In the eyes of these 2 large divine beasts, a man and an eagle are merely midgets. To the Dragon Rocky lion, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are just spice to his life, which is dispensable. But this Hong Luan divine beast is his old rival.

“You actually told me to get the hell away?” He is extremely angry.

The Hong Luan spreads its wings, which are about as long as its height. Hong Luans are innately magnificent so a magnificent aura naturally spreads out from it. The Hong Luan says: “Dragon Rocky lion, this is my territory. Having come here, you still don’t want to behave. Are you looking for a fight?”

The Dragon Rocky lion has become furious. Without thinking much, he immediately turns his face upwards and lets out a roar. The air in his entire vicinity starts to vibrate.

......

Boom ~~~

There is a series of explosions behind Qin Yu and Xiao Hei. These explosions are even much more powerful than the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. Feeling the air around them vibrating hurriedly, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei cannot help looking aghast at each other. This battle between 2 divine beasts is really too terrifyingly devastating.

“Don’t care about them, Xiao Hei. Let’s run faster.”

Using the Body-Weapon Unification, Qin Yu flies extremely fast westwards. Xiao Hei also uses the Passing Lightning Flashing 9 Times continuously. The 2 of them, one man and one eagle, run west desperately nonstop at their top speeds. They simply do not dare to slow down because who can say the Dragon Rocky lion will not chase them again after fighting?

Given the Dragon Rocky lion’s power, they will die if just one of his strikes connects.

They fly this way for 6 hours straight. Qin Yu flies at his fastest speed for 6 entire hours. He has only used the Body-Weapon Unification technique for short periods of time before and has never used it to fly so desperately. After 6 hours, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei suddenly see --

There are houses in the distance. In addition, the density of the Wilderness’s holy energy drops sharply.

“Ha-ha, Xiao Hei, we’ve finally come back!” Qin Yu, who is running like there is no tomorrow, wakes up in an instant. Obviously the crazy run just now has brought him back to the human world of the Qian Long continent directly from the Wilderness. After going through the Wilderness for several months, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei have finally returned alive!

NOTE:

- The lion in this chapter is similar to a Chinese guardian lion:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_guardian_lions

- Luan is a Chinese mythical bird, a descendant of the Phoenix, and Hong means Red:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feilong_(mythology)

End of b4c16.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 17
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C17: The return of Qin Yu

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei feel a surge of relief in their hearts. They no longer run desperately as they were doing just now either. The 2 brothers, one man and one eagle, then fly through the clouds, heading directly for the princely mansion in Yan City. However, at the moment, the town of Xiyang is visited by 2 terrifying personages.

With his black robe fluttering, Xiang Yang stands in midair and looks down at the entire town of Xiyang. His eyes seem as if they are piercing through space. Wu De, his blue robe fluttering in the wind, is on one side of Xiang Yang.

Xiang Yang basically does not hide his real power. A huge aura expands from him then enfolds the entire town. The pressure it gives off is felt by almost all of the people in the town.

At Qin De’s residence in the town of Xiyang,

Creak ~~

Qin De pushes open the door of his room and walks into the courtyard directly from the room. He raises his head looking into the sky. There is unexpectedly a faint calm smile on the corners of his mouth at the moment.

“Oh? Xiang Yang has finally arrived,” murmurs Qin De. At the same time, Xu Yuan also walks out from his room, having also felt that terrifying pressure. He looks up and immediately sees the 2 people who are standing in midair.

“Your Highness, they are ...” Xu Yuan is shocked.

Qin De turns his head and looks at Xu Yuan, saying: “Xu Yuan, do you still remember the brocade purse that I gave you at that time? Wait for a while then return and open it. Later you’ll have to follow the steps that I mapped out in that brocade purse.”

“Qin clan brat, quickly come to meet me!”

A voice that sounds like thunder shakes the entire town of Xiyang. The terrifying force contained in that voice causes all the soldiers in the town to go pale. Weak people even pass out directly because of it.

“Remember, go back and open that brocade purse!” Qin De says to Xu Yuan seriously. Because the latter is also a very intelligent man, seeing Qin De’s expression, he can somewhat guess what is going to happen. But he still says with a nod: “Don’t worry, Your Highness. Xu Yuan definitely won’t let you down!”

Qin De gives a faint smile. A flying sword then appears under his feet.

Standing on the flying sword, Qin De soars into the sky.

Flying on his sword, Qin De meets Xiang Yang in midair in a just short while. Xiang Yang’s black hair is flowing naturally and his black robe is fluttering, but the most frightening thing about him is his ice-cold eyes, which seem as if they can see through other people’s hearts.

“Xiang Yang deserves to be called the most outstanding member of the Xiang clan.”

Qin De even has some admiration for this Xiang Yang. In the past, the West Chu Conqueror was extremely overbearing so when contending for the control of the lands he offended very many influential people. After his death, the Xiang clan became everyone’s target. Luckily, young Xiang Yang made an impressive entrance, befriending distant states while attacking the nearby ones. Eventually he and the other 2 great powers divided all the lands into 3.

Afterwards, Xiang Yang managed the Chu kingdom for several decades and even turned it into the strongest of the 3 kingdoms. Not only did Xiang Yang excel at governing the country, according to legend, he was even at least not inferior to his father Xiang Yu when it comes to martial arts. Despite having to pay attention to the running of the country, he was finally still able to reach the Jindan stage.

Xiang Yu was ruthless and totally overbearing but was not benevolent enough. However Xiang Yang seemed to be perfect. Depending on the situation, he could be either benevolent, or ruthless, or fair, or deceitful. He could use all kinds of tricks proficiently and was absolutely a born emperor.

“Hello, Senior Xiang Yang.” Qin De slightly folds his hands and says with a smile, showing neither humbleness nor arrogance.

Xiang Yang takes a look at Qin De. Judging by the fact that his opponent is not nervous at all after seeing him, he knows that there is a huge difference between his descendant Xiang Guang and Qin De. However, no matter what happens, Xiang Yang is a member of the Xiang clan. A faint smile appears on the corners of his mouth.

“Qin De!” Xiang Yang looks carefully at Qin De then says laughingly: “You’re really something. No wonder you have been able to take half of the Chu kingdom’s territory in only a short time. I admire you a lot ... but I’m a Xiang clan’s man. You’re smart so you should be able to guess why I’ve come here, right?”

Qin De takes a glance at Xiang Yang and Wu De. As soon as he sees Wu De, his eyes flash with fierceness.

“Wu De,” he immediately remembers how his son Qin Yu perished together with Wu Xing. Wu De looks at Qin De, his eyes flashing with killing intent as well. He has never forgotten how his martial younger brother died.

Xiang Yang’s voice becomes serious: “Qin De, didn’t you hear my question?”

Qin De looks at Xiang Yang, saying: “Senior Xiang Yang, I really don’t know why you’ve come here in such a grandiose manner. What have you actually come here for?” Qin De pretends not to know anything.

Xiang Yang slightly frowns. The cold light in his eyes immediately intensifies: “Oh, a smart person like you can’t figure it out? Then I’ll tell you. I want the Qin clan’s army to retreat now. In this way, the 3 Eastern region counties will still be yours and the Qin clan will still be a vassal of my Xiang clan. The Xiang clan won’t even meddle in the 3 Eastern region counties’ affairs so they’ll be like a country within a country. What do you think?”

“Retreat? A country within a country?” Qin De suddenly laughs out loud.

His laughter is filled with sarcasm. Despite hearing Qin De’s laughter, Xiang Yang is still collected. He calmly waits for Qin De’s answer. Qin De’s face suddenly hardens. He says to Xiang Yang: “Senior Xiang Yang, I respect you for being a sage emperor of the Chu dynasty, but you’re dreaming. By now, when my Qin clan has occupied 10 out of the 12 counties of the Chu kingdom, do you think I’ll withdraw? How will that be possible?”

The cold air around Xiang Yang intensifies greatly: “Qin De, could it be you don’t understand your situation?”

“Situation, what situation?” Qin De looks at Xiang Yang in an unyielding manner. The 2 of them look each other in the eyes. Qin De however is not afraid at all. “Plus, you’re only one Xiuzhenist. Do you think you can compare with 2,000,000 troops?”

Qin De’s aura even rises.

Xiang Yang suddenly bursts out laughing then says: “Good, you’re quite something, Qin De. I only want to tell you that I’ve already reached the Yuanying stage. Though it’s only the early phase, I believe you should know what this means. Think it over, will you?”

“Think about what?” Qin De says without hesitation.

Xiang Yang’s face slightly changes color. Despite his great self-possession, he has become angry. This Qin De is playing the fool with him.

“You’ve reached the early phase of the Jindan stage, but I can kill you in one hit. As for the fella called Fengyuzi or something like that, I can kill him with ease too. I can even kill all of the Qin clan’s marshals and generals. Now do you understand what I mean?” Xiang Yang says continuously.

However, there is still a faint calm smile on Qin De’s face.

“Senior Xiang Yang, both Fengyuzi and I are Jindan stage Xiuzhenists. You can easily find us using your holy sense, but do you know the other generals of the Qin clan? Even if they were in front of you, you wouldn’t be able to know if they are the Qin clan’s generals.” Qin De says while staring at Xiang Yang.

When a Xiuzhenist searches for someone, at least he must know that person’s aura. Otherwise, he will not be able to be sure.

“In the army, marshals’ and generals’ tents are no different from soldiers’. You basically won’t find out who the generals are, so how will you kill them?” Qin De says emphatically while staring at Xiang Yang.

“Moreover, 600,000 troops have stormed Zhen Yang County from the 2 Northern region counties. Among the 200,000 troops of the Xiang clan in the county, 100,000 have already surrendered. The other 100,000 are merely on their last legs. The Black Water troops and the Mu clan troops, 600,000 in total, have almost occupied the entire Shang Que County as well.” Qin De reveals the information he received just now.

Xiang Yang’s face changes color.

He knew early on that Zhen Yang County’s 200,000 troops would definitely be unable to stop 600,000 enemy soldiers. But he never thought that 100,000 of them would unexpectedly surrender. However, there is nothing unusual about this. Anyone who is not a fool can see that the Xiang clan is nearing its end, so it is not difficult to tempt those soldiers into surrendering by offering them some money or rights.

“My Qin clan has 600,000 troops in Shang Que County in the south and Zhen Yang County in the north each. There are even some Xiang clan troops who have surrendered in these counties. In addition, there are almost 400,000 troops in Lei Xue County. They are ready to attack from 3 sides while your Xiang clan only has Ba Chu County left. If the Qin clan disregards everything to give an order, they will definitely be able to storm Ba Chu County within one day.” Qin De says very confidently.

If the only county that the Xiang clan has left is attacked from 3 sides, it will have to be defended on 3 sides. However, after the battles in Zhen Yang County, Shang Que County and Lei Xue County, the remaining troops of the Xiang clan only amount to 500,000 to 600,000. How can this small number of troops successfully defend the county from a massive 3-pronged attack?

There is no need for Qin De to say much because Xiang Yang certainly understands the situation.

Even though Xiang Yang is a formidable Xiuzhenist, if 2,000,000 enemy soldiers attack at once, how will he be able to stop them? A strike of his flying sword can only kill several troops so it will take him a very long time to kill just 100,000.

“Qin De, you still don’t get what I mean.” Xiang Yang says laughingly.

“Oh, I’m willing to hear your explanation.” Qin De says with an indifferent smile.

Xiang Yang says: “Your status is East Vanquishing Prince, the head of the Qin clan. If I kill you, the Qin clan will probably be plunged into chaos, right?”

Qin De bursts out laughing: “Let me tell you something. I’ve already made preparations. Once I die, the Qin clan is going to have a new head. At the same time, its army is going to attack desperately from 3 sides and trample the Xiang clan to pieces!”

Xiang Yang’s eyes flash with coldness.

If 2,000,000 troops really attack from 3 sides, despite his personal power, he will not be able to block such a huge number of troops. Even though they will not be able to kill him, there will be nothing he can do either.

After all, 2,000,000 troops are too many.

The destruction of the Xiang clan is what Xiang Yang does not want to see the most.

“But ... I want to live too if possible. So, I can order these troops not to attack Ba Chu County, but you mustn’t harm anyone of the Qin clan either. What do you think? If you strike, the armies in Lei Xue County, Shang Que County and Zhen Yang County are going to storm Ba Chu County immediately!” Qin De says smilingly.

Xiang Yang stares at Qin De for a long time then says with a slight nod: “All right, remember your words. You mustn’t attack Ba Chu County. Otherwise even if I’m the only one left I’ll exterminate the Qin clan!”

With his black robe flapping, Xiang Yang immediately pierces through the air, leaving. Wu De takes a look at Qin De but then also leaves on his flying sword.

Looking in the direction of Xiang Yang’s departure, Qin De begins to frown deeply: “The situation has been complicated a bit. I never expected Xiang Yang to have reached the Yuanying stage’s early phase. Originally I thought this genius of the Xiang clan was at the Jindan stage’s late phase at most, in which case I would still be able to manage to deal with him. But it’s the Yuanying stage’s early phase ... even if the Qin clan gets the kingdom, Xiang Yang can and will exterminate my clan.”

Qin De ponders in midair for a long time but cannot come up with any solution. Xiang Yang reaching the early phase of the Yuanying stage has made it impossible for his plan to be completed.

******

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are going through the clouds. At the moment Qin Yu’s mood is somewhat excited.

“Perhaps father and brothers still think that I’m dead.” Thinking about this, he becomes more eager to meet his father. Suddenly he sees the silhouette of Yan City down below. He tells Xiao Hei at once: “Xiao Hei, we’re about to reach the princely mansion. Let’s speed up!”

He then dives down towards the princely mansion like a beam of light. Xiao Hei also dives down after him.

“Big brother, I wonder how your father will react when he sees you.” Xiao Hei says to Qin Yu via his holy sense. Qin Yu cannot help giving a faint smile. With his current speed, he arrives in the airspace of the mansion in a short while.

His holy sense sweeps through the entire mansion.

“Oh? Big brother, 2nd brother and father all aren’t here.” Qin Yu flies to a place of the mansion directly.

Manager Li of the mansion is taking a walk very leisurely. Because he has received good news from the front lines, he is very relaxed. After Ge Min’s death, then Vice-Manager Li was promoted to manager and was also given a lot more power.

Suddenly, a blur appears before Manager Li then becomes clearer, showing the body of a man.

“Ah!”

Manager Li cannot help crying out in shock. At any rate he is the manager of the princely mansion so ordinary matters will not be able to astound him like this. However, what appears before him at the moment is 3rd Prince Qin Yu, who should have died.

“3rd Prince?” Manager Li’s face is full of disbelief.

Because of 3rd Prince’s death, he was grieved for a long time. But now a living 3rd Prince has unexpectedly appeared in front of him. Seeing Qin Yu’s smile, Manager Li cannot help believing that this is the real 3rd Prince Qin Yu of the princely mansion.

“Uncle Li, now you’re already the manager. Right, where’s my father?” Qin Yu asks smilingly.

Manager Li’s face changes color. He then stares at Qin Yu and says: “Say! Who are you? Don’t think that I don’t know it’s easy for Xiantian experts to change their appearances. His Highness himself saw 3rd Prince die. You think you can fool me with this?”

“Uncle Li, you don’t even recognize me? Do you still remember the time you brought me 8 external experts for me to choose my master from? At that time I chose Master Zhao Yunxing.” Qin Yu has no choice but to say this.

In his heart Manager Li believes that this man is Qin Yu, but his Lord personally witnessed Qin Yu’s death. A dead person cannot be revived. This is an established law of nature.

“Many people know that I took 8 external experts to 3rd Prince for him to choose his master. This can’t confirm your identity.” His face looks very solemn. However he has not called the guards yet and is waiting for Qin Yu to mention some secrets.

Qin Yu shakes his head with a smile. He cannot help saying: “Right, once when I was 5, as Grandpa Lian was accompanying me, I peed on your face and into your mouth. Do you still remember that?”

Manager Li is immediately speechless.

Only he himself and Lian Yan know about that embarrassing incident. He has never talked about it. Qin Yu has never mentioned it since moving to Misty Villa either, and Lian Yan was no fool. But it has just unexpectedly come out from Qin Yu’s mouth.

“Also, when I left the mansion for Misty Villa, you even gave me a wooden horse you had carved by yourself. Plus, once when I was 10, I came to the mansion, you ...” Qin Yu says smilingly, but Manager Li cannot help getting misty-eyed.

“3rd Prince!”

With a movement, he hugs Qin Yu tightly. His tears stream down from his eyes uncontrollably. Manager Li saw Qin Yu grow up. In the past, as the vice-manager of the mansion, he had a very deep affection for Qin Yu. Now Qin Yu has mentioned so many things he knows only Qin Yu knows about. Moreover, Qin Yu’s smile and expressions are exactly like those of the 3rd Prince in his heart.

“All right, Uncle Li.” Qin Yu can also feel Uncle Li’s excitement. “Uncle Li, where’s my father? Why are my big and 2nd brothers not in the mansion?”

After letting go of Qin Yu, Manager Li immediately says with a smile: “His Highness? Several months ago he went to war with the Xiang clan!”

“He already went to war with the Xiang clan?” Qin Yu is startled.

End of b4c17.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 18
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C18: Family reunion

“The action was already started? Why so fast? How is the current situation? How have the Black Water bandits been dealt with? Does the Shangguan clan sincerely side with us or not?” Qin Yu cannot wait to ask Manager Li.

He is obviously shocked to know that Qin De started the action so early. He basically never thought that his father would initiate the war so early. Originally Qin Yu was very worried about the Qin clan’s ambition to unify the Chu kingdom because, after all, the Xiang clan was too strong while his clan was still being threatened by the bandits.

“Don’t worry, 3rd Prince, everything was well prepared when His Highness started the war. Since the order was given, our armies have advanced with unstoppable momentum while suffering almost no losses. By now we have occupied 10 counties of the Chu kingdom.” Manager Li waves his hands, saying. He still does not know that by now Zhen Yang County has been defeated. After all, it is impossible for that news to be reported so fast.

Qin Yu is surprised: “What, 10 counties?”

He simply cannot imagine how his father has been able to deal with the Mu clan and the Shangguan clan in such a short time.

“Ha-ha, 3rd Prince, there are many things about His Highness’s devising of the plans that you don’t know. The 300,000 Black Water mountain range bandits have secretly been loyal to our Qin clan since the beginning. As for the Shangguan clan, it wanted to plot against us but His Highness used a trick to seize control of its 2 Northern region counties at one stroke. And the 3 Southern region counties ... I’m not sure what happened there either, but they have inexplicably leaned on His Highness.”

In a short while, Qin Yu’s mind has already understood almost the entire course of the war.

“He took the 2 Northern region counties through plotting?” Knowing that his father was able to take control of the 2 Northern region counties, he can figure out that the methods most probably used were assassination, entrapping and the like.

Qin Yu frowns, his eyes flashing: “Uncle Li, where’s my father? And where are my big and 2nd brothers?” What he wants the most at the moment is to meet his relatives. After all, he has been away from them for so long. Moreover, with his current power, he can probably help them out as well.

Manager Li thinks for a while then says: “His Highness is in the town of Xiyang nearby in the Black Water mountain range. But 1st Prince is commanding his army in Lei Xue County and 2nd Prince is in the town of Wuxue next to the town of Xiyang.”

“The town of Xiyang?” Qin Yu’s eyes brighten.

After he left Misty Villa at the age of 13 to begin carrying out assassination missions, he often wandered around the Chu kingdom with Xiao Hei so he became very familiar with its many cities and even small towns. Now, as soon as he hears the town of Xiyang mentioned, he remembers where it is.

******

In a courtyard house in the town of Xiyang,

“Your Highness, if that Xiang Yang had really struck a killing blow, you would’ve been dead. No matter what happened, you shouldn’t have played with your life like that.” Xu Yuan says to Qin De angrily.

However, seeing that Qin De is alive, he also secretly lets out a sigh of relief.

The brocade purse that Qin De gave him talks about how various affairs of the Qin clan are to be handled once Qin De dies. Seeing the contents of the brocade purse, Xu Yuan knew that things were not good. Luckily, Qin De has eventually flown down from the sky alive.

“Xu Yuan, people who are also Xiuzhenists like me simply can’t hide from an early phase Yuanying expert. In the mortal world, I, who have reached the Jindan stage, am like a bright lamp in the dark. He can find me very quickly.” Qin De says with an indifferent smile.

Xu Yuan also understands what Qin De means but he still says: “Is Xiang Yang really formidable, Your Highness? Not even you and Shangxian Fengyuzi can cope with him?”

Xu Yuan is exceptionally intelligent but he still does not know much about the Xiuzhen world.

Qin De cannot help forcing a faint smile: “Even if I and Fengyuzi join forces, we still won’t be able to cause him a scratch. It’s early Yuanying stage, no less! The difference in power between us is too great!” Qin De is worried in his heart, worried about how to handle Xiang Yang.

If he cannot eliminate Xiang Yang, even if the Qin clan seizes control of the kingdom, a furious Xiang Yang will probably wipe out its members.

“For the moment I can only tell the armies to stop attacking. If this problem can’t be solved, attacking again will only provoke this terrifying fella Xiang Yang.” Qin De frowns deeply. Soon after Xiang Yang left, he has already dispatched people to the armies with the order -- to stop attacking!

Xiang Yang!

How to deal with a super expert of the early Yuanying stage?

Qin De racks his brains but the difference in power between them is so great that all of his tricks have been rendered useless.

“Your Highness, did Wu De come here just now?” A clear voice rises. Qin De looks back and sees Fengyuzi fly into the courtyard directly from the distance in the sky on his flying sword. There is some anxiety in his eyes.

“Wu De? If he had come here alone, it would’ve been good. The Xiang clan’s Great Ancestor was also with him.” Qin De shakes his head and says smilingly.

Fengyuzi has also heard of Xiang Yang’s famous name. He slightly frowns, saying: “Xiang Yang, the 1st emperor of the Xiang clan? If he’s still living, he’ll have practiced for nearly 1000 years. Perhaps his power is close to Wu De’s, right?”

“Close? If that was the case, I wouldn’t be so distressed. It’s early Yuanying stage.” Qin De says frankly. “Xiang Yang has reached the early Yuanying stage.”

“What? My goodness! Early Yuanying stage? How is this possible? The gap is too big, really too big!” Fengyuzi’s face totally changes color. An early Yuanying expert can deal with 3 or 4 late Jindan experts whereas he is only a middle Jindan expert and Qin De is even worse, an early Jindan expert. They simply cannot compare with Xiang Yang.

“When the Xiang clan suddenly has such a super expert, isn’t your plan is done for?” Fengyuzi knows very well about Qin De’s plan and he understands one thing --

An early Yuanying expert cannot be killed with mass attacks, nor can he be killed by him and Qin De.

Qin De gives a disappointed smile: “Brother Feng, let’s play a game with me first and talk later.” In general, when Qin De cannot solve a problem after thinking very hard, he will put it aside to take a rest first before continuing to think about it.

Fengyuzi also nods: “Then I’ll play a game with you, Your Highness.”

Qin De and Fengyuzi immediately sit down and start to play a game of Go in peace.

......

In Lei Xue County, in Qin Feng’s room,

“Marshal, His Highness has ordered that you must defend the cities and mustn’t come out to attack.” An order-delivering soldier informs Qin Feng clearly of Qin De’s order. After hearing it, Qin Feng cannot help asking: “Then when is the battle going to start?”

The order-delivering soldier says: “His Highness said you are not to attack for the moment, unless His Highness gives another order.”

Qin Feng frowns and dismisses the order-delivering soldier with a wave of his hand. He then begins to ponder: “Isn’t this order by father meant to stop us from attacking again? Also, it doesn’t have an exact time limit. We’re on the verge of victory in this war, why has father ...”

“Marshal, has His Highness given some orders?” An over 40 year old middle-aged man approaches him.

Qin Feng nods, saying: “Yes, my father has ordered that we only need to defend the cities and mustn’t come out to attack. Plus, there’s no exact time limit.”

The middle-aged man slightly frowns but says nothing.

“Brother Ximen, for the moment I’ll put you in charge of my 100,000 troops. Do remember that you only need to defend the cities and can’t come out to attack. I have to see my father in person to ask what actually happened.” After receiving this order, Qin Feng is unable to put his own mind at rest.

He does not worry that something will happen after he leaves either. After all, if the attack is restarted, his father will definitely send people to spread this order. Because he will be in the town of Xiyang at that time, he will naturally know about it.

“His Highness? So you want to go meet him?” Ximen Xin asks doubtfully.

Qin Feng nods: “I’m going right now. This is my authority card. It’s only defending the cities. I believe in your talent, Brother Ximen. In terms of defense, not even I am as good as you.” Qin Feng says smilingly. He is very confident to give a cautious veteran like Ximen Xin control of the defense.

******

Qin De and Fengyuzi have been playing the game of Go for 12 to 14 hours straight, seeming to have forgotten time.

Xu Yuan is watching silently on one side. He also knows that both Qin De and Fengyuzi are not mortals and do not really have to eat. Therefore, while he himself has had a meal, he has not interrupted them.

Qin De holds a white piece and thinks for a long time without putting it down. Fengyuzi only looks on and does not urge him. After a long time, a hint of happiness appears on Qin De’s face. He puts the chess piece down with a clack.

“Brother Feng, it looks like you ... oh.”

Both Qin De and Fengyuzi stand up all of a sudden and look eastwards.

“Experts, experts far more powerful than you and me.” Qin De’s expression becomes very serious. The appearance of Xiang Yang alone has given him a headache. But now 2 overwhelming auras seem to be approaching extremely fast. Their speed is really shocking.

Fengyuzi’s face has also become solemn.

Whizz!

A black blur and a light silvery blur dive down directly from the sky at a very high speed like 2 meteors. It seems to take them only a moment to come into the courtyard. Now the appearances of these 2 mysterious experts can finally be seen clearly.

Qin De is instantly dumbfounded.

Fengyuzi and Xu Yuan are also dumbfounded.

The 3 of them look at the young man who has just appeared before them in disbelief. He has that familiar aura, that familiar look, and even that familiar black eagle.

“Father!”

Qin Yu eventually says first in a choked voice. After staying in the Wilderness for over 10 months and going through a journey of 100,000 li, finally he has returned and can see his father Qin De. This word causes Qin De to shake all over.

His eyes are filled with a mixture of disbelief, excitement and ecstasy.

It is basically unbelievable that the look in a person’s eyes can contain so many meanings at the same time.

“Yu ... Yu’er!” Qin De says in a quivering voice. “It’s you. Are you still alive? I’m not dreaming, am I?” He simply cannot believe this. That day Qin Yu’s heart was penetrated before him, but now a living Qin Yu has unexpectedly appeared. However, Qin De also thinks that his son is really alive.

Qin Yu seriously nods his head. At the same time he gets misty-eyed: “Father, I’m living. I’m still alive.”

The father and the son then stare at each other without saying a word. All of their feelings are expressed completely through the eyes.

A person’s aura can gradually change according to his power level or his intuitive enlightenment, but not to a large extent. Fengyuzi has also noticed that the Qin Yu lookalike in front of him has an aura very similar to Qin Yu’s. The only difference is that this person’s aura is even more stable and fierce than Qin Yu’s in the past.

As for Qin De, he basically has no doubt. After the 2 of them exchanged their feelings through their eyes, Qin De has already judged that this is his son because of the look in his eyes. Moreover, the inherent telepathy between father and son has allowed Qin De to confirm that this person is Qin Yu.

He does not understand at all how his son was able to survive.

But, does he have to find out the truth about it? After knowing that his son survived, Qin De has already felt that he is very lucky and has thanked Heaven for this, why would he want to investigate how Qin Yu was revived?

......

It is still late at night, but Qin De immediately orders his subordinates to prepare a sumptuous banquet. Since returning from the site of the tribulation, he has never felt so happy and excited. Because he, who has stopped really caring about even food and drink, suddenly orders a banquet, his subordinates and cooks all become very busy.

It is late at night, but the entire town of Xiyang is peppered with firelight. In Qin De’s courtyard house, Qin De, Xu Yuan, Fengyuzi and Qin Yu, 4 people altogether, are sitting at a stone table. Various dishes are brought out continuously. When 6 trays have been filled with them, the servants stop temporarily.

Not far from the stone table, there is a huge roast sheep. It has been prepared for Xiao Hei.

“Xiao Hei, I never knew that you preferred cooked food. I thought that you only liked eating wild beasts raw.” Qin Yu says to Xiao Hei using his holy sense. Just now, when the dishes started to be put on the stone table, Xiao Hei unexpectedly told Qin Yu via his holy sense that he wanted to eat roast sheep.

Qin Yu of course let his father know about this. Qin De had felt that Xiao Hei was strong and had been secretly amazed by his power so, when told by Qin Yu, he immediately ordered the cooks to prepare roast sheep.

Xiao Hei has no choice but to say: “Don’t blame me, big brother. Before I overcame the tribulation, my intelligence was still low. After the tribulation I had to practice again. It was all practicing on the way back here too. And with your internal flame and mine, if we had wanted to roast wild beasts, they would’ve been turned to ashes in an instant.”

After overcoming the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, Xiao Hei has become almost as intelligent as humans so he naturally has had many thoughts.

“Yu’er, it’s really unimaginable that that heavenly-tribulation-like beam of light was a teleportation technique. Having practiced in the Wilderness for so long, you should’ve already gone through the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, right? I feel that you’re not only more powerful than me, you’re even more powerful than your Uncle Feng.” Qin De says emotionally.

Qin Yu says smilingly: “There’re quite a few demonic beasts in the Wilderness. I was able to improve so fast only because I killed demonic beasts and refined their jindans. As for my power, dealing with late Jindan experts shouldn’t be a problem to me.”

Qin Yu is even being modest. His and Xiao Hei’s power cannot be judged by appearance. When he was still at the early Nebula stage and Xiao Hei was at the early Jindan stage, they were already able to kill 2 late Jindan Black Wind leopards by unleashing their special techniques. After refining the 2 late jindans of the leopards, both of them advanced one step in power.

At the moment Qin Yu is at the middle Nebula stage and Xiao Hei is at the middle Jindan stage so it will be really easy for them to deal with late Jindan experts.

As Qin Yu finishes saying, a familiar voice rises outside the courtyard house.

“Father.” At the same time, the gate of the house is opened. It is Qin Feng. He has been hurrying to this courtyard house since he reached the town of Xiyang after going extremely fast for a long time. “Father, why did you give that order ...? Ah! Xiao Yu!”

When Qin Feng sees Qin Yu, his entire body freezes as if he has been struck by lightning.

End of b4c18.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 19
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C19: Decision

“Big brother!”

Qin Yu suddenly stands up from his seat, his eyes filled with excitement.

However, at the moment Qin Feng is far more shocked than Qin Yu. When he knew about Qin Yu’s death, he was in anguish for a long time. He has participated in this war with the intention of seeking revenge for the death of his 3rd brother, but now his 3rd brother is unexpectedly standing in front of him alive.

“Xiao Yu ...” Qin Feng does not know what to say for the moment.

“Feng’er, quickly sit down. You’ll know about what happened to Yu’er in a short while. Don’t look like that. It’s your 3rd brother. He’s really living.” Qin De laughs out loud cheerfully. He has not laughed so happily for a long time.

Qin Feng shakes his head hard. It does not matter what happened, as long as his 3rd brother is alive, things are great to him.

He immediately sits down as well. The 5 of them encircle the table. Qin De then says: “Yu’er, you can continue with your story in the Wilderness.” Just now Qin Yu only finished talking about how the beam of light had hit and teleported him into the Wilderness. He has not mentioned what happened afterwards yet.

Qin Yu says smilingly: “After getting teleported into my master’s house in the Wilderness, I started to practice with no worries. Then I felt that my 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation was coming soon. But ... Xiao Hei had to undergo the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation even earlier than I did.” He looks at Xiao Hei while smiling.

The other 4 people, Qin De, Qin Feng, Fengyuzi and Xu Yuan, all look at Xiao Hei. Their eyes are full of amazement.

They all know that Qin Yu took a young eagle in when he was 7 so they of course can figure out how long Xiao Hei has practiced. Generally, demonic beasts with relatively low intelligence have even more difficulties in practice than humans, but Xiao Hei reached the level where he could take on the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation in just 10 years, which is apparently a shocking thing.

“Xiao Yu,’ says Fengyuzi in wonderment, “In the past I was unable to decide the type of your black eagle, but now, given that he reached the Jindan stage so fast, it looks like he belongs to a very special type of demonic beast.”

Xiao Hei flaps his wings, looking very happy. However, he does not talk to the other people using his holy sense.

“Ha-ha, both Xiao Yu and his black eagle are freaks. It already seems awesome that I could reach the late Xiantian level at such a young age, but Xiao Yu has even overcome the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation before turning 20. And it’s the same with Xiao Hei. This man and this eagle are really ... freaks, freaks!!!” Qin Feng drinks some wine then says with loud laughs.

Qin De also drinks a cup of wine then says to Qin Feng: “Feng’er, your 3rd brother didn’t only overcome the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, now even late Jindan experts are no match for him. Not long ago, when I and Brother Feng detected Yu’er and this black eagle with our holy senses, they were moving over several tenfold faster than I do when riding my flying sword.”

Qin Yu practices the Stellar Transformations and his stellar energy goes from the nebula outside his body into the one inside him then goes out again, forming a cycle. As the stellar energy continuously goes through his flesh and bones, it also continuously refines them. Thanks to this, now Qin Yu’s body can rival holy weapons.

Without using the flying sword, middle Nebula-stage Qin Yu already surpasses Qin De in flying speed. Once he rides the flying sword, he will be even faster. And if he uses the Body-Weapon Unification technique, going several tenfold faster than Qin De will be nothing unusual.

The flying speed of a Xiuzhenist partially reflects his power as well. Because Qin Yu is so fast, Qin De and Fengyuzi also believe in his power.

“Father, if you say anymore, I’ll be ashamed to death. Oh my, he can even beat late Jindan experts while I’m just a late Xiantian practitioner. Luckily I’m still his big brother.” Despite saying so, Qin Feng is actually very happy.

Xu Yuan on one side says: “All right, all you of stop being modest please. Qin Feng, if you feel ashamed to death despite having reached the late Xiantian level at such a young age, then I, a geezer who hasn’t even reached the Xiantian level, should go home and grieve for myself.”

Hearing Xu Yuan say this, all of the people present cannot help laughing out loud.

Xu Yuan does not have much talent for martial arts indeed. After so many years, he has yet to reach the Xiantian level.

“Alright, continue with your story, Yu’er. What happened to you afterwards in the Wilderness?” Qin De asks smilingly. The others also look at Qin Yu. All of them are very curious about the mysterious Wilderness. Even though Qin Yu only went 100,000 li into the Wilderness and did not reach its depths, no Shangxian have dared to do the same thing before.

Qin Yu drinks a cup of wine to loosen up his tongue then says enthusiastically: “Xiao Hei and I then had to undergo the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. In fact Xiao Hei’s heavenly tribulation was pretty dangerous, mostly because there were around 1000 Blue Flame wolves in a nearby mountain forest. None of them had reached the Jindan stage but the strongest among them were all at the late Xiantian level. Plus, there were too many of them. Nearly 1000 Blue Flame Wolves unexpectedly attacked us together when Xiao Hei’s tribulation came down.”

The other people all stop eating or drinking.

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei were ganged up on by nearly 1000 Xiantian level demonic beasts. Moreover, they also know that at that time he had not overcome his tribulation yet and was only a peak Xiantian expert. Even though he is alive and well now, in their minds they are still worried about his situation then.

“Big brother, don’t tell them that I have hereditary memories.” Xiao Hei’s voice suddenly rises in Qin Yu’s mind. Qin Yu gives a smile and says via his holy sense: “Don’t worry. I won’t reveal your secret to anyone.”

He continues to talk about what happened back then: “Luckily, I had the Flaming Sword and Flaming Gloves so I went all out. After going through the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, Xiao Hei became much more powerful and killed quite a few Blue Flame wolves in one breath. Only then did those wolves leave.”

Qin De and the others can now let out a sigh of relief. But they know that even though Qin Yu’s description sounds simple, the situation at that time must have been extremely grave. After all, it was nearly 1000 Blue Flame wolves so he must have been beset on all sides by wolves from the beginning.

......

After a long time, Qin Yu finally finishes talking briefly about his adventure in the Wilderness this time. Of course, he did not mention that his master Lei Wei came from a different universe, nor did he mention some secret techniques such as the Stellar Transformations.

“Divine beast Dragon Rocky lion! Divine beast Hong Luan!” Fengyuzi takes a cold breath.

Hearing the last part of Qin Yu’s story, the other people can even feel how fearsome these 2 huge divine beasts are through his words alone. Divine beasts are called divine beasts only because of their formidable innate skills. When they have just been born, they are also very weak.

However, to Fengyuzi and the others, Yuanying stage divine beasts are absolutely invincible beings.

“Oh my, they are at least at the Yuanying stage. Moreover, one was a Dragon Rocky lion, which has exceptionally strong defense, and the other was a Hong Luan, which is similar to the phoenix. Even though these 2 divine beasts are at the Yuanying stage, they can definitely rival Dongxu Xiuzhenists.” As a Xiuzhenist, Fengyuzi also knows about some demonic beasts.

Qin De and the others are speechless.

Dongxu stage Xiuzhenists?

This has gone beyond their imagination. To reach the Dongxu stage from the Yuanying stage, a practitioner has to go through the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. There is a huge gap in power between these 2 stages, but a mere early Yuanying Xiang Yang is already invincible in the eyes of Qin De and Fengyuzi.

Compared to Dongxu stage Xiuzhenists, Qin De and Fengyuzi are just like babies in front of giants.

“Fortunately, fortunately,” Qin De retrospectively fears for his son.

Qin Yu says powerlessly: “There was nothing I could do. They were too powerful. Luckily, in the end the Hong Luan appeared and fought the Dragon Rocky lion. Otherwise, perhaps Xiao Hei and I would’ve been eaten by that Dragon Rocky lion. It was ... too powerful.”

Remembering the situation at that time, Qin Yu still feels an uncomfortable feeling surging inside him.

“They’re not only powerful. At any given level of power, a Dragon Rocky lion is even a bit stronger than a dragon in defense. Without a high-grade holy flying sword, not even a Dongxu Xiuzhenist can break that Yuanying Dragon Rocky lion’s defense. And a Yuanying Xiuzhenist, even with a high-grade flying sword, won’t be able to scratch it. As for the Hong Luan, ordinary flying swords will be melted directly by its body-protecting flames even before getting close to it.” Fengyuzi says in an obviously excited manner.

All of them then fall silent for a while.

To people who are still struggling in the Jindan stage like Fengyuzi, these kinds of divine beasts are things they can only look up to.

“All right, these divine beasts won’t leave the Wilderness so we don’t have to worry.” Seeing the other people’s expressions, Fengyuzi says comfortingly. But he then says smilingly with a shake of his head: “No wonder, with so many demonic beasts, no wonder among the Xiuzhenists from the Overseas Immortal Islands, no one has dared to go deep into the Wilderness. They have only dared to skirt around it.”

When there are already 2 Yuanying divine beasts in an area that is not deep in the Wilderness, what kinds of beasts are there in its depths?

“Go to the depths of the Wilderness? Perhaps not even Dacheng experts dare to do so.” Qin Yu thinks to himself. Thanks to some books and notes left behind by Lei Wei, he knows about the horrors in the depths of the Wilderness. In the past, even Lei Wei, whose power was equivalent to the Dacheng stage, did not dare to advance after getting close to its deepest parts.

......

After discussing Qin Yu’s journey in the Wilderness, the people present begin to talk about the course of the war. After a long, long time, when everyone has eaten and drunk a lot, a hint of light suddenly appears in the sky. It turns out dawn has broken.

But this banquet, which has been going on for a half night, is not finished yet.

“This time why did you give us the order to only defend the cities without attacking, father? By now we have taken 11 counties. Once we attack together from 3 sides, it will be as easy as waving a hand to take down Ba Chu County.” Only now does Qin Feng remember what he came here for.

As soon as Qin De hears this, he forces a smile.

Xu Yuan says: “Qin Feng, you still don’t know that Xiang Yang of the Xiang clan came here yesterday in the daytime.”

“Xiang Yang!”

“Xiang Yang!”

Qin Yu and Qin Feng exclaim almost at the same time. Qin Yu then continues: “Isn’t it the Xiang Yang who was the real 1st emperor and created the Chu dynasty?” Qin Feng also looks at Xu Yuan and Qin De, his heart filled with amazement.

“Yes, it’s him.” Qin De says with a nod. “Plus, he has reached the early Yuanying stage.”

Qin Yu’s face slightly changes color, but his mind starts to think.

Xiang Yang has reached the early phase of the Yuanying stage but when he was still at the early Nebula stage he was able to kill a late Jindan Black Wind leopard, and now that he has taken one step into the middle Nebula stage, in theory he should be able to give Xiang Yang a good fight.

However, the difference between the late Jindan stage and the early Yuanying stage does not lie only in raw power, but also in the levels of understanding of the Way of Heaven. It is difficult to make up for the gap in the latter so for the moment Qin Yu also feels uncertain of victory.

“If Xiao Hei and I join forces and use our respective special skills, perhaps we’ll be able to succeed.” He calculates in his mind.

Qin De continues to say: “Xiang Yang was very insolent. He even absurdly attempted to force us back to the 3 Eastern region counties.” A cold smile appears on his face. “Humph, he’s just one Xiuzhenist but he wants to make me give in through the use of brute force. How is this possible?”

Qin Feng stands up, saying: “What’s there to fear? When our armies charge from 3 sides, what will be the use of his individual power?”

Qin De says with a deep sigh: “That’s true. He won’t be able to do anything to our large armies. But ... he can exterminate the Qin clan.” Hearing this, Qin Feng is speechless. If an early Yuanying expert like him gets angry, it will not be difficult for him to get rid of the entire Qin clan.

“Therefore ... I had no choice but to compromise. I could only use the armies to threaten him that if he kills a Qin clan member, I’m going to destroy the Xiang clan even if we’re exterminated in the process. Only by doing so was I able to deter this old geezer.” Qin De says with a sigh.

Now Qin Feng finally understands his father’s distress.

“In the past he could wipe out the Qin clan, but now he can’t.” Qin Yu says in an ice-cold voice.

Qin De, Fengyuzi, Qin Feng and Xu Yuan all look at him. They find it somewhat hard to believe that Qin Yu just said those lordly words. However, the fierce air about him at the moment and the coldness in his eyes express his resolution clearly.

“Xiao Yu, you’re no match for him!” Fengyuzi coldly criticizes. “Even though you can kill late Jindan experts, the difference between them and early Yuanying experts is too great. This difference can’t be made up with raw power. He has practiced for nearly 1000 years while you’ve practiced for less than 20 years. How can your level of understanding compare with his?”

Qin Yu knows what Fengyuzi means, but he says nothing.

He does not know what his level is, but he knows one thing, that is, his soul is slowly nourished by the energy of the Meteoric Tear anytime, which means his level seems to always improve.

Even though the progress is slow, it never ceases.

“Yu’er, don’t worry. We can endure. When you weren’t here, I didn’t know what to do. But after you returned, I’ve come up with a solution. First, you have to refrain yourself. You’ve reached your current level in just 20 years. Given your speed in practice, you should practice for 10 or 20 more years. It won’t be late to get into action when you’re totally certain of winning.” Qin De knows that with his 3rd son’s temperament, once he has made up his mind, there is basically no way to persuade him other than this one.

Qin Yu nods but says no more. He does not want to make his father worry.

“Xiao Hei, if we join forces, do you think we’ll have a good chance of beating an early Yuanying Xiuzhenist?” He uses holy sense communication.

“We didn’t die even when encountering such a divine beast as that Dragon Rocky lion. Big brother, I never thought you’d be frightened by an early Yuanying Xiuzhenist.” Xiao Hei’s voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind. Hearing this, Qin Yu cannot help giving a faint smile.

Of course, he has made his decision as well.

End of b4c19.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 20
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C20: Disappear

After Qin Yu returned, Qin De has sent this news to Qin Zheng in the town of Wuxue. All the members of the Qin clan in the town of Xiyang have also gathered together, creating a very warm atmosphere.

However, at the moment in Eternal House of the Imperial Palace in Ba Chu County,

“Transmit this order. 200,000 armored cavalry troops of the Xiang clan are to come out and to either rout, or kill, or capture any Qin clan troops wandering outside the cities. Don’t worry about anything.” Xiang Yang’s voice comes out from behind the beaded curtain.

Mister Lan however says doubtfully: “Master, you want us to bring out the trump card army and attack the Qin clan troops with it?”

“Yes.” Xiang Yang says indifferently.

Mister Lan immediately bows and says: “Master, but the Qin clan armies are surrounding our Ba Chu County on 3 sides. At the moment we don’t have enough men for defense, why do we still dispatch the all-important 200,000 armored cavalry troops? This ...”

“Xuemou, how long have you been following me?” Xiang Yang asks in reply.

Lan Xuemou says respectfully: “Master, I’ve been following you for nearly 100 years.”

“For nearly 100 years I’ve thought that you’re the brightest among several disciples. But now it looks like ... You’ve really disappointed me.” Xiang Yang says with a sigh. Hearing the sigh behind the beaded curtain, Lan Xuemou is immediately struck by a thought.

Suddenly, he remembers one thing -- his master’s might.

“Could it be you have reached some agreement with Qin De, Master?” Lan Xuemou enquires carefully.

Xiang Yang laughs out loud cheerfully: “Looks like you’re still not too stupid. Qin De has already made an agreement with me. As long as I don’t personally get into action, his armies on 3 sides won’t be allowed to attack. We’re going to keep things status quo.”

Lan Xuemou becomes doubtful: “Status quo? So this means we’ll keep getting stuck in this deadlock?”

“Of course not!” Xiang Yang’s voice becomes fierce. “No matter what happens, this is the country that my father and I founded through battles. For the last nearly 1000 years, I’ve been watching this country of the Xiang clan. No one can take it from my hands.”

Lan Xuemou says again: “Then do you have any way to handle the current situation, Master?”

Xiang Yang calms himself down then says with an indifferent smile: “Now I only need some time, some transitional time. I’ve ordered your 4th martial younger brother to take several tens gifted descendants of the Xiang royal clan to a secret place.”

Lan Xuemou frowns. Now that the Xiang clan’s lineage has been safeguarded, he knows perhaps his master is about to get ruthless.

“Within one year, I’ll force all the leaders of the Qin clan’s armies to surrender by threatening to take their lives. This little trick is child’s play to me. Of course, before the counterattack, I want to boost the morale of the Xiang clan’s army!” Xiang Yang says indifferently.

Lan Xuemou secretly nods as well.

Right, it is morale.

An army’s morale is extremely important. This period of time, the Qin clan armies have taken 3 of the Xiang clan’s 4 counties with almost unstoppable momentum. Due to this, now the morale of the Xiang clan’s troops is nearly exhausted, and so restoring it is the first priority.

“Even though the highest echelons of the Mu clan and the Shangguan clan have yielded to the Qin clan, I don’t think those generals and vice generals are totally loyal to it. As long as I threaten them with deadly force, humph, I believe they’ll easily surrender to the Xiang clan too.”

Xiang Yang’s voice becomes ice-cold: “During this extraordinary period of time, I can only use extraordinary tricks. Since the Qin clan is very strong at the moment, we have to undermine its armies’ fighting spirit and morale first. Then, in addition to me threatening the enemy’s leaders, the Xiang clan’s army will spring into action at the right time, so, there’s no doubt that we’ll win.”

Now Lan Xuemou totally understands.

“So he sends the armored cavalry out to attack the enemy’s wandering troops at this point to increase the Xiang clan’s morale. The Qin clan won’t dare to attack and will only defend. Ha-ha, you’re really brilliant, Master.” Lan Xuemou has understood completely.

The talk with Qin De apparently put Xiang Yang at a disadvantage but he is definitely no ordinary person so almost immediately afterwards he already thought of a series of follow-up plans.

After all, he is virtually the 1st emperor of the Chu dynasty.

Moreover, he has prepared a way out. Even if the 1st wave of attack fails, members of the Xiang clan will have already been brought to a secret place. With its wealth and secret forces and with the existence of Xiang Yang, it will not be difficult for the Xiang clan to rise again.

“Alright, just do as I said, Xuemou. Sending the Xiang clan’s armored cavalry to handle these small matters is like killing a chicken with a battle knife.” Xiang Yang says with an indifferent smile. The armored cavalry is absolutely the finest army of the Xiang clan. All of its troops are qualified ones who have experienced real fighting and bloody battles.

The Xiang clan’s armored cavalry was very famous during the time of the West Chu Conqueror. For so many years it has been maintained from behind the scenes by Xiang Yang so it has never loosened its training in the slightest.

******

In Lei Xue County, following the large-scale attack by the Xiang clan’s armored cavalry, almost all of the Qin clan troops in the cities no longer dare to wander outside because anyone who goes outside will be destroyed at one stroke by the Xiang clan’s armored cavalry. All of the Qin clan’s armies thus withdraw into passive defense in the cities.

In a short time, the Xiang clan’s morale has increased greatly. The Xiang clan’s soldiers often go from city to city to issue challenges to the Qin clan’s troops from outside the cities. The Qin clan’s troops however have no choice but to refuse to fight. Due to this, the Xiang clan’s troops unavoidably become more and more arrogant.

Even though the Qin clan’s troops are angry, none of them dares to disobey strict military orders.

However, there is still a corps that dares to go from city to city, namely the Fierce Tiger Corps. It is made up of only 50,000 Fierce Tiger troops but these troops are the finest in the Qin clan’s army.

In terms of quality, the Fierce Tiger Corps is even a tier better than the Xiang clan’s armored cavalry. Also, the fierce tigers’ offense is far superior to that of the steeds. It is a combination of 2 powerful forces when a Fierce Tiger soldier rides a fierce tiger. Moreover, if the 50,000 fierce tigers of the corps give a roar in unison, they will scare the life out of the armored cavalry’s steeds.

Therefore, not even the 200,000 armored cavalry troops of the Xiang clan dare to attack the 50,000 Fierce Tiger troops.

However, only the 50,000 Fierce Tiger troops dare to go around outside the cities. The other troops of the Qin clan in Lei Xue County can only defend passively according to military orders. None of them knows when this situation will stop.

******

In the town of Xiyang,

“Big brother, 2nd brother, bottoms up.”

The 3 brothers, Qin Yu, Qin Feng and Qin Zheng, are sitting around the stone table under a willow in the courtyard, drinking wine with each other to their hearts’ content. After receiving the news about Qin Yu’s return, Qin Zheng immediately rushed extremely fast from the town of Wuxue to the town of Xiyang in ecstasy.

During this reunion, the 3 brothers talk emotionally about their respective experiences unceasingly.

When they remember how they larked about with each other in the hot spring of Misty Villa in Qin Yu’s childhood, that scene seems to appear before their eyes. However, it has been 10-odd years since then, and each of them has made achievements of his own.

Qin Feng has become a marshal and his army was the 1st to break through the defense of Lei Xue County. He is currently just 28 years old but has reached the late phase of the Xiantian level.

Qin Zheng is the next, dignified head of the Qin clan. Later he will even become the emperor of the new Qin dynasty.

Qin Yu is the youngest. His abilities were obscured in the past, but now he can make other people’s eyes pop out of their heads. Despite being only 20, he has already surpassed such a Shangxian as Fengyuzi. He can even handle Wu De.

Each of the 3 brothers of the Qin clan is really outstanding.

“When we were on the verge of unifying the entire Chu kingdom, who would’ve thought an old geezer who has reached the early Yuanying stage would appear in the Xiang clan?” Qin Feng drinks up the wine in his cup at a gulp then suddenly throws the cup on the ground. Obviously he is very angry.

Qin Zheng says with a sigh: “Father already said that Xiang Yang is exceptionally strong. Even if he and Uncle Feng join forces, they won’t be able to withstand one of Xiang Yang’s strikes.”

Qin Feng looks at Qin Yu, saying: “Xiao Yu, remember, you’re the Qin clan’s only hope. You must remember, we aren’t allowed to lose, the Qin clan isn’t allowed to lose, no matter what. If you lose, the Qin clan will be finished. So you must endure, endure until you’re totally certain of winning to get into action.”

His eyes, which are looking at Qin Yu, are full of expectation.

“Xiao Yu, you have to endure.” Qin Zheng also looks at Qin Yu.

“Big brother, 2nd brother,” Qin Yu has thought about many things in only a short while, but seeing his big brother’s and 2nd brother’s expectation, he can do nothing but nod his head.

......

At night, in Qin De’s room,

“Your Highness, the Xiang clan is running riot, attacking our wandering soldiers everywhere. There are some cities that no long have enough food. Even the Fierce Tiger Corps has had to personally undertake the transport of food. This really is ...” Xu Yuan says with a sigh.

The fact that the Fierce Tiger Corps, their absolute trump card, has had to be put in charge of the transportation of food naturally makes Xu Yuan feel powerless.

Qin De looks outside through the window of the room, frowning deeply.

“Xu Yuan, the current situation is bad for us, extremely bad. Even though it looks like Xiang Yang is afraid our armies and doesn’t dare to do anything. But ... who’s Xiang Yang? How was the Chu dynasty founded? And how did it become the strongest of the 3 big dynasties?” Qin De says in a depressed manner.

Following the death of the West Chu Conqueror, the Xiang clan became everyone’s target. In that situation, Xiang Yang was still able to lead the Xiang clan to establish the Chu dynasty and, moreover, turn it into the most powerful of the 3 big dynasties. Some tricks and stratagems used by him at that time have even been recorded in books to pass down to later generations.

Xiang Yang’s wisdom must not be taken lightly.

Moreover, what old man is not extremely cunning? This genius of the Xiang clan has been living for even 1000 years so he is very ruthless and therefore must be paid a lot of attention to.

“We can’t attack but we basically don’t know what tricks Xiang Yang is going to use either. Moreover ... he’s just too strong. We can’t threaten an early Yuanying expert like him.” Qin De says with a sigh.

Xu Yuan says: “Xiao Yu and that black eagle can even handle late Jindan experts, can’t they? If they join forces, maybe they can beat Xiang Yang.”

Hearing Qin Yu’s name, Qin De says with a smile of satisfaction: “Luckily the Qin clan still has Qin Yu. The son I paid the least attention to and cared the least about has now unexpectedly become the person who can decide the Qin clan’s future.”

“But ... now is definitely not the time for Yu’er to get into action. You’re not a Xiuzhenist so you simply can’t imagine the gap between the 2 stages. To make up for it is extremely hard.” Qin De’s eyes radiate absolute resolution.

“Why? Your Highness, we can’t drag on this situation. The longer we drag it on, the more dangerous to us it becomes. Who knows what tricks Xiang Yang is preparing?” Xu Yuan is rather afraid of Xiang Yang. This nearly 1000 year old geezer is not only good at using tricks but also very powerful, so it is really difficult to deal with him.

Qin De slowly shakes his head, saying: “We’ll wait for 10 years, or 20 years. Given Yu’er’s current progress in practice, he’ll definitely be able to kill Xiang Yang in 10 to 20 years. Only then will I let him get into action. The Qin clan mustn’t lose!”

“10 to 20 years? During this time, many things can happen. 10 to 20 years will be enough for Xiang Yang to turn the tables.” Xu Yuan says hurriedly.

“Turn the tables?” Qin De says grimly. “The situation won’t stay like this for long, but I won’t be so powerless that I’ll let Xiang Yang turn the tables. At least I’ll preserve the armies’ power. The best Xiang Yang can do is to threaten some military leaders. Alright, then I’ll lower the influence of the generals and increase the influence of the Qin clan.”

Qin De after all is an outstanding person so he will not play into Xiang Yang’s hands.

“Your Highness, when the Xiang clan has stabilized to a certain extent, perhaps Xiang Yang will assassinate the Qin clan’s members.” Xu Yuan says worriedly.

“Assassinate?” Qin De says with a cold smile. “He can kill some people, including me. But that’s not important. As long as Xiao Yu is alive, he’ll kill Xiang Yang and the Xiang clan will be done for. Otherwise, with Xiang Yang’s existence, even if we can seize the kingdom, we won’t be able to keep it.”

Xu Yuan lets out a sigh but he has no choice but to accept that this is the only solution.

In Qin Yu’s room,

Qin Yu, who is sitting with legs crossed on a bed, opens his eyes, which seems to be covered in a layer of mist at the moment.

“Father ...” Thanks to his holy sense, Qin Yu is aware of everything that happened just now. His eyes flash. “Don’t worry, father. I won’t disappoint you, no matter what. 10 to 20 years is too long, long enough for many things to happen. I can’t stand the pain of losing you and brothers.”

A faint smile suddenly appears on the corners of his mouth: “Master, perhaps this time I’ll have to use that move of yours.”

......

Qin Yu stays in the town of Xiyang for several days, during which time he is very happy. The 3 brothers meet each other regularly and Qin De often spends time with his 3 sons as well. For so many years, the 4 of them have rarely gathered like this.

In the early morning of a day, when Qin De has just walked out through the door of his room, suddenly --

“Father, father, Xiao Yu has disappeared. This is the jade case he left. I can’t open it.” Qin Zheng runs up to him holding a jade case.

“Disappeared?!” Qin De’s face changes color. He immediately receives the jade case. He knows at a glance that this case is protected by the most basic restrictive spell that only Xiuzhenists can remove. Of course, anyone who is not a Xiuzhenist cannot open it.

Qin De easily opens the jade case. There are a letter and 3 old books in it. The letter has the words ‘Dear Father’ written on it.

Qin De’s heart skips a beat because of a bad feeling. He opens the letter at once.

“Father, when you open this letter, I will probably have reached Ba Chu County. I believe you know my speed. I can only guarantee that, in this battle, Xiang Yang will definitely die no matter what happens.

The Ancestral Dragon Art left by Shi Huang only has the practice method for up until the Jindan stage. The 3 secret books I left are top-class Xiuzhen techniques that describe in detail how to practice from the Jindan stage to even the Dacheng stage. These techniques are different from the Xiuzhen techniques of the Overseas Immortal Islands so you don’t have to worry that other people will come to trouble you. This is all that I can do.

Yours sincerely, Yu’er!”

End of b4c20.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 21
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C21: A full moon night on the River Wu

Qin De’s 2 hands, which are holding the letter, slightly tremble. In an instant, his facial expression changes several times.

“Father, how is Yu’er? What does this letter actually say?” Qin Zheng asks Qin De hurriedly, his face full of urgency. Qin Zheng has been having a bad feeling as well, especially after seeing Qin De’s expression.

Qin De’s facial muscles are slightly twitching. His eyes redden in a moment. Qin De takes a deep breath, trying to suppress the feelings surging inside him. His whole chest takes in fresh air like a pair of bellows. He must refrains himself.

“Yu’er.”

Qin De, having become misty-eyed, passes the letter in his hands to Qin Zheng on one side.

“Yu’er, how am I going to have to treat you?” Qin De turns his face upwards, looking into the sky. His expression is totally unhappy. “I wronged you but you’ve helped me again and again. Last time, to save me you didn’t hesitate to die together with the enemy. Now, you again ...”

He still remembers that sentence in the letter -- ‘I can only guarantee that, in this battle, Xiang Yang will definitely die no matter what happens.’

Qin De knows his 3rd son very well -- Once he promises to do something, he will definitely accomplish it, only that ... in order to achieve his goal, he will disregard even his own life.

This is his son, Qin Yu!

He should take pride in having such a son, should he not? But at the moment Qin De’s heart is in a lot of pain. He knows that his son left for the sake of the Qin clan and that, once this battle is won, the Qin clan will benefit greatly from the victory.

However ... Qin De after all is a father! The urge to be with his son caused by his fatherly feelings is not something that can be suppressed.

“Father, Xiao Yu ... why is he so silly? We can wait, waiting for 10 to 20 years. But ...” Qin Zheng has started to panic, but he can do nothing now. Chasing?

It will take even people like Fengyuzi a day’s worth of time to reach Ba Chu County from here, but Qin Yu only needs 2 to 4 hours to arrive in that county. They simply will not be able to catch up with him because Qin Yu’s speed is really too fast!

“Wait? 10 to 20 years is too long. Many things can happen during this period of time.” Qin De totally understands what his 3rd son was thinking. But, the more he understands his son’s intention, the more pain his heart is in.

“Xiao Yu, 3rd brother!” There is also a mournful expression on Qin Zheng’s face now because he has understood everything as well.

“2nd brother, where’s Xiao Yu? Why both of you are here?” Qin Feng has run up to them too.

Qin De suddenly looks at Qin Zheng, saying: “Zheng’er, this letter and these 3 secret books will be regarded as the Qin clan’s most important treasures. You must protect them. Remember, from now on, you’ll be in charge of every affair of the Qin clan. You’ll represent the entire Qin clan! So, you mustn’t act on impulse.”

Qin De puts the 3 secret books in Qin Zheng’s hands.

Qin Zheng cannot help getting startled. He looks at Qin De, saying doubtfully: “Father, what do you mean?”

“Before leaving this time Yu’er wrote that he would be able to kill Xiang Yang so I believe he’ll succeed. Xiang Yang will definitely die. But ... we all know Yu’er’s temperament. He isn’t afraid of death. Because he’s determined to kill Xiang Yang in this battle, it’s hard to tell if he’ll be able to return.” Qin De says in a very low voice.

On one side, both Qin Feng and Qin Zheng hear what he says. As older brothers, they of course know Qin Yu’s temperament. When they think about this, their faces change color greatly at once.

“Ha-ha ... whatever happens, let me act on impulse too for a while. If I can’t see Yu’er again, I won’t be able to live in peace for the rest of my life. Zheng’er, remember, I’ve given the entire Qin clan to you. Feng’er, remember, you must protect the Qin clan well.” Qin De entrusts the Qin clan to his 1st and 2nd sons.

“I’ve given the entire Qin clan to both of you.” Qin De looks at these 2 sons of his.

Qin Zheng and Qin Feng clench their teeth and their eyes slightly redden, but the 2 brothers still nod resolutely. Seeing his 2 sons’ reactions, Qin De gives a smile, a very relaxed smile.

“Ha-ha ... I, Qin De, have been living for so long, and what I take the most pride in is my 3 good sons.” A flying sword appears under his feet. After taking a look back at his 2 sons, he soars into the sky directly on his flying sword.

“Father!” Qin Zheng and Qin Feng watch Qin De gradually leaving through the sky.

“Yu’er!” Qin De seems to see an illusion of Qin Yu. “I owe you too much. At this moment, how can I keep hiding behind your back, letting you fight to the death in front of me? Even if I have to die, I’ll die beside you.”

Qin De is riding his flying sword. His long hair is flapping wantonly, giving his entire body a wild, carefree air.

He knows that this time he is acting on impulse, but if a person is always too rational, living will be very tiring. Now, the emotions that have been repressed in Qin De’s heart for a long time have burst and he no longer cares about anything.

Since entrusting the Qin clan to his 2 sons, he has been totally at ease. At the moment he is acting impulsively and wildly ... but he is enjoying this kind of feeling.

Standing on the flying sword, Qin De disappears on the western horizon in an instant like a beam of light.

******

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei have already come into Ba Chu County. They are currently just a short distance away from the capital.

“Xiao Hei, this battle will be very dangerous.” Qin Yu says to Xiao Hei on one side via his holy sense.

“Big brother, don’t say those useless words. You and I have never been away from each other for so many years. We even dared to face divine beasts, what’s there to be afraid of? Isn’t he just an early Yuanying Xiuzhenist? Big brother, later don’t say those standoffish words to me.” Xiao Hei looks at Qin Yu with his sharp eyes, which are radiating an indomitable perseverance.

Qin Yu bursts out laughing.

“Ha-ha, Xiao Hei, with a brother who sticks by me through life and death like you, I have no regrets in this life.” Qin Yu feels a coziness surging in his heart.

“That’s good, big brother. But we’re not going to throw our lives away. We should plan carefully how to deal with Xiang Yang, no matter what.” Xiao Hei uses holy sense communication. His intelligence is really not lower than that of any normal human.

Qin Yu nods. His mind starts to consider.

Xiao Hei suddenly says using his holy sense: “Big brother, there’ll be a full moon tomorrow night. In my hereditary memories, there is a special skill that is even much more powerful than my Flaming Lightning if executed in a full moon night. Humph, isn’t it just Xiang Yang? ... This special skill of mine will injure him badly at least.”

Xiao Hei is very proud but he only says that he will injure Xiang Yang badly at least. Qin Yu thus understands that he is also somewhat afraid of an early Yuanying Xiang Yang.

“Good, but ... should we go check out Xiang Yang’s power a bit right now?” Qin Yu gives a faint smile.

Xiao Hei immediately utters an eagle cry.

A person can always win only if he knows his situation and that of his enemy. Qin Yu’s and Xiao Hei’s speeds are even faster than that of a Yuanying stage Golden Flame eagle. In general, a human when flying on a sword is slower than a bird of the same power level which excels at flying. Qin Yu and Xiao Hei, therefore, believe that Xiang Yang’s speed is inferior to theirs.

They turn into 2 blurs and fly into the airspace of the Imperial Palace in Ba Chu County in just a short while.

Both of them, a man and an eagle, stand side by side in midair. Qin Yu is being engulfed in his indistinct light silvery stellar energy. His entire body is a blur through the stellar energy, which looks like a thick fog. Xiao Hei spreads his huge wings. Various electric sparks begin to cover them.

Their powerful auras sweep across the whole Imperial Palace like a storm.

“Xiang Yang, quickly come out.”

Qin Yu says in a clear voice. Transmitted by the stellar energy, his voice is like ripples, spreading out downwards from him. It resounds through the entire capital and at the same time causes the air right above the capital to vibrate continuously.

In a short while, the people in the whole capital are astonished. All of them look into the sky. Those who are slightly powerful can see an indistinct silhouette and a black eagle as well in the sky.

“Xiang Yang, quickly come out!”

Qin Yu’s voice resounds nonstop through the air and pierces the walls so all of the people in the Imperial Palace, including the Xiang clan’s members, can hear it.

At the same time, a sharp eagle cry resounds through the sky.

Seemingly wanting to compete with Qin Yu, Xiao Hei cries very loudly. His cry resounds continuously and resonates with Qin Yu’s voice. The people in the entire capital all freeze with shock because of these sounds.

......

“Standing in midair, oh my, it’s a Shangxian, Shangxian!!!” After looking into the sky and seeing Qin Yu’s indistinct silhouette, an internal expert on a street of the capital cannot help getting horrified. “That Shangxian mentioned Xiang Yang. Ah, Xiang Yang, could he be the 1st emperor of our Chu dynasty? Are they 2 peope with the same name or are they the same person?”

The people in the capital are discussing with each other. All of them have great reverence for that man in the sky.

Only Shangxian can stand in midair. And Shangxian, of course, are not the same as mortals.

......

In Wu De’s place of residence, hearing that loud and clear voice, Wu De immediately throws open the door of his room and walks out. As he looks into the sky and sees that vague silhouette, his heart is filled with shock.

“Xiang Yang, this man has unexpectedly issued a challenge to Xiang Yang. It looks like he’s extremely strong as well.” He quickly rejects the idea of fighting that vague silhouette because an expert who dares to fight early Yuanying stage Xiang Yang is basically not someone he can compare with.

......

Bang!

In Xiang Guang’s resting place, Xiang Guang suddenly pushes open his room’s door and rushes out. Dressed in only a yellow pair of pyjamas, he stands outside his house and looks up at the indistinct silhouette in the sky. He is scared stiff all over instantly.

“Shangxian, does this Shangxian want to fight Great Ancestor?”

Xiang Guang starts to panic at once. At the moment, the Great Ancestor is the only thing that the Xiang clan can rely on. If Xiang Yang is killed by this Shangxian, who has appeared all of a sudden, that will be terrible.

Suddenly --

“Who are you, petty thief? You even dared to shout in the sky above the Imperial Palace.”

Similarly, a powerful voice comes out from Eternal House. It is not less resonant than Qin Yu’s voice and is even somewhat superior to his. As the voice resounds, a black-robed silhouette soars directly into the sky from Eternal House.

With his black robe fluttering and his long black hair flowing freely, Xiang Yang focuses his extremely sharp and ice-cold eyes on Qin Yu and Xiao Hei. At the moment his aura is frenzied like a storm. It sweeps across the sky, coming at them.

In an instant, all of the people in the capital, the Xiang clan’s members in the Imperial Palace and even Shangxian Wu De look up into the sky.

Because of the indistinct stellar energy which is wafting around Qin Yu’s body like mist, that aura cannot touch him at all. As for Xiao Hei, flashes of lightning are flickering and flames are blazing on his body. His fierce aura is rising nonstop.

“A man and an eagle who haven’t even reached the Yuanying stage like you dare to mess with me? Why don’t you ask yourself if you’re qualified to do this?” Xiang Yang says coldly. His heart is filled with anger. Just now Qin Yu shouting ‘Xiang Yang, quickly come out!’ has made he feel like he has been ordered around at will.

Qin Yu looks at Xiang Yang in front of him. His holy sense is expanded to the utmost.

His holy sense is very strong. The Meteoric Tear is not very useful for improving his raw power and can only heal his injuries but it has been nourishing his soul nonstop with its warm streams, resulting in Qin Yu’s very powerful and tough holy sense.

“Early Yuanying stage, Xiang Yang, you’re pretty good, too bad ... you must’ve been practicing all by yourself, right?” Qin Yu says indifferently.

“I’ve been practicing hard for nearly 1000 years. I broke through the Jindan stage to reach the Yuanying stage all by myself, using my own enlightenment. This is the reason the Xiang clan’s technique now also has the method for reaching the Yuanying stage.” Xiang Yang however says very haughtily.

The Xiang clan has an heirloom technique as well, which is similar to the Qin clan’s Ancestral Dragon Art. In the past Xiang Yu created the method for reaching the Jindan stage and now Xiang Yang has created the method for reaching the Yuanying stage.

However, Qin Yu bursts out laughing.

“Xiang Yang, your talent is not bad. Pity ... you’ve learned only from your experience. I ask you, how many flying sword techniques do you know? How many restrictive spells do you know? And do you know the secret, mysterious art of forging?” Qin Yu says with a cold laugh.

Xiang Yang’s face slightly changes color.

A person who practices alone has limited energy. It is already exceptional that he was able to reach the Yuanying stage. Those so-called flying sword techniques, secret restrictive spells and forging secrets were only able to come into existence thanks to the efforts of countless genius disciples of some Xiuzhen schools for nobody knows how many tens of thousands of years.

So, how can Xiang Yang possibly create them by himself?

Qin Yu suddenly makes a movement with his body, turning into a blur. He comes up to Xiang Yang’s face in an instant and forms a finger sword with the forefinger and middle finger of a hand. Several indistinct beams of stellar energy are shot out from the finger sword. Concurrently with that, he clenches a fist with the other hand and throws a punch at Xiang Yang.

“Humph!”

Xiang Yang utters a cold humph. His overwhelming elemental energy forms a seemingly real suit of armor around him. When the sword beams of stellar energy hit the suit of armor, it shakes for a while.

Bang!

Qin Yu’s fist smashes into Xiang Yang’s body. That suit of armor shakes violently again, but it is not damaged in the slightest. With a movement of his body, Qin Yu returns to his original position.

“So that’s all you’ve got?” Xiang Yang says disdainfully in a cold voice. However, he is secretly amazed by Qin Yu’s speed. Qin Yu gives a laugh. Just now he did not even use the Flaming Gloves and only relied on his fist’s own offensive power. Now he has gained some understanding of Xiang Yang’s power.

“Xiang Yang, your father, the West Chu Conqueror, died on the River Wu, right?” He suddenly says.

Xiang Yang’s eyes flash with coldness. What he hates the most is other people mentioning his father’s death. In his heart, his father Xiang Yu was an invincible conqueror. However, his father was ganged up on by the Qin clan’s Shangxian and was killed on the River Wu.

“Tomorrow, in a full moon night on the River Wu, I and my brother here will be respectfully awaiting your arrival. But if you don’t dare to come, then let’s forget about it ... Ha-ha ...”

Qin Yu laughs out loud then steps on his flying sword. In an instant, his entire body disappears from Xiang Yang’s vision like a bolt of lightning or a meteor. Xiao Hei also slightly shakes his wings. Using the Passing Lightning Flashing Nine Times technique, he disappears in a short while.

Xiang Yang’s face changes color. He is frightened again by the speeds of this mysterious man and this mysterious eagle.

“Tomorrow, in a full moon night on the River Wu ... Xiang Yang, let’s see if you’ll dare to come ...” That loud and clear voice comes again from the horizon and continuously resounds through the air. The look in Xiang Yang’s eyes becomes even more ice-cold.

End of b4c21.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 22
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C22: The death of Wu De

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei fly side by side through the air.

“The River Wu, 2000 km long and sinuous, is the largest river of Ba Chu County. It runs through several tens cities of the county. The place where the West Chu Conqueror died in battle is not far from the capital either.” Qin Yu tells Xiao Hei using holy sense communication.

“Big brother, the River Wu is so long but you only told Xiang Yang to fight it out on this river, who can know where you mean to fight him? You haven’t told Xiang Yang the exact location of the battle.” Xiao Hei says doubtfully. He was also doubtful just now, but because both Xiang Yang and Qin Yu are not careless people, he guessed that both of them must have understood each other and therefore did not ask. Only now does he ask Qin Yu.

Qin Yu gives a smile: “Do you still remember what I said just now?”

After Xiao Hei recalls what Qin Yu said just now and thinks about it for a while, he also understands: “Ha-ha, big brother, you’re really cunning. No wonder when Xiang Yang heard your words his face immediately changed color.” Xiao Hei is very intelligent too so he only needed to ponder a little to understand.

While talking to Xiang Yang, Qin Yu suddenly asked: “Xiang Yang, your father, the West Chu Conqueror, died on the River Wu, right?” Then he challenged Xiang Yang to a fight. Xiang Yang is no ordinary person so he understood at once that the fight was going to take place at the location of the West Chu Conqueror’s death.

Qin Yu’s meaning was very clear, that is, your old man, the West Chu Conqueror, died at this place and this time you are going to be killed by me at this place as well.

“Humph, 1000 years ago my Qin clan’s Shangxian killed a Jindan stage Xiang Yu on the River Wu. Now both of us are going to kill the even more formidable Xiang Yang at the same place.” Qin Yu says laughingly.

Xiao Hei says with a cold laugh using his holy sense: “Since we’re going to let them die at the same place, Xiang Yang should be satisfied with this.”

Except for Qin Yu, Xiao Hei is unwilling to interact with humans. He is somewhat friendly to the Qin clan’s members mostly because of their relationships with Qin Yu. And he simply does not care about the other people. As for the Xiang clan’s members, because there is a feud between them and Qin Yu, he is also extremely hostile to them.

“Xiao Hei, tonight I’ll still have to handle a business. Can you guess what it is going to be?” Qin Yu says laughingly.

“There’s still another business?” Xiao Hei considers for a while. “Big brother, according to what you told your family, in theory there should be no other problems. Oh, I know already.” Xiao Hei’s sharp eyes glitter. “It’s Wu De, right?”

Qin Yu says using his holy sense: “You’re smart. There must be no mistakes during the fight between us and Xiang Yang on the River Wu in tomorrow’s full moon night. This fight is not only going to decide our fate, but also the fate of the Qin clan. Therefore ... if a late Jindan expert like Wu De lives, I won’t be able to fight unworried.”

Qin Yu’s intention is very clear.

If Wu De uses a sneak attack at a crucial moment in Qin Yu and Xiao Hei’s battle against Xiang Yang, perhaps the situation of the battle will change. This is one possibility. Another possibility is, if they perish together with Xiang Yang, leaving Wu De, who holds a grudge against the Qin clan, alive, he will become a serious menace to the Qin clan.

No matter what happens, Wu De must die first.

“Good, Wu De, his martial younger brother almost killed you, just let me burn this bastard up directly.” Xiao Hei says with hatred.

“Xiao Hei, you don’t have to get into action. I’m going to be the one who’s going to send both him and his martial younger brother off to Hell.” Qin Yu’s eyes radiate a hint of coldness. He already killed Wu Xing so there is an irreconcilable blood feud between him and Wu De. Even though Qin Yu treats other people sincerely, he has absolutely no mercy for enemies.

Xiao Hei says in agreement: “All right, then let me see your abilities, big brother.”

“Tonight, Wu De is going to get killed in the capital. Xiao Hei, let’s find a place to rest and wait until tonight before getting into action.” They immediately dive down. Both of them, one man and one eagle, then casually choose a mountain peak and rest quietly on it.

The capital was the Chu dynasty’s center in the past. Because it was well lit at night by the lamplight of tens of thousands of families, it was called the Nightless City. The capital was lively and extremely flourishing and bustling, but since the Qin clan went to war, its luxurious and corrupted atmosphere has grown weaker and weaker.

However, after that Shangxian issued a challenge to battle in broad daylight that resounded through the capital, tonight the capital is even under martial law. Due to this, nobody dares to roam the streets late at night.

In a quiet courtyard house, there are a stone table and nothing but 2 stone stools beside it. In the past Wu De and Wu Xing often sat on these stone stools but now Wu Xing is already dead so one of the stools is no longer used.

On the jade bed in the house, there is a tea table in the center of the jade bed. Wu De is sitting with eyes closed and legs crossed on the left hand side of the tea table, his long hair hanging about his shoulders.

“Alas ...” Wu De opens his eyes, looking at the right side of the jade bed. The tea table divides the jade bed into two and in the past he and Wu Xing would sit on either side, practicing calmly. They lived together for nearly 1000 years but now Wu Xing is already dead so Wu De cannot help feeling somewhat unaccustomed to this.

“Don’t worry, martial younger brother. Xiang Yang will cause trouble to the Qin clan very quickly. When the time comes I’ll definitely exterminate that clan to avenge your death.” Wu De’s eyes flash with coldness. He has never forgotten that he has to seek revenge for his martial younger brother’s death.

Suddenly the door of his room automatically opens. Cold winds of the late night rush into the room, causing Wu De’s long hair to flutter. He however narrows his eyes. His entire body’s aura starts to become fierce.

“Who?” When Wu De has just finished saying, his face suddenly changes color.

Bang!

Wu De’s jade bed is put against a stone wall of the room. That wall unexpectedly shatters as if blown up, shooting stone fragments in all directions. A fist strikes out directly from the middle of the stone fragments like a glittering iron sledgehammer.

Wu De turns into a blur and moves forwards, but that fist is even faster than he is!

Bang!

That fist smashes directly on Wu De’s back. A dazzling light immediately brightens on his back. At the same time, his entire body unexpectedly accelerates again and flies out of the room like a bow-leaving arrow. However, a silhouette has appeared in the room.

Wu De is standing outside the room staring inside. At the moment, blood is trickling down from a corner of his mouth.

“Who? Come out!” He shouts coldly.

However, trickles of cold sweat continuously appear on his forehead. Just now he was able to feel how fast the opponent was. Even though he detected his killing intent in advance, he was still hit in the back with a punch. The power of the opponent’s punch unexpectedly penetrated his body-protecting elemental energy and injured him directly.

Expert!

The elemental energy in Wu De’s body has been activated completely. He focuses his entire eyes on the silhouette inside the room.

When that silhouette comes out of the room, Wu De’s face suddenly changes color greatly.

“It’s you!” His eyes are filled with disbelief. “How is this possible? Didn’t you die already? I saw you die with my own eyes. Didn’t you perish together with my martial younger brother? How can you still be alive? This’s impossible, absolutely impossible.”

The person in front of him is unexpectedly ‘Mister Liu Xing,’ who is also Qin Yu.

“Why impossible? Aren’t I living very well in front of you, Mister Wu De?” Qin Yu says with a smile.

Wu De’s face changes color several times then he becomes frighteningly sullen. Staring at Qin Yu, he says: “Qin Yu, it doesn’t matter how you was able to survive, but ... do you really think you can handle me with your power? I remember last time you hadn’t even undergone the tribulation so now you’re at the early Jindan stage at most. You’re no match for me.”

Wu De’s tone is very certain. Perhaps he wants to convince himself.

Judging from the single punch a moment ago, he has already noticed that his opponent is formidable.

“Wu De, your life ... has 5 seconds left.” Qin Yu does not say much. Afterwards he stretches smilingly, creating a series of clack noises from his whole body. At the same time he mumbles: “5, 4, 3 ...”

He counts while stretching gently.

“In your dreams.” Wu De says disdainfully in an ice-cold voice. He does not believe Qin Yu at all but his heart has become totally anxious. He channels the entire elemental energy inside him outside. At the same time, his flying sword flies to the top of his head, floating while preparing to attack at any moment.

A faint smile appears on the corners of Qin Yu’s mouth: “1.”

As Qin Yu finishes saying, his entire body is engulfed by the indistinct stellar energy. Concurrently with this, his body charges at Wu De like a beam of light. The distance between them is only 10-odd meters so Qin Yu comes up to Wu De’s face in the blink of an eye.

Wu De suddenly opens his eyes. According to his thought, his flying sword shoots directly at Qin Yu.

Bang!

Qin Yu suddenly throws a punch. The Flaming Gloves, which is covered in a moving dark golden light, boldly smash into the flying sword. In seemingly a moment, that flying sword is shattered, turning into various fragments. Having destroyed the sword, Qin Yu seems not to stop.

Pu!

After his flying sword is shattered, Wu De cannot help spitting out a mouthful of blood. However, Qin Yu, charged with killing intent, has already attacked using 2 hands.

Stellar Field!

He turns into a good few versions of himself, surrounding Wu De completely. At the same time, all Qin Yu’s attack Wu De using a different kind of attack each such as finger sword, claw strike, punch and knife hand strike ... In almost an instant, the claw, punch, palm, finger sword, spear hand hit Wu De’s body.

The face of Wu De, whose elemental energy has surged out of his body, suddenly hardens. His elemental energy has also weakened.

“0!”

Qin Yu says with an indifferent smile after his copies have become one with him. He then steps into the air directly. At the same time, a bang is heard. The motionless body of Wu De has exploded as if self-destructing. His blood splatters all over the sky.

Qin Yu, with his back facing Wu De’s exploded corpse, casually executed an easy move towards his back with his right hand. A stream of the indistinct stellar energy that looks like a blue ribbon flies out, quickly wraps around a jindan and brings it back to him.

“Big brother, this is really so simple since you used the stellar field from the get-go.” Xiao Hei says to Qin Yu while flying in the sky.

Qin Yu says smilingly with a shake of his head: “It was not simple. I let him lived 4 more seconds.”

Just now Qin Yu said 5 seconds but he only needed 1 second to start and finish his attack. Even though his movements sound slow when expressed in words, he was extremely fast. Activating the stellar field, shattering the flying sword and killing Wu De took him just 1 second altogether.

“This Wu De is even weaker than Black Wind leopards.” Xiao Hei says disdainfully.

Qin Yu says with a smile: “No, their power levels are about the same, only that when I killed that Black Wind leopard I was only at the early Nebula stage. Now I’ve already reached the middle Nebula stage so naturally my offense has improved by several times and killing an expert of this level has become much easier.”

“All right, Xiao Hei, now we can meditate with no worries. Tomorrow’s full moon night we’re going to go to the River Wu to fight that Xiang Yang.” At the moment Qin Yu’s mind is very calm.

Having killed Wu De, his only remaining target is Xiang Yang.

******

The morning sun is spreading its warm beams freely. At noon, the whole capital is still as bustling and flourishing as before.

A blue-clad middle-aged man is walking on West Street of the capital. He is none other than Qin De, who was only able to reach the Chu dynasty’s capital from the town of Xiyang after going nonstop for nearly a day. He knows that his identity cannot be revealed so used the Appearance and Bone Changing art to change his appearance.

Qin De enters a teahouse, sits down and casually gives the waiter a chunk of silver: “Waiter, did anything interesting happen yesterday in the capital?”

Seeing the chunk of silver, the waiter’s eyes brighten. He grabs it at once and says politely: “Sir, something did happen yesterday in the capital. A Shangxian stood in midair and shouted directly at a man named Xiang Yang. That Shangxian already left, but at the end of the talk he said one sentence that was heard by the entire capital.”

Qin De feels a surge of relief in his heart. Obviously Qin Yu has not fought Xiang Yang yet.

“What did he say?”

Qin De immediately asks.

“‘Tomorrow, in a full moon night on the River Wu ... Xiang Yang, let’s see if you’ll dare to come ...’ Sir, that Shangxian’s voice was so loud that it resounded through the sky. No one in the capital failed to hear it. Since yesterday, there have been swarms of experts, even Xiantian experts, who hurried to the River Wu. Someone said it was going to be the place where the West Chu Conqueror died.” The waiter says affirmatively.

Qin De gives a faint smile. He secretly agrees in his heart.

On the River Wu?

The River Wu is so long, who knows where the battle is going to take place? But where the West Chu Conqueror died is the most famous place on the River Wu, so, if someone draws a connection between it and this Xiang Yang person, he will be able to guess where it is going to be with good accuracy.

After drinking the tea, Qin De leaves the capital directly, heading for the River Wu.

......

In Eternal House,

The gate of the house automatically opens. Black-robed Xiang Yang goes out of the house. Tonight is the time of the battle. It is still daylight but he has decided to go to the battlefield in advance. He is really not a rash person.

Before the battle he must examine the battlefield once. Otherwise, if the opponents have set up some restrictive spells or formations beforehand that he is unaware of, it will be terrible for him during battle.

“Master, this is bad. Wu De is dead.” Lan Xuemou runs up to him from the distance and immediately says.

Xiang Yang raises his eyebrows. “I know already.” He does not say much and only smiles coldly in his heart: “Humph, you wanted to put some fear in me, right? But ... a late Jindan Wu De was totally expendable to me.”

With his robe fluttering, Xiang Yang soars into the sky, heading for the location of the battle on the River Wu.

End of b4c22.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 23
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C23: The battle on the River Wu

A full moon is hanging high in the sky. The River Wu, several thousand meters wide, is flowing east.

The night is cold, the winds are fast.

Even though the water is flowing very fast, there are no billows on its surface. Looking carefully, one can even see the reflection of the full moon on the river. On both shores of the River Wu there are currently over 10,000 people altogether. Most of them are ordinary people who want to have a good time watching the fight. There are also some internal experts among them.

All of the people present look at that silhouette on the River Wu with awe.

Shangxian!

His black robe fluttering freely, his black hair also flowing, Xiang Yang is standing with his arms folded on his chest. His sharp ice-cold eyes are closed at the moment. Standing in midair this way, Xiang Yang is calmly waiting for the arrival of his opponents, so calm that his face shows absolutely no impatience.

On a shore of the River Wu, a blue-clad Qin De is staring at Xiang Yang, who is standing in midair. His heart cannot help having a hint of impatience.

“This Xiang Yang has come early so his energy is stable and his mind is calm. What kinds of tricks is Yu’er going to use to handle him this time?” Qin De is even somewhat worried in his heart, worried about the battle that is going to starting soon. As for whether Qin Yu will come, he simply has no doubt about that because he knows his son very well.

Qin De has changed his appearance so other people do not recognize him.

“Qin De.”

A voice suddenly rises in Qin De’s mind. Qin De’s face changes color: “Holy sense communication.” Seemingly at the same moment, he sees the person who has communicated with him using the holy sense. He cannot help smiling because it is none other than Fengyuzi.

“Brother Feng, you really made me jump.” Qin De says smilingly using his holy sense.

Fengyuzi has slightly altered his appearance as well. He says to Qin De via his holy sense: “Ha-ha, who let you leave the town of Xiyang directly without telling me anything? Not long after you went, I immediately followed you, but only now do I catch up with you.”

Qin De says smilingly with a shake of his head: “I was worried that Yu’er would rush directly into Ba Chu County and fight Xiang Yang so I went desperately. Now it looks like Yu’er is still a careful person. He has never rushed into battle before.”

Fengyuzi looks around for a while then looks at the bright moon in the sky again, saying doubtfully: “Xiang Yang seems to have come very early. Why hasn’t Xiao Yu shown up yet? It’ll be pretty useful for him to come a bit early to get familiar with the surroundings. Plus, now he shouldn’t have anything else to do, right?”

Not only are Qin De and Fengyuzi somewhat anxious, the other people, who have come to watch the fight, have all become impatient too.

Time slowly goes by. One hour has passed. Then 2 hours has passed ...

Qin Yu and the eagle are still nowhere to be seen. The spectators on both shores of the River Wu have started to discuss noisily. Obviously all of them have become anxious because the other party of the fight has not appeared yet. They also find it hard to keep waiting.

Suddenly --

Xiang Yang opens his eyes. There seems to be 2 almost real beams of light shooting westwards directly from his eyes. At the same time his whole body’s aura suddenly becomes fierce. It surges nonstop like a wave that continuously attacks new heights.

Fierce winds rise, sending sand flying and rocks rolling. Most of the people on the shores retreat quickly. Only the few experts can keep staying on the shores. People like Qin De and Fengyuzi cannot help slightly narrowing their eyes looking into the sky.

“Rumblings ~~~” The water of the River Wu starts to roar, as if there is an aquatic dragon rolling underwater. Waves surge one after another and hit the shores, causing deafening noises. However, Xiang Yang, who is standing in midair above the river, is not affected at all.

When the full moon reaches its highest point, 2 blurs come towards him like floating.

“It’s Yu’er.”

Qin De figures out who they are even faster than Fengyuzi. Even though the waves are rolling and he has to look through the water spray from a shore, he can still see clearly that it is Qin Yu with his fierce aura. He also sees a black eagle that is vibrating his wings.

“Xiao Yu has come. That black eagle is really strong. Just by vibrating his wings he can cause the River Wu to roar.” Fengyuzi is also shocked by Xiao Hei’s power. He simply does not know that before overcoming the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation Xiao Hei could already create fierce winds. Now that he has reached the middle phase of the Jindan stage, he has become much more powerful than in the past.

The people who are watching from afar on both sides of the river immediately become excited. All of them stare at the silhouettes in the sky.

The blurs then stop, turning into a man and an eagle. Xiao Hei pulls back his wings. The River Wu’s monstrous waves all weaken sharply with a loud noise. In just a while, the entire river has become as calm as it was a moment ago and great waves can no longer be seen.

The cold winds of the night are blowing nonstop. The people on both sides of the River Wu all hold their breaths.

“You’ve finally arrived.” A faint cold smile appears on Xiang Yang’s face.

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei face Xiang Yang. Staring at Xiang Yang, Qin Yu says with an indifferent smile: “Xiang Yang, did you become too impatient because of waiting? My brother and I came a bit late to let you live a bit more. Why don’t you thank us for this?”

“Cut the crap.” Xiang Yang says angrily in a cold voice.

At the same time, various blood-red streams of energy start to surge to the outside of his body. Afterwards, they form a light blood-red mist that looks like a cloud of blood and spreads toward Qin Yu and Xiao Hei. In only a short while, the blood-red mist has enveloped them.

“Xiang Yang, this kind of trick is only used by ordinary internal experts. Real Xiuzhenists won’t do this.” The light silvery stellar energy surges to the outside of Qin Yu’s body. It rotates continuously, forming a nebula.

The blood-red mist cannot enter the area covered by the nebula.

“Humph.” Xiang Yang utters a cold humph. He detests this young Xiuzhenist to the utmost. During the exchange yesterday, Qin Yu mocked him for not understanding Xiuzhenists’ formations, restrictive spells, flying sword techniques, and the arts of pill making and weapon forging.

Now Qin Yu is mocking him again for using an outdated trick.

“Xiang Yang, you closed the door to practice on your own so your offensive methods are a bit too flimsy. Even if your individual wisdom is high, it can’t compare with a Xiuzhen school’s collected wisdom of countless years.” Qin Yu says with an indifferent smile.

By using words, he starts to anger Xiang Yang.

In a fight between experts, especially super experts such as Xiang Yang, their states of mind are the most important thing. If their states of mind are negatively affected, they will not be able to unleash their full power and their attacks will naturally be weaker than they should be.

“You killed Wu De, right?” Xiang Yang says while frowning. “I’m very curious to know who you are and why you oppose me.” In fact, at the moment Xiang Yang does not want to make an enemy of a Xiuzhen expert for no reason.

“Me?” Qin Yu raises his eyebrows then slowly says: “My surname is Qin!”

“Qin?” Xiang Yang says solemnly while staring at Qin Yu. “What generation of experts of the Qin clan in the 3 Eastern region counties do you belong to? The Qin clan seems to never have had a super expert of your level. What generation of Qin De’s seniors are you from?”

Qin Yu bursts out laughing.

“Let me tell you my name!” Qin Yu slowly says.

Xiang Yang stares at Qin Yu with brightening eyes, waiting for his answer.

“I am ...” A faint smile appears on the corners of Qin Yu’s mouth. “Qin Yu!”

“Qin Yu!!!”

Xiang Yang’s face suddenly changes color greatly. He is totally shocked. However, after Qin Yu finishes saying, his whole body arrives at Xiang Yang’s face in an instant like rolling thunder. A light silvery fist quickly appears and smashes directly at Xiang Yang’s chest in an audacious manner at the same time.

Bang!

Xiang Yang’s blood-red body-protecting elemental energy quickly appears outside his body and blocks Qin Yu’s punch directly. But Qin Yu’s fist immediately changes. First it turns into a knife hand and attacks then it forms a finger sword and attacks again.

Attack continuously!

Pu! Pu!

Following 2 sounds of collision, the body-protecting elemental energy outside Xiang Yang’s body has been broken by Qin Yu’s right hand. Qin Yu cannot help giving a faint cold smile. He wants to kill Xiang Yang directly in the next strike using the Flaming Sword. If he can succeed, the whole thing will be too simple for him. But he does not mind succeeding in such a simple way at all.

The Flaming Sword!

With a thought, the Flaming Sword appears in his hand. He thrusts it directly at Xiang Yang’s heart at his fastest speed like lightning.

Clang ~~~

A long metallic noise rises. Qin Yu feels his arm go numb. His body cannot help flying backward. He clenches his teeth, twisting his entire body violently. Making use of the strong force of the waist, his right leg slashes at Xiang Yang like a blade of a windmill.

“Scram!”

Xiang Yang makes a wave of his right hand. His right arm collides with Qin Yu’s right leg once. As a result, Qin Yu has to fly away backward and Xiang Yang also has to back off a short distance of several meters.

This exchange of blows sounds slow in description but it was actually quick as a flash. From beginning to end, the ordinary people on both sides of the river only felt that their vision was blurred for a moment before seeing that both experts had slightly retreated some steps. Their speeds were really too fast.

The eyes of the people on both sides of the river pop out of their heads. None of them doubts that just now the 2 experts really exchanged blows. However, even peak Xiantian experts and people like Qin De and Fengyuzi only saw Qin Yu disappear for a moment then saw him and Xiang Yang fly backward after a shock wave.

“Humph, Qin Yu? Don’t even think about fooling me. But ... you’re really cunning and deceitful. Just now you indeed startled me. Too bad ... your power is still a bit too weak.” Xiang Yang says with a cold smile.

But he is frightened retrospectively in his heart. The Xiuzhenist before him is really too cunning. Just now he unexpectedly attacked him the moment he was startled. If it had not been for his secret trump card, perhaps he would have died of his heart being penetrated.

Now, as Qin Yu looks at Xiang Yang, his face slightly changes color.

A dark red suit of armor has appeared on Xiang Yang’s body. This suit of armor protects not only the upper half of his body, but also his thighs, arms and lower legs. Xiang Yang’s entire body is now protected by this suit of armor so Qin Yu cannot help getting startled.

“What do you think about my suit of armor? It’s middle holy class. Over 300 years ago, when I was still traveling the world practicing, I found a holy rock. Then I learned the art of forging from Wu De and made this suit of armor.” Xiang Yang takes a look at the suit of armor on his body. His eyes are filled with satisfaction.

Qin Yu secretly groans.

“I never thought this geezer would have a middle-grade holy-class suit of armor. Well, I was able to find a chunk of In-rock Flaming iron so a 1000 year old genius like him should’ve found at least a good holy rock too.” He understands that he cannot be overconfident because other people are not necessarily less lucky than he is.

Xiao Hei is flapping his wings on one side.

“Big brother, it looks like we’ll still have to join forces.” He says using his holy sense. Hearing this, Qin Yu nods his head. With the appearance of the suit of armor, it has become extremely difficult for him to kill Xiang Yang by himself.

A middle holy weapon in the hands of an early Yuanying expert is no less powerful than his high-grade holy weapons. After all, his own power is still inferior to the enemy’s.

“Xiang Yang, your power is pretty good so my brother and I are going to attack you together.” Qin Yu says with an indifferent smile.

Xiang Yang says disdainfully and coldly: “Brothers? A human and an animal unexpectedly call each other brothers? Looks like you’re an animal too.” Xiang Yang also wants to anger Qin Yu and affect his state of mind, but Qin Yu sees through his trick with ease and is unaffected by it.

However --

A resounding eagle cry rises. Qin Yu is not angry but Xiao Hei has become infuriated.

Pa!

His eagle eyes brighten. 2 flashes of lightning shoot out extremely fast at Xiang Yang’s body from them. Because the distance between Xiao Hei and Xiang Yang is not long and these flashes from his eyes are really terrifyingly fast, Xiang Yang is hit squarely by them.

“How dare you scold my big brother? Die!”

Xiao Hei is so furious that he cries nonstop. Flashes of lightning continuously flicker on his entire wings then shoot out at Xiang Yang’s body. Like the god of thunder, Xiao Hei keeps sending out various flashes of lightning unceasingly.

“Animal!”

Xiang Yang has been angered. He can withstand the flashes but if continuously hit by them his entire body will still go numb. He immediately charges at Xiao Hei. However, Xiao Hei slightly shakes his wings, using the Passing Lightning Flashing Nine Times technique.

He then moves around Xiang Yang nonstop. Because his speed is too fast, Xiang Yang simply has no way to catch up with him. Xiao Hei therefore can keep hitting him using his flashes.

“Screw you! You scolded my big brother. I’ll hit you to death. I’ll hit you to death!” Xiao Hei’s voice rises in Xiang Yang’s mind nonstop through holy sense communication. Xiang Yang cannot help getting extremely furious. He finds this black eagle too disgusting. But a beam of light is shooting violently at him.

Actually, it is not a beam of light, but Qin Yu’s body. After Qin Yu gives a fierce shout, the nebulae outside his body and inside his dantian begin to shake urgently in an instant. At the same time, all of the silvery grains in his dantian start to shine, filling his entire body with a raging power.

The Stellar Field!

Qin Yu is moving like an aquatic dragon. His entire body then suddenly seems to split into 6 clones, which attack Xiang Yang simultaneously.

“Sweeping Away Thousands Of Troops!”

Following a loud shout that resounds through the sky, something which looks like a black aquatic dragon comes out from Xiang Yang’s body. It sweeps across his entire vicinity like a storm, blocking incoming attacks wherever it goes. In almost an instant, Xiao Hei and Qin Yu’s 6 illusions are sent flying backward with a bang.

The 6 illusions created by Qin Yu become one. With a movement of his body, he is able to stand in midair again. Xiao Hei also stops beside him. They both stare at Xiang Yang.

Xiang Yang is now holding in his hands a black spear. He says while looking at Qin Yu and Xiao Hei: “The true offensive method of my Xiang clan’s Conqueror’s Heaven Opposing Art isn’t a flying sword technique, but a close-quarters spear technique. This spear is the peerless divine weapon that my father, the West Chu Conqueror, used to dominate the world -- the Conqueror’s Spear!”

A bloodstain suddenly flashes on the handle of that shiny black spear.

End of b4c23.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4, 24
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C24: One sky-piercing meteor; two high-hanging moons

The Conqueror’s Spear!

Close-quarters spear attacks!

“Really formidable.” With ice-cold eyes, Qin Yu forcefully swallows back a mouthful of blood in his throat. Just now he attempted to execute some close-quarters attacks using the Stellar Field, but Xiang Yang unexpectedly neutralized them right away with a Sweeping Away Thousands Of Troops strike.

A Xiuzhenist who uses close-quarters attacks?

This is truly strange. In general, Xiuzhenists attack using their flying swords, but Xiang Yang practiced pure martial arts and has reached his currently level by himself and thanks to his own experience therefore his way of practice is different from the other Xiuzhen schools and his method of offense is very individualized.

“Big brother, Xiang Yang is even much stronger than we expected. Who would’ve thought he’d be good at close-quarters combat? Not only does he have a suit of armor, he also has a long spear. Thanks to this, both his offense and defense are extremely formidable.” Xiao Hei says using his holy sense.

Qin Yu calmly says through holy sense communication: “Let’s find his weak points. If we can’t succeed, we’re going to have to use the last move in our plan.”

“The last move ... alright!” Xiao Hei’s voice becomes resolute.

Qin Yu stares at Xiang Yang and suddenly says with a cold laugh: “Xiang Yang, at the beginning of the fight, you were able to save your little life thanks to your suit of armor. Just now I executed a fierce strike but you saved your life again with the help of this Conqueror’s Spear. Next time ... I want to see how you’re going to avoid death!”

Qin Yu has struck his killing blows twice but Xiang Yang has negated them all using his secret trump cards.

Xiang Yang says with an unconcerned laugh: “Indeed, the 1st time you were so cunning that I almost got hit. The 2nd time your speed was quite frightening and really made me jump. But ... do you really think I’ll give you one more chance? Qin ... Qin Yu, just now you was most probably hit by my spear. It didn’t taste very good, right? I’ve got a word of advice for you -- don’t try to resist because it’s going to taste even worse later.”

A faint strange smile appears on the corners of Xiang Yang’s mouth.

A moment ago Qin Yu had to endure more than half of the power his Sweeping Away Thousands Of Troops strike so he thinks that Qin Yu’s body has been injured badly.

However, Xiang Yang has miscalculated Qin Yu’s power. Not only does Qin Yu have an extremely strong body, the ordinary-looking sleeveless undershirt he is wearing was forged by Lei Wei. It is no common item of clothing and is very comfortable to wear. Once Qin Yu is attacked, the undershirt will become hard from being soft and absorb more than half of the attack’s power in an instant.

“Oh? Your spear technique is pretty powerful but it’s not a threat to me.” The energy inside Qin Yu’s body starts to surge. When not moving it is as stable as a mountain and when moving it is powerful like rolling thunder. Qin Yu is very confident of his close-quarters offense because he has spent the most time and energy working on his close-quarters combat techniques.

“Pu!”

The air between Qin Yu and Xiang Yang begins to vibrate slightly.

Xiang Yang suddenly opens his eyes violently. His right hand, which is holding the spear, suddenly makes a twist. In an instant, the black head of the Conqueror’s Spear pierces through the air to come at Qin Yu extremely fast while spinning. The head of the spear follows an indistinct path of movements. At the same time, the air within the spinning area of the spear’s head is unexpectedly sucked away completely.

The spear comes at Qin Yu like a twirling black aquatic dragon.

“Hah!”

Qin Yu’s body moves like a breeze. Concurrently with this, he stretches out his right hand, suddenly forms a claw and makes a direct grab at the Conqueror’s Spear. Being protected by the Flaming Gloves, his hands can definitely crash head-on with the spear.

“Humph!”

Xiang Yang utters a cold humph. He slightly exerts the strength of his arm. The Conqueror’s Spear, which is stabbing at Qin Yu, unexpectedly changes its movement into a horizontal sweep in the blink of an eye!

No!

It is not a horizontal sweep. Rather, it is continuous high frequency sweeping attacks!

Qin Yu originally wanted to grab the Conqueror’s Spear using his right hand but the spear fiercely smashes into his palm. At the same time, it sweeps back and forth extremely fast, creating indistinct illusions. In a mere moment, it sweeps at his arm 5 or 6 times.

“The longer it is, the stronger it becomes. I gotta close in!”

Qin Yu ignores the pains in his arms and immediately charges at Xiang Yang again. However, because the spear is too long while he is relying on his arms alone, he simply cannot touch Xiang Yang while Xiang Yang can attack him at will using the long spear.

“Dream on.” Seeing Qin Yu approaching, Xiang Yang gives a cold laugh. At the same time, his body moves like an illusion. The spear in his hands turns into several silhouettes, which begin to come at Qin Yu.

Pa!

A flash of lightning strikes down squarely on Xiang Yang’s body. Xiang Yang cannot help shaking. His attacking movement thefore is slightly deviated as well. Seizing this opportunity, Qin Yu instantly closes in on one side of Xiang Yang. His agile hands quickly execute various kinds of attacks.

Once Qin Yu has approached his target, he will become extremely terrifying!

Using various attacks such as punches, palm strikes and finger strikes, Qin Yu aims for the places on Xiang Yang’s body which are not protected by the suit of armor, especially the throat, the waist and the upper arms, like a gust of wind.

A hint of disdain appears on Xiang Yang’s face.

He brandishes the long spear in his hands. For the moment, Xiang Yang’s entire body is similar to a cannon’s barrel, shooting out countless silhouettes of the spear. He has utilized the Conqueror’s Spear to the utmost, making it sometimes look like an aquatic dragon that is coming out of a cave and sometimes look like an anaconda that is rolling in the air...

In fact, the speed of Xiang Yang’s spear is still slightly slower than Qin Yu’s. However, Xiang Yang only needs to slightly move his hands and the movements of the entire Conqueror’s Spear will change a lot. He can make use of the forces such as inertia, elasticity and so on to perform his attacks.

Pa! Pa! Pa! ......

Xiao Hei is whirling about in the sky, shooting one flash of lightning after another at Xiang Yang’s head extremely fast. These flashes are not very powerful and do not pose a serious threat to Xiang Yang at all but they can negatively affect the agility of his movements.

“Hah!”

Qin Yu’s eyes flash with ruthlessness. He unleashes the entire stellar energy in his body and concentrates it in his right hand. He then throws a punch at Xiang Yang’s chest. When the fist smashes into Xiang Yang’s chest, one of its knuckles suddenly protrudes. By channeling his entire offensive power through the knuckle, Qin Yu explosively sends forth a terrifying penetrating force. He intended to hit Xiang Yang’s throat with this blow but Xiang Yang dodged it very quickly.

“Humph.”

Xiang Yang’s face suddenly turns white. At the same time, he makes a waving movement with the Conqueror’s Spear and flies backwards at a very fast speed.

“You animal!” Using holy sense communication, he scolds Xiao Hei directly and furiously.

Xiang Yang has become angry because this black eagle has been like a spirit that just does not go away and even keeps shooting flashes of lightning at him nonstop. In terms of agility, he simply cannot compare with the black eagle in midair. Just now he should have been able to block Qin Yu’s punch using his spear but his movement somewhat deviated from the correct path because of a flash shot out by the eagle.

Qin Yu’s attack contained his stellar energy and the most powerful penetrating force he was capable of so even though the suit of armor partially neutralized it, after taking the blow, Xiang Yang still finds it hard to breathe and feels a hidden continual pain in his chest. His blood even has surged directly into his mouth.

“Xiao Hei, you did well.” Qin Yu gives Xiao Hei a smile. He then says to Xiang Yang: “Xiang Yang, you’re good at close-quarters combat so you can deal with my main way of offense precisely. Good, let’s see how you’re going to handle the attack of my flying sword!”

Qin Yu has understood.

Since Xiang Yang is skilful at close-quarters combat, what if he uses his flying sword to attack from afar?

A dark golden short sword starts to float above Qin Yu’s head. It is none other than the Flaming Sword. When leaving his body to attack, it becomes a flying sword. And when held in his hands, it is a short sword. With a thought, Qin Yu immediately shoots the Flaming Sword at Xiang Yang like a dark golden beam of light.

Hu!

The Flaming Sword emits a glorious light, astonishing the people who are watching the fight from below.

Bang! Bang! ......

When it comes to using the Conqueror’s Spear, Xiang Yang is absolutely a master among masters. On the Qian Long continent, it is extremely difficult to find someone with a better spear technique than his. Using the long spear, he can unexpectedly engage in combat both at close range and at long range.

However, it is still impossible for the Conqueror’s Spear to keep up with a flying sword in terms of agility no matter what.

Pu!

The flying sword hits Xiang Yang’s suit of armor. The blood-red energy on the suit of armor easily withstands the blow after shaking for a short while. It is not that Qin Yu does not want to attack Xiang Yang’s vital points, only that when Xiang Yang is on the defensive, he focuses his energy on guarding his vital parts such as the throat.

Pa!

Another flash of lightning strikes down on Xiang Yang’s head.

“Good, black eagle, you’re an animal. Qin Yu, you call this animal brother so you’re also an animal. You 2 animals, today I’ll let you know how formidable the Twin Dragons technique of the Conqueror’s Spear.” Xiang Yang has become really furious. With a bending movement of his hand, the Conqueror’s Spear is unexpectedly twisted for a while then splits into two. From a long spear it has become 2 short spears.

Xiang Yang holds a short spear in each of his hands.

“You scolded my big brother again. Screw you. Don’t you remember what I said?”

Hearing Xiang Yang’s words, Xiao Hei becomes furious again. His voice rises in Xiang Yang’s mind directly. At the same time, flashes of lightning keep sparkling on his wings. Qin Yu immediately becomes worried so he tells Xiao Hei using holy sense communication: “Xiao Hei, Xiang Yang’s single spear was already so fast. Now that it has become 2 short spears, he should’ve gotten even much faster. His offense is now definitely formidable so you mustn’t do anything rash.”

Xiao Hei however pays basically no attention to that.

“Big brother, don’t worry about me. I’ll let him know how formidable I am.” Xiao Hei tells Qin Yu directly using his holy sense. “Big brother, just now you were the main attack. Now it’s my turn. You can just attack sneakily from one side using the Flaming Sword.” The flashes on Xiao Hei’s body become even more dazzling.

“Xiang Yang, you bastard. You should be struck by lightning!”

Xiao Hei is furious. With a shake of his wings, various flashes of lightning shoot down upon Xiang Yang’s body in an instant extremely fast like a shower of rain.

“You animal, I’m going to kill you first.” Xiang Yang can no longer put up with the black eagle in front of him. Disregarding everything else, he charges at the black eagle like a beam of light while holding the 2 short spears. However, with a shake of his wings, the black eagle flashes away extremely fast.

Qin Yu’s eyes brighten. He immediately thrusts the Flaming Sword towards Xiang Yang.

Bang!

Xiang Yang’s 2 short spears quickly create a whirlwind, pulling Qin Yu’s Flaming Sword down. Concurrently with this, they keep coming at the black eagle. Xiang Yang’s eyes have reddened with killing intent. Simply ignoring Qin Yu, at the moment he only wants to eliminate that annoying black eagle before his eyes.

“You animal. You can only run!” Xiang Yang shouts furiously.

Because Xiao Hei is a Jindan stage demonic beast and, moreover, he has an innate pride, he hates being insulted by other people the most. Insulting either Qin Yu or him will anger Xiao Hei. And once he becomes furious, it will --

Boom!

A stream of flaming lightning comes out from Xiao Hei’s mouth. Feeling its power, Xiang Yang immediately evades it. However, Xiao Hei’s eyes flash with coldness and that flaming flash unexpectedly turns around. Because the distance between it and Xiang Yang is too short this time, he simply has no time to dodge it.

“Break!”

Following a loud shout, the 2 short spears turn into 2 wandering dragons. The 2 black dragons move around Xiang Yang’s body extremely fast. His surging blood-red energy has also been channeled into the spears. The 2 short spears unexpectedly are able to violently twist the flaming flash into pieces.

Qin Yu’s face changes color. He knows that this flaming flash is Xiao Hei’s special skill. But it has unexpectedly been twisted to pieces. This goes to show that Xiang Yang is really too powerful.

“Big brother, watch my special skill!”

Xiao Hei’s voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind via holy sense communication. Qin Yu’s face changes color in an instant. He remembers his original agreement with Xiao Hei. Xiao Hei wanted to fight in a full moon night because he has a special skill which, when performed during such a night, will be a little less physically taxing than it will be otherwise.

Whizz ~~

Xiao Hei spreads his wings and unexpectedly soars into the sky. At the same time, an extremely sharp eagle cry rises all of a sudden. That eagle cry, which sounds as if it is made of a real substance, spreads out in all directions. In an instant, the water of the River Wu begins to roar loudly.

A light starts to flicker on the crown atop Xiao Hei’s head. Concurrently with this, the light of the full moon in the sky unexpectedly begins to focus on his head. The moonlight then spreads all over his body. In a moment, Xiao Hei’s entire body has been covered in the moonlight, looking very dazzling.

Xiang Yang’s face changes color greatly. He can also feel that at the moment Xiao Hei is carrying a frightening power on his body.

Many blood-red streams of elemental energy are channeled into Xiang Yang’s suit of armor. He quickly increases his whole body’s defense to highest level. At the same time, he makes a throw with a hand. A short spear is unexpectedly shot directly at Xiao Hei. Who would have thought that this short spear can also be used in a long-range attack?

Pu ~~

The short spear is deflected away by the moonlight with ease.

Xiao Hei spreads his wings and performs a very slow wave with them. All of the moonlight is unexpectedly concentrated on the edges of the wings. It is then shot downwards at Xiang Yang from 2 directions simultaneously in the form of 2 crescent beams of light.

Xiang Yang’s body immediately moves extremely fast. However, despite his movements, the 2 crescent beams of light still chase after him.

They are unavoidable.

“Ah ~~” Xiang Yang turns his face skywards giving a roar. The entire energy in his body surges forth. Because there is no way to avoid the 2 crescent beams of light, he can only block them head-on.

Bang!

The energy of an early Yuanying expert is truly terrifying, but the 2 crescent blades of moonlight are extremely strange -- they can unexpectedly erode Xiang Yang’s blood-red elemental energy directly. Despite having started to shrink, the 2 crescent blades however have even corroded Xiang Yang’s suit of armor.

The suit of armor, which was perfect originally, has unexpectedly been damaged by the corrosion effects of the 2 crescent beams of light.

“Xiang Yang, let’s see if you still dare to curse again!”

Xiao Hei’s voice rises in Xiang Yang’s mind. Xiang Yang is extremely furious. More than half of the suit of armor getting destroyed has of course distressed him and made him even madder. At the same time, a resounding eagle cry rises. A flash of lightning shoots out extremely fast from Xiao Hei’s mouth.

It comes directly at Xiang Yang!

“A flash?” Xiang Yang disdains Xiao Hei’s flashes a lot because they cannot harm him. Suddenly his face changes color greatly. He has unexpectedly noticed an awl contained in that flash of lightning, an awl with a force capable of penetrating everything on its way.

Xiao Hei has finally shown the holy weapon he forged himself!

Not even Qin Yu knows about Xiao Hei’s holy weapon. He forged this weapon according to a secret forging method in his hereditary memories so it is very powerful, even more powerful than in Qin Yu’s imagination. The awl’s unstoppable momentum causes Xiang Yang’s face to change color completely.

Xiang Yang suddenly utters a loud, furious shout. The elemental energy in his body continuously surges forth. Like an angry lion, he disregards everything to activate the elemental energy in his body. Utilizing elemental energy in such a crazy way is very harmful to the yuanying but Xiang Yang has no time to take so many things into consideration.

Bang!

The short spear and the lightning-charged awl collide head-on. The short spear falls powerlessly to one side but the lightning-charged awl unexpectedly proceeds to hit Xiang Yang’s body.

Bang!

The blood-red elemental energy around Xiang Yang’s entire body shakes for a while. A stream of blood spurts directly from his mouth and scatters all over the air. However, because more than half of the power of the lightning-charged awl has been neutralized in the collision with the short spear, this strike can only injure Xiang Yang badly.

Xiang Yang was first seriously injured by the 2 crescent blades of light then was hit by the lightning-charged awl so by now he has lost more than half of his power through injuries.

“Big brother, I’ll leave it to you!” After shooting out the lightning-charged awl, Xiao Hei immediately tells Qin Yu using holy sense communication.

This is the last move that Xiao Hei and Qin Yu have agreed upon. Qin Yu is going to strike Xiang Yang a fatal, final blow. This is going to be his most powerful strike that he is going to put his life on the line to execute. At this moment Qin Yu’s entire body starts to blaze like a flame.

“The Stellar Field! The Meteor Strike!”

The nebula in Qin Yu’s dantian begins to vibrate urgently. Its silvery grains all start to burn very strongly in an instant. The number of the silvery grains decreases at an obviously fast speed. At the same time, the stellar energy generated by the blazing silvery grains forms a huge nebula outside Qin Yu’s body.

Hu!

A huge nebula, a huge nebula that is several tens meters in diameter has appeared outside Qin Yu’s body. The surging stellar energy of this nebula is not just 10 times more powerful than it was when Qin Yu used the Stellar Field in the past. This nebula even enfolded Xiang Yang.

Hu!

Hu!

......

There is a cold and severe expression on Qin Yu’s face. His body then splits into 9 illusions. That huge nebula has formed a maelstrom. The 9 illusions are at the edge of the maelstrom, each of which is holding a Flaming Sword.

Each of the Flaming Swords is charged with Qin Yu’s stellar energy and is sending out a sword strike.

When Qin Yu uses the Stellar Field, his speed reaches its maximum. The 9 illusions are actually the afterimages created by Qin Yu performing 9 different movements. Because he is too fast, the 9 movements seem to appear at the same time. Concurrently with this 9 different sword strikes are executed.

“Nine Stars Unification!”

The 9 illusions merge into one. Qin Yu’s whole body becomes engulfed in several meters of stellar light, looking very dazzling. Those who are watching from even 100 li away can see Qin Yu’s body charge directly at Xiang Yang like a meteor. The whole thing sounds slow in description but in fact, right after Xiang Yang was injured by Xiao Hei, Qin Yu’s attacks have already reached his front. The both of them have cooperated with each other very well.

Xiang Yang basically has no time to dodge.

“Ah!”

Having become hysterical, he shoots his 2 short spears at Qin Yu like 2 aquatic dragons. However, Qin Yu’s body becomes illusions again. Holding the Flaming Sword, Qin Yu turns into several blurs. A dazzling light flashes through Xiang Yang.

Xiang Yang’s body gets a shock. He looks at Qin Yu in disbelief. By now, several vital points of his body such as his heart and throat have been penetrated by Qin Yu’s Flaming Sword. Since Qin Yu used the Nine Stars Unification technique and fused the blazing silvery stellar energy with his body, his offensive power was really terrifyingly powerful.

“You ...”

Despite having been pierced through vital points, Xiang Yang does not die right away because he has reached the Yuanying stage. Having successfully formed the yuanying, he has a very formidable soul.

Suddenly, a faint, strange smile appears on the corners of Xiang Yang’s mouth.

Qin Yu’s face changes color all of a sudden. He instantly dives down using his Stellar Field. At the same time he tells Xiao Hei using holy sense communication: “Xiao Hei, run.” Qin Yu’s speed is extremely fast, but in just a moment --

Boom!

Xiang Yang’s entire body explodes. His yuanying has self-destructed. This is the self-destruction of a Yuanying-stage expert. A terrifyingly destructive force spreads out in all directions. The experts on both sides of the River Wu can only feel that a dazzling sun has appeared before their eyes.

“Careful!”

Fengyuzi and Qin De also immediately activate their body-protecting elemental energy and lie down on their stomachs. The ground on both sides of the River Wu begins to shake as if there is a quake going on. All of the ordinary people within a 1 km radius of the explosion’s epicenter simply die instantly with blood flowing out from their ears, eyes, nose and mouth. Within this radius, ordinary internal experts die in a mere moment.

Even the Xiantian experts who are watching the fight from a distance of 1 km are severely injured as well.

The self-destruction of a Yuanying-stage expert is really frightening. In the middle of the night, the entire Ba Chu County can see its dazzling fireball. At the moment of the explosion, a deep rumbling starts to resound through the entire sky and ground for a while.

People at other places of Ba Chu County first saw a sky-piercing meteor then a full moon come into existence. The people on the sides of the River Wu felt that the explosion was as dazzling as a sun but people who were at least 100 li away from the battlefield felt that it was similar to the bright moon in the sky.

For a moment, most spectators of the fight unexpectedly felt as if they were watching 2 high-hanging bright moons, whose lights enhanced each other.

“A sky-piercing meteor, two high-hanging moons ... This battle is really too terrifying. Xiao Yu, what has actually happened to Xiao Yu?” Qin Feng, who has returned to Lei Xue County, looks in the direction of the faraway battle. His face is full of anxiety and worry.

End of b4c24.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4, 25
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C25: Unstoppable

Xiang Guang has been worrying since the beginning of the fight because after all this fight is related to the existence of the whole Xiang clan. Therefore he has been standing on a tower at a gate of the capital, looking in the direction of the fight. After a meteor flashes through the sky, Xiang Guang’s entire heart becomes anxious.

“A meteor? Where did it come from?” He has become nervous.

He simply does not know that the meteor was formed by the terrifying stellar energy generated when Qin Yu burned the silvery grains of the nebula inside his body, which were also similar to silvery stars. Because Qin Yu used this special skill, the star-like silvery grains inside him, his basic source of energy, decreased a lot in volume due to being burnt, but he was also able to unleash a frighteningly powerful amount of energy.

Immediately afterwards, a huge explosion takes place. A ‘full moon’ that is even comparable to the full moon in the sky has been created by the explosion. The self-destruction of a Yuanying-stage expert is really too powerful.

“Another ‘full moon’.” Xiang Guang’s breathing becomes heavy. Standing on the edge of a city gate tower, he looks in the direction of the battlefield with wide-open eyes.

A long time after the explosion, everything quietens down.

“What actually happened? What’s the result? Has Great Ancestor killed the enemies?” Xiang Guang continuously asks himself in his heart. Beads of sweat have even appeared on his forehead. He knows one thing -- if Great Ancestor dies, his Xiang clan will be done for.

Xiang Guang suddenly turns his body looking to one side. He asks at once: “Yi Yan, I ask you, what has happened on the River Wu?” He also knows that a fierce battle has happened on the River Wu, but he has no way to guess its outcome.

Yi Yan secretly feels miserable. He is not an immortal, how can he possibly guess the result of the fight? However, because Xiang Guang is staring at him, how can he dare to say that he does not know either?

Yi Yan immediately bows, saying: “Your Majesty, we’re really too far from the battlefield so it’s impossible to find out what has happened exactly. However, the ‘meteor’ just now must have been a powerful attack executed by a participating Shangxian. The ‘bright moon’ in the end should have been a frightening explosion caused by the self-destruction of a certain Shangxian’s jindan or yuanying.”

“Who actually self-destructed? What’s the outcome?” With brightening eyes, Xiang Guang asks urgently.

Yi Yan hurriedly says: “You know about Great Ancestor’s true power, don’t you, Your Majesty? In this battle, Great Ancestor must have been the winner.” At this crucial moment, how can Yi Yan possibly say otherwise? Only by saying so can he calm Xiang Guang down.

“That’s right.” Hearing these words, Xiang Guang seems as if he has eaten an immortal pill. His whole body is immediately filled with vitality and his eyes glittering. “Who on the Qian Long continent can be a match for Great Ancestor? I’ve heard that even Wu De is far inferior to him. I think that challenging Shangxian was weaker than Great Ancestor and self-destructed out of despair. It must have been so.”

Because Xiang Guang thinks so and because his subordinates such as Yi Yan also chime in with him, he immediately becomes even more certain of the battle’s result.

“Alright, follow me back to the palace, gentlemen. Together we’re going to calmly wait for Great Ancestor’s return and prepare a celebration banquet for him.” Very high-spirited, Xiang Guang immediately gives an order to the several trusted high-ranking officials around him. He then runs back to the Imperial Palace to prepare a celebration banquet for his Great Ancestor.

The terrifying battle ended a moment ago and the water of the River Wu has begun to calm down. There seems to have been no changes compared to before the battle, only that the dikes along the shores of the river have become a mess. The frightening explosion has torn large trees apart and sent swards flying all over the place. Its shock wave has even caused many ordinary people to bleed from their ears, eyes, noses and mouths, resulting in their deaths.

“Pu!”

Qin De suddenly spits out a piece of grass and stands up abruptly. At the moment he is being covered completely in dust, looking like a beggar. Fengyuzi also stands up on one side of him. The explosion just now was really too powerful.

Ignoring the dust on his body, Qin De hurriedly looks forwards. Before him, the River Wu, which is several km wide, is flowing east rapidly. There is basically not a soul to be seen on the river.

“Where’s Yu’er?” Qin De has become worried in his heart. He immediately expands his holy sense but because he has just reached the early phase of the Jindan stage, the range of his holy sense is only 1000 m and he simply cannot detect Qin Yu’s aura within this 1000 m range.

“Yu’er!”

Qin De shouts loudly all of a sudden. His voice resounds on the River Wu.

“Your Highness, don’t be anxious.” Fengyuzi hurriedly says to Qin De. “My holy sense has a much longer range. Just let me carry out a careful check.” Hearing this, Qin De calms down at once. He looks at Fengyuzi with expectation.

Fengyuzi’s holy sense spreads out in all directions. After a long time, he has no choice but to look at Qin De, saying: “Your Highness, I haven’t detected anything yet.”

Qin De’s face slightly changes color. Then, as he remembers the explosion a moment ago, he says with brightening eyes: “Brother Feng, I remember Yu’er was diving down towards the River Wu at the moment of the explosion. Perhaps he is at the bottom of the river now.”

Fengyuzi says with a shake of his head: “How deep is this River Wu? Our holy senses are over 1 km in range so if there was something at the bottom of the river, we should’ve already noticed it, but we haven’t detected anything yet ...”

Bang!

The water of the River Wu suddenly explodes. A silhouette soars into the sky from underwater. Immediately afterwards, there is another sudden loud splash and a black eagle also flies into the air from the bottom of the river. A human and an eagle thus soar into the sky above the River Wu.

Qin De and Fengyuzi both look at that silhouette.

“Ah, it’s Yu’er.” Qin De’s whole body becomes excited. The human and the eagle then fly towards Qin De and Fengyuzi like 2 beams of light. In only a moment, both of them have already arrived at Qin De’s face.

Qin Yu looks at Qin De. A faint smile appears on his pale face: “Father, I’ve succeeded!”

Qin De feels a numbing sensation running through his entire body. He cannot help getting slightly misty-eyed. His face is full of excitement. Without thinking much, he suddenly hugs Qin Yu. Qin Yu also hugs his father. The both of them hug each other tightly this way.

“Father, you look so ... dirty.”

At this crucial moment, Qin Yu unexpectedly says a sentence that destroys the mood. Qin De is startled. The explosion just now totally covered him in dust but afterwards he had to hurriedly search for Qin Yu so he has yet to remove the dust from his body.

“You stinking brat.”

Qin De scolds with a smile. He then activates his elemental energy to shake the dust off his body directly.

“Ha-ha, don’t be noisy, both of you. Let’s return quickly, alright?” Fengyuzi says with a loud laugh. He then goes up to one side of Qin Yu and casually gives him a punch in the chest, saying: “You little brat, who would have thought that you would be able to kill even a Yuanying expert at such a young age?”

Having watched Qin Yu grow up, Fengyuzi naturally has fatherly feelings for him. Now that Qin Yu has made such an achievement, he also feels very happy for him.

Qin Yu’s body slightly shakes. His face turns even paler.

“Xiao Yu, what’s the matter?” Fengyuzi knows that something is wrong. Even though the punch he threw just now carried some power, it definitely should not have been a problem to a Xiuzhenist.

Qin Yu says smilingly with a shake of his head: “Never mind. I only suffered some small injuries after executing that ultimate skill just now. It doesn’t matter. Once I go back and practice in peace, I’ll recover very fast.” There is a very brilliant smile on his face at the moment.

“Humph, small injuries? To perform the 1st level of my Dark Moon technique, I lost one third of my energy. That blow you executed was much stronger than mine so you must’ve lost at least half of your power. Perhaps your channels, muscles and bones have all been badly injured. If these injuries are considered small then I don’t know what should be called big injuries?” Xiao Hei says discontentedly using his holy sense.

Qin Yu gives Xiao Hei a stare.

Indeed, this time Qin Yu has been very seriously injured. The silvery grains in the nebula inside his dantian are the source of his energy but he unexpectedly executed a special skill, burning away these silvery grains. Therefore, now these silvery grains are only about half of their former sizes.

Moreover, this was the 1st time he has explosively unleashed such a large amount of energy so not even his body was able to withstand the pressure. As a result, his channels, muscles and bones have been severely injured.

“Father, let’s return. Since Xiang Yang’s dead, nothing else can stop the Qin clan. Now I can recover with no worries so you can put your mind at rest.” Seeing the expression on his father’s face, Qin Yu says comfortingly at once.

As soon as Qin De hears this, he secretly nods. Xiang Yang is already dead so Qin Yu now can take his time healing his injuries.

“Yu’er, it’s been hard on you.” Qin De pats Qin Yu’s shoulders then says smilingly: “Alright, let’s get back to the town of Xiyang.”

Soon afterwards, Qin De, Qin Yu, the black eagle and Fengyuzi pierce through the sky, heading directly for the town of Xiyang.

......

The influence of this battle has been immense. People in the several hundred cities around the battlefield all saw this frightening battle, the sky-piercing meteor created by Qin Yu and the terrifying energy generated by the yuanying’s self-destruction, which was unexpectedly as brilliant as the full moon in the sky.

A sky-piercing meteor; two high-hanging moons;

News of this legendary battle is spread by the experts on whole Qian Long continent. Even when the Shangxian of the Ming dynasty and Han dynasty come to the scene to investigate, they cannot help admitting that both sides in this battle have far surpassed them in power.

This battle later will become a legend on the Qian Long continent and provide inspiration for every martial art expert.

According to the descriptions of the surviving Xiantian experts who watched the battle from the shores of the River Wu, one side of this legendary battle was Xiang Yang while the other side was very mysterious, consisting of a man and an eagle. Many people will try to find out who this man and this eagle were but will achieve nothing. Their identities thus will become a riddle on the Qian Long continent.

******

In a sumptuous banquet in the town of Xiyang,

“Ha-ha, come, bottoms up, bottoms up!!!” With a slightly reddened face, Xu Yuan stands up and says in a drunken voice.

After the death of Xiang Yang, there is no concern left over the war so the Qin clan has become totally relaxed as well. As a general military counselor Xu Yuan used to say that he could not drink wine to keep his sensibleness but now he is also drinking wine wantonly without any scruple.

When things have reached this point, if the Qin clan could not win, then those generals should all kill themselves to atone for their incapability.

“So many years, Your Highness, we prepared for this day for so many years and we’ve finally succeeded. Your Highness, we’ve finally succeeded. Tomorrow, as soon as you give an order, we’re going to launch the final attack. Ba Chu County, the Chu dynasty’s last county, will fall into our hands completely.” Xu Yuan says emotionally in a half-drunken voice.

Qin De suddenly drinks up a cup too and says with a nod of his head: “That’s true. 18 years, it’s been 18 whole years. We haven’t had a good sleep for the last 18 years. Finally ... we’ve finally succeeded.” The aura around Qin De’s entire body has totally changed.

It is no longer cold and fierce as before and only gives off a free, natural feeling.

“No, it’s not only 18 years, father. The Qin clan’s seniors actually prepared for several hundred years. Each generation of seniors continuously made preparations for the future. Had it not been for these several hundred years of preparations, even with the help of the Mu clan and the Shangguan clan, we wouldn’t have come to the current situation.” Qin Zheng’s entire body has also become very excited.

“That’s right.” Qin De suddenly nods. “The Qin clan’s seniors prepared for several hundred years. They waited for so many years. There is also ... Jing Yi. She’s been waiting for this day for so long.” After saying, he falls silent all of a sudden.

He is remembering the scenes of the past.

“Father.” Qin Feng’s eyes flash with coldness. “I’ll definitely cut off Xiang Guang’s head to console mother’s soul in the sky.” When he was 10 years old he saw the death of his mother with his own eyes so he has been waiting for this day ever since.

Qin De nods and suddenly says: “Zheng’er, have you been keeping a close watch on the movements of the Xiang clan in the capital? Don’t let them run away at the last moment.”

Qin Zheng says confidently: “Don’t worry, father. Every member of the Xiang clan is in the palm of my hand. Even the emperor Xiang Guang can forget about escaping from the Imperial Palace.” By now, the Qin clan’s secret forces have all been put under Qin Zheng’s control.

Qin De nods then turns to Qin Yu on one side, who is giving Xiao Hei a roast duck. Qin De looks smilingly at his 3rd son. For the moment he only smiles without saying a word.

“Father.”

Seeing Qin De only smile at him, Qin Yu cannot help feeling at a loss.

Qin De’s smile contains a father’s extreme satisfaction with his son. It is a gratified smile. Having a son like Qin Yu, Qin De can take pride in his life.

......

The next day, Qin De, dressed in a suit of armor, stands outside the west gate of the town of Xiyang looking west. The people such as Qin Zheng, Qin Feng, Qin Yu and Xu Yuan are standing behind him. There are also the crack troops whose duty is to protect this nucleus of the Qin clan.

“We’ve been preparing for several hundred years to succeed in one morning.” Qin De’s eyes glitter.

The west is the direction of the target this time -- Ba Chu County.

Suddenly, Qin De shouts to the order-delivering soldiers behind him: “Order the armies in Lei Xue County, Shang Que County and Zhen Yang County to attack Ba Chu County together at full force. I want the whole Ba Chu County to be subdued within a half month.”

“Yes!”

The several order-delivering soldiers immediately take the order then ride away very fast on their birds to transmit it.

......

Lei Xue County, Shang Que County and Zhen Yang County each have several hundred thousand troops. After the order is given, more than 1,600,000 troops of the Qin clan instantly rush into Ba Chu County. Seeing that the situation is not good for them, many troops and generals of the Xiang clan quickly surrender.

The Qin clan’s spies use a lot of money to buy off their enemies from within while the Qin clan’s army threatens them from the outside so the Xiang clan’s last county basically collapses at the first blow. Its defense is destroyed with ease by the Qin clan’s army like dry weeds and rotten wood.

This attack on Ba Chu County is basically like a race. The Qin clan’s cavalry troops advance nonstop. Once they have occupied a city, they garrison some troops in it then continue to hurry on with the attack. Even though the Qin clan has to dispatch some troops to defend the cities it defeats on the way, in the end, its armies on the 3 different directions still amount to over 1,000,000. Such a large number of troops have gathered outside the capital.

End of b4c25.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 26
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C26: No way out

The Qin clan’s 50,000 Fierce Tiger troops have completely surrounded the Imperial Palace. Every Fierce Tiger soldier’s eyes are filled with pride. Only a half year has passed since the beginning of the war but the entire Chu kingdom has fallen into the hands of the Qin clan and therefore, as the Qin clan’s finest soldiers and officers, they all feel very proud.

The Imperial Palace’s forbidden guards have already scattered earlier. The head of the Imperial Palace’s forbidden guards was an elite soldier of the Xiang clan but he has been assassinated by the coward vice leader of the forbidden guards. Afterwards the vice leader has led his men to surrender to the Qin clan, plunging the forbidden guards into chaos.

In the past all of the Xiang clan’s members led by Xiang Yu were extremely heroic but, after experiencing 1000 years of a luxurious lifestyle, the Xiang clan is now made up of corrupted and depraved people. Seeing that their own clan is falling apart, these members all bring out their money and valuables to beg for mercy. However, the Qin clan’s way of dealing with them is -- to confiscate their valuables then to throw them in jail.

By now the Imperial Palace has become a mess. There have been members of the Xiang clan who have committed suicide out of despair. And bunches of eunuchs, ladies-in-waiting and coward forbidden guards have begged for mercy from the Fierce Tiger troops. But there have also been loyal forbidden guards who have been trying to kill off the people who are afraid of death.

Chaos, chaos, chaos!

The Xiang clan’s doomsday has come. All of the people in the Imperial Palace are in a state of anxiety. They are trying to plunder the royal clan’s valuables and kill each other. The 50,000 Fierce Tiger troops however only watch everything happening in the Imperial Palace apathetically. None of them has attempted to get involved in the situation.

......

In the audience hall of the Imperial Palace, there is only Xiang Guang sitting in the throne. A white-haired eunuch is standing on one side of him.

“Your Majesty.”

The head eunuch Wang Meng looks at the Chu emperor Xiang Guang before him. Wang Meng has been in the palace since he was still a kid. Now his only relative is his younger sister’s grandson, who he already sent to the Ming dynasty long ago with proper arrangements.

However, an over 90 year old Wang Meng does not want to run for his own life.

Xiang Guang, who is sitting dejected in the throne, looks as if he is sleeping. Despite hearing Wang Meng’s words, he only raises his head after a long time. He then gives Wang Meng a lifeless look: “Oh, it’s you, Manager Wang. When things have come to this, only you still accompany me.”

Wang Meng says: “Why haven’t you run away, Your Majesty? As long as you can save your life, you will be able to stage a comeback, won’t you?”

Xiang Guang shakes his head: “Anyone else can run but I can’t.” His eyes flash with coldness and fierceness. “The Qin clan has been preparing for so many years but has always been refraining from action because it’s been enjoying the power of the East Vanquishing Prince position. But ... that year I caused that incident, bringing about its current revolt.”

“It was because of me that the Qin clan rebelled. I’m the number 1 target.” Xiang Guang has gone mad.

“Great Ancestor has already sent the most promising members of the Xiang clan to a different place. He did so just in case something bad would happen but now it seems to have become the only method of surviving for the Xiang clan. Only they ... are the most important things to the Xiang clan at the moment. I definitely can’t run away. Once I run, the Qin clan will stop at nothing to catch me so even those hidden members will probably be found out.” Xiang Guang’s body slightly shakes.

He then gives a disappointed smile: “I can’t run. Without Great Ancestor, I definitely won’t be able to escape from the Qin clan’s tight encirclement. Since it has come to this ... I’m going to stay here to wait for Qin De. After killing me, Qin De will be less likely to hunt down the other members of the Xiang clan. With the protection of Great Ancestor’s 4 disciples, those hidden members should be able to survive. I only hope that one day they will be able to avenge the destruction of the kingdom, in which case I’ll be satisfied even though I’ll have to die.”

Wang Meng looks at Xiang Guang for a long time as if this is the first time he has ever met him then says with a sigh: “Your Majesty, I’ve always thought that you ...”

“Thought that I’m absurd and silly, right?” Xiang Guang says with an indifferent smile.

Wang Meng does not deny, saying: “Judging only by the fact that you dare to stay here to wait for Qin De, I sincerely admire you, Your Majesty. I’m now just an old man so there’s no point in my living. There’s nothing else I can do but I’m still capable of such a simple thing as perishing together with you.”

Xiang Guang gives Wang Meng a look without saying anything.

After a while, a black-clad silhouette suddenly appears in the audience hall. Seeing Xiang Guang, he immediately bows, saying: “Your Majesty, the mission has been accomplished. All of the concubines and the other female members in the palace including the princesses and the empress have passed away.”

As soon as Wang Meng hears this, his face changes color. He quickly understands that Xiang Guang has ordered that all of his female relatives in the palace be killed.

With an expressionless face, Xiang Guang however waves his hand in an unconcerned manner, saying: “Alright, I’ll give you my last order. All of you are to change into forbidden guards’ clothes. When the Qin clan’s troops enter the Imperial Palace, try to kill as many of them as possible.”

“Yes.”

The black-clad silhouette says expressionlessly then leaves the audience hall extremely fast at once.

......

“Your Highness!”

With a loud sound, the Fierce Tiger troops, who are staying closely together outside the gate of the palace, all get down on one knee almost simultaneously. At first sight, only some people such as Qin De are still standing among several tens thousand people. Qin De is bringing along his 3 sons and Xu Yuan heading straight for the Imperial Palace. The 50,000 Fierce Tiger troops also rush into the palace right after him.

At the moment Qin De looks apathetic. There is no trace of a smile on his face.

The 3 brothers, Qin Feng, Qin Yu and Qin Zheng, and Xu Yuan are not smiling in the slightest either. All of the people present go direct toward the audience hall. They seem to already know where Xiang Guang is. The Fierce Tiger troops however are focusing their entire attention on everything around.

Pu!

A knife is drawn. A Xiang clan’s forbidden guard is cut in half. That Fierce Tiger soldier then coldly pulls back the battle knife in his hand.

On the way to the audience hall of the Imperial Palace, there are quite a few fearless forbidden guards who charge at the Fierce Tiger troops but what they do is merely akin to throwing their lives away successively. In a short while, the audience hall is already in sight. Qin De’s eyes flash. He cannot help walking a bit faster.

Suddenly --

The 3 forbidden guards of the Xiang clan who are charging at the Qin clan’s troops from the distance speed up. They come into the middle of the Fierce Tiger troops like 3 illusions. Blood then splatters and severed limbs fall down. In just a moment, 6 or 7 Fierce Tiger soldiers have been killed.

“Humph!”

All of a sudden, a cold humph rises. With 3 sharp screams, the 3 silhouettes fall down directly on the floor for good. A hole has appeared on the forehead of each of them. It turns out their heads have been shot through with pebbles. One of them is none other than the black-clad man who met Xiang Guang not long ago in the audience hall.

Qin De turns his head taking a look at the 3 corpses without saying a word. He then strides directly to the entrance of the audience hall.

Qin De is outside the audience hall while Xiang Guang is in it. Both of them look at each other. Qin De takes one step after another into the audience hall while looking at Xiang Guang. The 4 people consisting of Qin Feng, Qin Yu, Qin Zheng and Xu Yuan also follow him closely into the audience hall.

Qin De is now on the lower part of the audience hall while Xiang Guang is on the higher part. Even though Qin De has to slightly raise his head to look at Xiang Guang, there is a note of disdain in his eyes.

“You’ve come ...” A faint smile appears on the corners of Xiang Guang’s mouth.

Qin De says coldly: “Right, I’ve come. At this point you’re still acting as if you’re not afraid of death? Xiang Guang, I know you don’t want to run away to protect the Xiang clan’s elite members. Do you think I’m right?”

Xiang Guang slightly narrows his eyes then says with an indifferent smile: “If I say you’re wrong, will you believe it?”

“At this point you’re still trying to play it cool?” Qin De’s eyes are full of disdain. Xiang Guang however simply does not care about that: “I’m still the emperor. Qin De, hasn’t you come to kill me? If you want to kill me then kill me. Don’t waste my time. I’m already tired.”

Qin De takes a careful look at Xiang Guang: “Emperor? If you want to call yourself emperor then just do it. But ... I never thought that you wouldn’t be afraid of death.”

“Why would I call myself emperor when you tell me to? Qin De, in this life you won’t ever be able to order me. Even if I have to die, I will never be afraid of you.” Xiang Guang unexpectedly does not call himself emperor. At the moment he is trying to do the opposites of what Qin De tells him.

“Oh ... I remember that the Xiang clan still has some elite people ...” Qin De wants to see Xiang Guang panic.

But Xiang Guang pays no attention to his words: “Qin De, let me tell you something, those elite members of the Xiang clan have already gone into hiding. They no longer have any connections to me. You can deal with them however you like.”

Qin De’s face darkens.

Xiang Guang continues to say smilingly: “Let me tell you another thing, you won’t be able to control even my death. Because ...” He bursts out laughing. His face turns purple extremely fast. Afterwards, 2 purplish black streams of blood flow out from his nose.

“Even though I have to die, I’ll ... kill myself. Don’t even dream ... about ... controlling ...”

Before Xiang Guang can finish saying, he is already dead. But there is only a cold smile on his face. Wang Meng on one side also smiles. He takes out from his bosom a bottle and drinks up the liquid contained in it at a gulp.

“Your Majesty, I’ll follow you.”

Blood flows out from Wang Meng’s ears, eyes, nose and mouth too. He then falls powerlessly on the floor and dies.

Qin De looks at the dead body of Xiang Guang. His expression is very complex. For the moment, no one else can imagine what he is thinking. Is he feeling happy because of Xiang Guang’s death or is he regretting not being able torture Xiang Guang personally?

“Father, this Xiang Guang fella waited for you here probably because he wanted to protect the elite members of the Xiang clan who had gone into hiding.” Qin Feng looks at Xiang Guang’s corpse, his eyes filled with coldness.

Qin De says with a shake of his head: “Feng’er, you’re wrong. The one who knows a person best is his arch-enemy. Xiang Guang was so merciless that he was able to kill even his wives and children. So, how could he have possibly cared about the other members of the Xiang clan?”

“Then why did he wait for us here instead of running away early on?” Qin Feng asks.

Qin Zheng says coldly: “Big brother, based on Xiang Guang’s last sentence we can figure out his reason. He naturally knew that we were determined to capture him and it was simply impossible for him to escape so he brazenly waited here to get on his high horse in front of father for a while before killing himself.”

Qin Zheng has seen through everything very clearly. Xiang Guang indeed wanted to let Qin De know that he would control his own life and death and that, even though he was going to die, he would kill himself.

Qin Yu says with an indifferent smile: “Xiang Guang was very ignorant. Weren’t his life and death actually under father’s control? If father’s armies hadn’t forced him, how would he have ended up like this? He killed himself, but even so he was forced to kill himself by father, and yet this fella Xiang Guang still thought that he controlled his own life and death.”

“He was just fooling himself and other people.” Xu Yuan says with a wave of his feathered fan.

Qin De strides towards the throne, removes Xiang Guang’s corpse from it with a kick then looks at it for a long time. He then suddenly turns around and looks outside the audience hall, saying loudly and clearly: “The Chu emperor Xiang Guang is already dead. From now on the Chu dynasty no longer exists.”

Thanks to several hundred years of preparations and Qin De’s 18 years of meticulous planning, the Qin clan was able to come out of the 3 Eastern region counties to take control of the 2 Northern region counties and the 3 Southern region counties. Its armies then advanced with a nearly unstoppable momentum only to be blocked by Xiang Yang, the Xiang clan’s Great Ancestor, at a crucial moment.

However, in the legendary ‘Two Moons’ battle right afterwards, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei joined forces and were able to kill Xiang Yang, the real 1st emperor of the Xiang clan.

Following Xiang Yang’s death, Qin De gave an order and the Xiang clan’s last county quickly fell into the hands of the Qin clan too. At this point, the Xiang clan was wiped out and the Xiang dynasty completely collapsed.

******

In the following month, all of the 12 counties of the Chu kingdom are reorganized. Every remaining member of the Xiang clan is found out and killed. The hidden forces of the Qin clan among the common people also play a great role in hunting down the Xiang clan’s survivors.

The Han dynasty and Ming dynasty originally wanted to take advantage of the situation to gain some benefit but they never thought that the true military power of the Chu kingdom would suffer almost no loss during the civil war. At first the country was divided between 4 big forces but it has been unified.

The Shangguan clan’s 2 Northern region counties are now under the Qin clan’s complete control and the Mu clan is also willing to give the Qin clan the 3 Southern region counties. Unlike the Xiang clan in the past, at the moment the Qin clan is having real control over the kingdom’s 12 counties. And the true reason the Mu clan switched sides and gave away its 3 Southern region counties so easily was that ...

It has basically been a branch of the Qin clan for many years.

The Mu clan has always been concealing its true identity and has even been loyal to the Xiang clan for several hundred years. It has followed the lead of the Xiang clan so closely that even Xiang Yang thought that it was really loyal. The secret that the Mu clan is a branch of the Qin clan have been known only to the heads and elders of either clan.

In the princely mansion in Yan City,

This period of time, Qin Yu has been practicing in peace to restore the power he lost during the battle against Xiang Yang. He has also discussed Xiuzhen-related matters with Qin De and Fengyuzi. As for his body’s injuries, they were already healed long ago by the Meteoric Tear.

In Qin Yu’s courtyard house in the princely mansion, Qin Yu, Qin Feng, Qin Zheng, Qin De and Fengyuzi, 5 people altogether, are sitting at a stone table. At the moment there are 3 secret books on the table. They are none other than the 3 Xiuzhen secret books Qin Yu left behind before.

“Xiao Yu, your Uncle Feng and I have read your 3 secret books. Even your Uncle Feng thinks that these 3 books are all top-class Xiuzhen secret books. He has now given up his original Xiuzhen technique to follow the ones written in these books.” Qin De says smilingly.

Fengyuzi also says emotionally: “Xiao Yu, as far as my school’s secret practice technique is concerned, even I only know its method for reaching the Yuanying stage. And it isn’t as clear as the ones in these books. Such profound and mysterious practice techniques are perhaps better than even my school’s most precious esoteric technique.”

Qin Yu however says nothing. With a wave of his hand, 5 middle-grade holy short knives and a black long spear suddenly float above his palm.

End of b4c26.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 4 27
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B4C27: A new journey

5 short knives and a black long spear are floating in the air.

“Father, I’ll give you these 5 short knives and this long spear.” Qin Yu says smilingly.

“Ah, these are ...” There is a note of ecstasy on Qin De’s face. “Weren’t these 5 short knives taken in by Wu Xing last time?” Qin De can totally understand that Qin Yu naturally came into possession of Wu Xing’s treasures after his death.

However, when ordinary people obtain such treasures as these weapons, they will keep them for themselves instead of giving them to other people.

Seeing the black long spear, Fengyuzi says with wonderment: “This long spear is the Xiang clan’s Conqueror’s Spear, right? In that battle on the River Wu, even though I was staying on a river shore, I still saw how formidable this Conqueror’s Spear was. Xiao Yu, I never expected that you’d even manage to fetch the spear after killing Xiang Yang. This really is ...”

Qin Yu gives a smile: “Pity his suit of armor was badly damaged by Xiao Hei’s special skill and was no longer useful.”

Xiao Hei uses holy sense communication at once from a distance: “Big brother, pity what? If more than half of his suit of armor hadn’t been corroded by my Dark Moon technique, it would’ve been extremely difficult for you to kill him directly. You really went overboard. Having been badly injured, you still dived so deep into the water to fetch this long spear.”

Being questioned by Xiao Hei, Qin Yu simply chooses not to answer.

“Father, these 3 secret books were given to me by my master, but I have no use for them. I can guarantee that they’re absolutely top-class practice techniques in the Xiuzhen world. But the techniques are only a bridge to a Xiuzhenist and he still has to walk the path of practice step by step on his own. Even with these secret books Uncle Feng and you still need to try hard because their usefulness is actually not very great.” Qin Yu says smilingly.

Fengyuzi says with a shake of his head: “Xiao Yu, don’t be so modest. These Xiuzhen secret books also contain various suitable attacking techniques. With these top-class techniques, even if an opponent is a level above us in power, we will still be able to rely on our powerful attacks to give him a good fight.”

The determining factor in a battle between Xiuzhenists is their fighting power.

A Xiuzhenist’s fighting power is decided by his holy weapons, holy pills, power level and offensive techniques. In other words, during a battle, a Xiuzhenist has to rely on his holy weapons, holy pills, personal power level and some special attacking techniques, which is exactly what Qin Yu and Xiao Hei have done.

Towards end of the battle, Qin Yu executed the Stellar Field and the Meteor Strike while Xiao Hei performed the 1st strike of the Dark Moon technique, which was even more formidable than his Flaming Lightning. Only thanks to these special blows were they able to kill Xiang Yang, who was actually much more powerful than them. This has shown that attacking techniques are no less important than holy weapons.

“Father, I have 10 holy pills in here -- 10 Bluish Vermilion Pills. They are very effective in healing Xiuzhenists’ injuries.” Qin Yu takes out from his spatial ring a jade bottle which contains 10 Bluish Vermilion Pills.

Bluish Vermilion Pills are like a sacred medicine when it comes to treating injuries. Generally, when the internal organs are damaged, even Xiuzhenists will find it hard to recover from this, but if they can eat a Bluish Vermilion Pill, they will become healthy very quickly.

Qin Yu has the Meteoric Tear so these Bluish Vermilion Pills are not important to him. However he has only taken out more than half of the Bluish Vermilion Pills left behind by Lei Wei and has put the remaining 3 pills in another bottle just in case Xiao Hei will need them later.

“Bluish Vermilion Pills, you said Bluish Vermilion Pills?” Fengyuzi suddenly opens his eyes wide.

Qin Yu is stupefied because Fengyuzi is a bit too shocked at the moment.

“Yep ... they’re Bluish Vermilion Pills. Uncle Feng, what’s the matter?” He asks doubtfully.

Fengyuzi stares at that jade bottle and says in astonishment: “Bluish Vermilion Pills, moreover there are 10 of them. Oh my, Xiao Yu, who is exactly your master? These Bluish Vermilion Pills are high-grade holy pills. Even one of them is already very precious yet you have 10 pills.”

“High-grade holy pills?”

“Yes, let me tell you something, even one Bluish Vermilion Pill is extremely important. When a Xiuzhenist suffers a loss of elemental energy, he can practice to replenish his power, but when his internal organs are injured, it will be very difficult for him to recover from this.” Fengyuzi says emotionally: “The internal organs are very weak so you can only nurture them slowly using your elemental energy to let them gradually recover on their own. But with the Bluish Vermilion Pills, it will take you just a few days to recover.”

To a Xiuzhenist, the pills that can replenish his power are not important, but the pills that can heal his internal injuries are extremely valuable.

When a Xiuzhenist’s bodily functions stop working permanently, if he has reached the Dongxu stage, he can abandon his physical body to become a loose immortal, but if he has yet to reach the Dongxu stage, his soul will be destroyed, resulting in his death.

“Xiao Yu, you better keep these Bluish Vermilion Pills for yourself. Your master must’ve given them to you so that they can be your lifesavers.” Fengyuzi tells Qin Yu sincerely. Even though they are 10 high-grade holy pills, he is not greedy for them at all.

“Yu’er, later you’ll probably meet some dangers on the path of practice so you must bring these Bluish Vermilion Pills along just in case.” Qin De advises Qin Yu while staring at him.

Qin Yu does not know what to say. In terms of healing injuries, is there anything that can compare with the Meteoric Tear?

It was even able to heal such a mortal wound as a punctured heart. Given its great effectiveness at healing, how can these high-grade holy pills or top-grade holy pills possibly compare with it? Perhaps not even the legendary immortal pills can match its curing ability.

“Father, Uncle Feng, please don’t worry about me. I still have some Bluish Vermilion Pills for myself. These 10 pills are for both of you.” Having said so, Qin Yu takes out another jade bottle that is containing 3 other Bluish Vermilion Pills. After he opens the bottle, Qin De and Fengyuzi can smell the faint scent of the Bluish Vermilion Pills so in their hearts they believe him as well.

Qin Yu hurriedly says: “Father, this is a token of my regard for you. If you don’t accept these pills, I won’t be able to leave the Qian Long continent without worries.”

“Leave the Qian Long continent?!?!?!”

Qin Zheng, Qin Feng and Qin De all exclaim in shock. For the moment they have forgotten the matter regarding the Bluish Vermilion Pills.

“Yes, I’m going to leave the Qian Long continent. Xiao Hei and I have been ready to go on an uncertain journey and to enter the Xiuzhen world.” Qin Yu says resolutely with a nod of his head. He has already thought this decision through carefully. There are simply no goals left for him on the Qian Long continent.

So, now the only way to make his life exciting is to go on a journey that is full of dangers and opportunities.

Qin De lets out a sigh but he then bursts out laughing: “Yu’er, since you returned from the Wilderness, I’ve noticed that you’ve undergone drastic changes. This time you even killed Xiang Yang. Yes, now you’re only 20 but you’ve already reached such a high level. Brother Feng, with Yu’er’s achievements, he should be considered a genius in the Xiuzhen world, right?”

Fengyuzi exclaims with a nod of his head: “Not only is he a genius, it’s hard to meet a person like him even once in 10,000 years.”

Qin De says with a nod: “That’s right. He reached such a level at the age 20. The Qian Long continent is no longer challenging enough for him. Yu’er shouldn’t be restricted in such a small place as the Qian Long continent. I should’ve thought of this early on.”

“Yu’er, I approve of your decision! A person should live for himself and rush forwards with enthusiasm to reach his own goals. Ha-ha, perhaps several thousand years later, the Qin clan will also be able to have an immortal who can achieve ascension. Yu’er, do you think this will come true?” Qin De says laughingly while looking at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu says with a nod: “Yes, father.”

Fengyuzi however says laughingly: “Have the both of you really gone mad? Do you think it’s so easy to achieve ascension? In the history of my school, for no one knows how many million years, there have been only 2 seniors who were able to accomplish this feat. Moreover, this is what happened a million years ago.”

But Qin De says: “You’re wrong, brother Feng. Have you ever seen anyone else who was able to reach Yu’er’s current level at the age of 20?”

Fengyuzi is startled. He then shakes his head: “No, I haven’t.”

“That’s right. Yu’er has created such a miracle. Isn’t it only ascension? I totally believe in my son.” Qin De looks at Qin Yu, his eyes full of a fatherly love.

Qin Yu also nods resolutely: “I’m very confident about myself too.”

Fengyuzi cannot help saying with a forced smile: “You two are really father and son. All right, take your time admiring yourself.”

******

In the follow-up period of time, the 3 brothers, Qin Yu, Qin Zheng and Qin Feng, often chat with each other. Qin Zheng and Qin Feng both know that Qin Yu is going to leave after the enthronement so they make the most of this period of time talking with him a lot.

Qin Yu usually practices meditation or spends time with his family to pass this last period of time on the Qian Long continent.

......

At Fengyuzi’s place of residence,

“Uncle Feng, what is this?” Qin Yu looks doubtfully at the slip of jade in his hand.

Fengyuzi says with a smile: “Yu’er, this slip of jade contains my school’s sea chart. The ocean is boundless, if you wander about aimlessly, who knows what kinds of places you’ll reach? You might even enter the Devil Islands by mistake and get your jindan or yuanying eaten up by other people, which will be horrible.”

“Thank you, Uncle Feng.” Qin Yu of course knows Fengyuzi’s intention when he gives him this sea chart.

“Uncle Feng, you just mentioned the Devil Islands or something. Could you tell me about the Overseas Immortal Islands? They seem to be a very complicated place.” Qin Yu has become doubtful.

Fengyuzi ponders for a while then says: “I’ll tell you about them carefully. Your Uncle Feng’s school is called Pure Sword School. There is an immortal island called Pure Wind Island over 100,000 li away from the southern border of the Qian Long continent. The island has 2 big schools, one of which is the Pure Sword School.”

Qin Yu calmly listens to Fengyuzi.

“In fact, the Pure Wind Island is just one of the few ordinary immortal islands that are very close to the Qian Long continent. The farther from the shore an immortal island is, the larger it is and the more powerful its schools become. And no one knows how many millions of li to the south of the Qian Long continent, there is the center of the Overseas Immortal Islands -- the Penglai Immortal Region. Consisting of several hundred huge immortal islands, it has a great number of schools and tens of thousands of Xiuzhen experts ...” Fengyuzi slowly explains.

“I’m really ashamed that I have never been to this Penglai Immortal Region even though it’s very famous. After all it’s too far while I’m too weak. Heaven knows how long it will take me to fly to that place. Also, there will be many dangers on the way. Perhaps before I can reach it I’ll have already had an accident.” Fengyuzi says with a sigh.

An outline of the Overseas Immortal Islands quickly appears in Qin Yu’s mind.

In the boundless ocean in the south, there is an immortal island over 100,000 li away from the Qian Long continent. There are also a myriad of islands in other places of the southern ocean. Quite a few of these islands have been occupied by Xiuzhen schools. And the center of the Overseas Immortal Islands -- the Penglai Immortal Region -- is located no one knows how many millions of li to the south of the Qian Long continent.

“Uncle Feng, you mentioned the Devil Islands just now. What are they?” Qin Yu asks again.

Fengyuzi says smilingly: “The Devil Islands is the name of the islands occupied by Xiumoists, who are different from Xiuxianists. In order to achieve ascension, Xiumoists stop at nothing. They even dare to use vicious methods such as consuming other people’s jindans and yuanyings.”

“Consuming jindans and yuanyings?” Qin Yu’s eyes pop out of his head.

Fengyuzi says very indignantly: “That’s right. Xiumoists are so vicious. They kill other Xiuzhenists and consume other people’s jindans and yuanyings to improve their own power. They are real lowlifes.”

Hearing this Qin Yu feels deeply ashamed.

On the way back from the Wilderness, he and Xiao Hei actually absorbed quite a few jindans. In the battle not long ago, because Xiang Yang’s yuanying self-destructed, Qin Yu even complained that it was such a waste of the yuanying. But it turns out this technique of consuming jindans and yuanyings is widely used by Xiumoists.

“In general, Xiuzhen is divided into 3 main types, Xiuxian, Xiumo and Xiuyao. Xiuxian pays attention to quietude and inactivity. Xiumo cares about supreme power. Xiuyao ... let’s not talk about Xiuyao for the moment. Xiao Yu, you must remember to run away when encountering Xiumoists. Most of them are very cruel and bloodthirsty. It’ll be terrible if your jindan is eaten up by other people.” Fengyuzi warns.

Qin Yu secretly smiles: “Cruel and bloodthirsty? Who knows whose jindan will be eaten up? Plus, I don’t have a jindan.”

Qin Yu’s practice method is different from the other methods. He is not Xiuxian, Xiumo or Xiuyao.

“In the boundless southern ocean, there are islands occupied by Xiuxian schools but there are also islands occupied by Xiumo schools. Over 100 islands near the Penglai Immortal Region have even formed the center of the Devil Islands -- the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon. It and the Penglai Immortal Region are equally well-known. These 2 powers have struggled against each other very fiercely.” Fengyuzi keeps introducing.

Qin Yu has become clear about the Overseas Immortal Islands.

“Xiao Yu, you should know that the biggest power in the boundless ocean isn’t Xiuxianists or Xiumoists! It’s not the Penglai Immortal Region or the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon.” Fengyuzi’s expression has become serious.

Qin Yu is startled.

“The biggest power is Xiuyaoists!” Fengyuzi says very affirmatively. “What is the largest thing in the boundless ocean? It’s not the islands, but the waters. There are various kinds of marine demonic beasts in the boundless waters. The deeper you go down into the ocean, the stronger the demonic beasts you’ll encounter!”

Qin Yu is astonished in his heart.

The ocean is immense but the entire waters are the territory of demonic beasts so Xiuyaoists are indeed the greatest power here.

“The water’s pressure increases with its depth. Ordinary Xiuxianists and Xiuyaoists basically can’t withstand the terrifying water pressure after a depth of several to 10 km. But there are some frightening demonic beasts that can live under such high pressures.”

“Xiao Yu, remember, demonic beasts in the overseas waters are extremely fearsome. The entire boundless waters are the territory of these demonic beasts. No one knows the location of their headquarters, but both the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon and the Penglai Immortal Region have confirmed one thing -- demonic beasts are the greatest power.”

In fact, Fengyuzi has only heard about these things, but they are what every school in the Overseas Immortal Islands has been emphasizing to its disciples.

“In the depths of the ocean, there are many treasures. The deeper it is, the more treasures there are, but the water pressure increases with depth. Not even Xiuyao experts can go deeper than several tens km down into the ocean. No one can imagine how many treasures there actually are at those depths.” Fengyuzi’s eyes glitter.

Obviously he is imagining the treasures at the deepest parts of the ocean.

“Once I have enough power, I’ll definitely dive deep into the ocean to explore it.” Qin Yu cannot help making a decision.

......

This nightlong talk has enabled Qin Yu to know a lot about the boundless overseas waters. In the Overseas Immortal Region, there are a great number of Xiuzhenists and Xiumoists, but the demonic beasts underwater outnumber even them.

They can kill each other for treasures.

The surface area of the Overseas Immortal Islands is enormous. There are even islands as large as the Chu kingdom, but these islands are a common sight in the ocean. And the Penglai Immortal Region is made up of several hundred such islands.

It is extremely large, even larger than the whole Qian Long continent.

The Penglai Immortal Region, the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon and the demonic beasts’ unfathomably mysterious headquarters form the entire overseas Xiuzhen world. And no one knows how many treasures there are in the depths of the ocean.

******

A half year later, Qin Zheng officially ascends to the throne, abolishing the Chu dynasty and creating the Qin dynasty. He becomes Qin Ming Huang. The Qin clan has discussed a lot about the name of the new dynasty. There were people who thought that it would not be a good idea to reuse the name of the Qin dynasty 1000 years before.

In the end Qin De resolved the problem with a few words.

“True is false and false is true. In any case, our surname is Qin so it’s appropriate to create the Qin dynasty. Also, since we’ve totally controlled the 12 counties, if the Han dynasty and Ming dynasty want to fight us, let’s see if they have enough power.”

Thus the decision to establish the Qin dynasty was made.

After taking revenge, Qin De no longer wants to run about. Fengyuzi is basically an idle person too. The both of them therefore continue to practice in peace on the Qian Long continent, leaving all of the Qin dynasty’s important affairs to Qin Zheng.

......

Qin De, Fengyuzi, Qin Ming Huang Qin Zheng, Qin Feng, and Xu Yuan have gathered in Yan City.

“Father, big brother, 2nd brother, Uncle Xu, Uncle Feng, you don’t need to see me off.” Qin Yu says smilingly to the close relatives before him. Xiao Hei is waving his wings on one side, seeming excited because of the journey that will happen very soon.

Qin De takes a step forwards and says while looking at Qin Yu: “Yu’er ... the Xiuzhen world is very dangerous. Your Uncle Feng couldn’t adapt to that kind of environment so he came to the Qian Long continent. You must be careful and pay a lot of attention to other people, and shouldn’t treat other people with too much sincerity.”

Qin De knows his son very well. What he fears the most is that Qin Yu will be too sincere to other people only to get betrayed by them.

“Don’t worry, father. I know what I should do.” Qin Yu says with a nod.

He then walks up to Qin Feng and Qin Zheng, saying: “Big brother, 2nd brother, please take good care of father for me.” Qin Feng’s and Qin Zheng’s eyes are filled with unwillingness. Even though they knew long ago that this day would come, they still find it very unbearable.

“Xiao Yu.”

Qin Feng, Qin Zheng and Qin Yu hug each other. The 3 brothers only loosen their embraces after a long time.

Qin Yu suddenly takes a deep breath. He continuously steps backwards and says to the others: “Ha-ha, it’s really hard to say goodbye. Farewell, father, big brother, 2nd brother, Uncle Feng, Uncle Xu.” He then turns around abruptly.

“Xiao Hei, let’s go!” Qin Yu says loudly. Immediately afterwards, he pierces through the air. While in the sky, he takes a look at his close relatives on the ground. Then, suppressing his attachment, he speeds up, flying south.

At the same time, an extremely resounding eagle cry rises. Xiao Hei also soars into the sky with spread wings.

A man and an eagle head south directly this way. In only a moment, they have already become 2 black points on the southern horizon.

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei’s journey into the Xiuzhen world has finally begun. What will be waiting for them?

End of b4c27.

End of book 4.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Book 5: The Blood-red Cave

B5C1: Drifting

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei fly south extremely fast, leaving cities, mountain ranges, prairies and lakes on the ground behind them one after another. A huge forest then appears before their eyes out of the blue.

“Xiao Hei, come down with me.” Qin Yu suddenly uses holy sense communication.

Xiao Hei immediately stops flying and asks doubtfully: “Big brother, now we shouldn’t be far from the southern waters of the Qian Long continent. Why do you want to go into this forest instead of keeping flying?” He does not understand what Qin Yu wants to do.

“Ha-ha, you don’t understand this, right?” Smiling broadly, Qin Yu explains: “Do you know the distance between the Overseas Immortal Islands and the Qian Long continent?”

“I don’t know, but it shouldn’t be very long.” Xiao Hei looks doubtfully at Qin Yu. He still does not understand what the distance between the Overseas Immortal Islands and the Qian Long continent has to do with Qin Yu going into this forest exactly.

Qin Yu says with a smile: “Let me tell you, the nearest overseas immortal island is 100-odd thousand li from here, and the Penglai Immortal Region is even millions of li away. The enormousness of this ocean is basically not something you can imagine. Since the distance is so long, if we always fly on the ocean, it’ll be very boring.”

“Big brother, what do you mean?” Xiao Hei suddenly understands a bit.

“Let’s make a large ship and put it in the spatial ring. While wandering on the ocean, when we are bored, we’ll take it out and fish, or sunbathe, or enjoy the ocean’s winds on it. Flying all the time will be boring, right?” Qin Yu wants to make good preparations for a long-term wandering.

As a Xiuzhenist, his lifespan is almost limitless, thus he does not care about his time. And drifting on the ocean experiencing adventures is also a form of practice.

Xiao Hei becomes excited at once: “Very good. Since this forest is so big, there must be huge trees here. Let’s find some quickly.” After saying, he simply does not wait for Qin Yu and dives down into the immense forest himself.

Qin Yu also dives down with a smile.

After entering this enormous forest, he and Xiao Hei discover that it has no traces of human presence and is thickly grassed over and wooded. Obviously this forest is a very ancient one.

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei go through the forest extremely fast, not worrying about its so-called wild beasts in the slightest. They only need to send out their auras a little and none of those wild beasts will dare to approach them.

“Ah, there’s a very thick redwood over there.” Xiao Hei suddenly says using his holy sense.

Qin Yu has also quickly detected that redwood, which is about 10-odd meters in diameter and can be considered relatively large in this ancient forest. But he says with a sigh: “Too bad, there were so many big trees in the Wilderness, but we never thought about chopping down one to make a ship.”

There were no traces of human presence in the Wilderness for millions of years so those ancient trees had reached 70 to 80 m in diameter, and there were even some trees whose diameters had reached 100 m, which was simply very astonishing. This is the 1st ancient forest that Qin Yu and Xiao Hei have gone into since leaving the Wilderness, but even so those trees that have reached 100 m in diameter are nowhere to been seen.

“Big brother, this forest is still within the boundaries of the 3 big kingdoms. Even though there are no traces of human presence here, some Xiantian experts could’ve gone through it. Those extremely large trees are treasures so they must’ve been chopped down long ago.” Xiao Hei says powerlessly.

Qin Yu however is not willing to stop searching. A tree that is 10-odd meters in diameter is not small, but it is still far from what he wants.

“This forest is also very large. Let’s keep going through it to find a bigger tree.” Qin Yu makes a decision. Xiao Hei does not object to it and continues to fly extremely fast with him. As this man and this eagle travel, they use their holy senses to search carefully for an even larger tree.

There are only a few Xiuzhenists on the whole Qian Long continent so it is extremely rare to see Xiuzhenists who use their holy senses in search of a tree like this.

In a short while Qin Yu and Xiao Hei have already covered 100 li, during which the largest tree Qin Yu has been able to detect was only about 20 m in diameter. He and Xiao Hei therefore keep searching.

To them, going 700 to 800 li across this forest is not considered far at all.

“Ah, Xiao Hei, there’s an exceptionally large tree 6 km ahead of us.” Qin Yu becomes excited.

“An exceptionally large tree? How large is it?” Xiao Hei is also surprised. How large must that tree be to be able to amaze and excite Qin Yu? This forest is not one in the Wilderness so, even if there is a bigger tree, how large can it be?

In only a short while, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei have already come close to that big tree.

“Wow, it’s like a huge wall.” Xiao Hei says in amazement using his holy sense. Qin Yu’s face is also full of excitement. This dark red old tree is surrounded by sinuous branches and looks as if it is carved out of rock. Obviously it is extremely hard.

The diameter of this old tree is even more shocking -- about 50 m --, which makes the tree look like a wall. Even though it cannot compare with some old trees in the Wilderness, a tree like this is still extremely difficult to come by outside the Wilderness.

“Good, let it be this tree. It’s already thick enough.” Qin Yu nods in satisfaction. The Flaming Sword then immediately flies out from his body and sends forth an indistinct and extremely long stream of stellar energy.

This stream of stellar sword energy is 10-odd meters long. Even though the old tree is extremely hard, it is still far from being able to withstand the sword energy.

Qin Yu smilingly points with a hand and the Flaming Sword instantly cuts through the tree’s base. It is 50 m in diameter but, under the power of the sword energy, it is cut off completely in just a moment. Afterwards, the huge tree falls with a loud noise, knocking down several tens other large trees.

Whizz! Whizz! Whizz! ......

The stellar sword energy easily removes the branches of the tree. This old tree is 300 to 400 m in length but an overly long tree is useless to Qin Yu so he cuts away the 200 m long part of the trunk that is thickest. He then starts making a ship carefully.

The way he makes the ship is very simple.

First he slices off all of the tree bark, leaving a smooth tree trunk. Having seen ships before, he cuts the trunk in half and casually picks out one part. He then carves a hole that is 30 m wide and 80 m long into it. This is the place to sleep and rest.

“Ha-ha, with some casual defensive restrictive spells, this ship will be stronger than some large ships in defense.” Qin Yu laughingly sets up some defensive restrictive spells on the ship. He believes that it will not fall to pieces even when facing a hurricane.

Xiao Hei spits out his holy awl and uses it to carve some simple patterns on the ship as decorations. A ship has been created so simply.

“Well, very good, very not bad.” Xiao Hei looks at his carvings very satisfactorily.

Qin Yu grabs this quickly-made ship. With a thought, he sucks it into his spatial ring directly. Only his Menghuan ring can contain such a large ship. As for that storage bracelet, its space is too small.

“Xiao Hei, let’s go.”

Qin Yu laughs out loud and soars into the sky directly. Xiao Hei also flies up right after him. Having created a large ship, they are very excited. Making something personally step by step feels totally different from buying something.

They immediately accelerate. Qin Yu is standing on the Flaming Sword while Xiao Hei has also sped up by several times. Even though Qin Yu is not using the Body Weapon Unification technique and Xiao Hei is not using the Passing Lightning Flashing Nine Times, their speeds are still extremely fast.

After a half day, they finally reach the southern waters of the Qian Long continent.

Two beams of light land on the seashore and turn into a man and an eagle. As they take a look at the endless ocean, they cannot help feeling an intense pleasure. The blue ocean is refracting the sunlight into various colors such as azure and light purple, looking really very beautiful.

“Ah, compared to this area of water, the Qian Long continent is really nothing. The difference in size between them is too great.” Qin Yu cannot help saying emotionally while looking at the boundless ocean. “At first sight, the ocean seems to be very calm, but who knows how many undercurrents are surging in its depths, how many demonic beasts exist in it, and how many immortal islands and devil islands there are in the distance?”

Xiao Hei is very excited as well: “Wow, Xiuxianists, Xiumoists, all kinds of demonic beasts, and perhaps some treasures too, even imagining them alone makes me excited. Big brother, don’t think too much, let’s go.”

After saying, he spreads his wings and flies straight towards the boundless ocean. Qin Yu gives a laugh. A heroic spirit surges uncontrollably in his heart: “The boundless ocean, this is the world of Xiuzhenists.” His body also rushes towards the endless ocean like lightning.

A child who is collecting shells on the beach watches a man and an eagle fly towards the boundless ocean in stupefaction. After just a moment, this man and this eagle disappear from the horizon.

“Well, my eyes must’ve been dazzled. How can a human fly? And even fly so fast?” The child rubs his eyes then looks around carefully. But his surroundings are still quiet, as if that man and that eagle have never appeared.

“Well, looks like my eyes were really dazzled.” The child laughs then continues to play with those shells.

Today, Qin Yu, the Qian Long continent’s unprecedented genius, who is comparable to a late Jindan-stage expert at the age of only 20, the younger brother of the newly-established Qin dynasty’s emperor, Prince Yu of the Qin dynasty, has left the Qian Long continent this way.

In the last 20 years, he has helped the Qin clan exterminate the Xiang clan, unify the Chu kingdom and create the Qin dynasty.

A Xiuzhenist has an almost limitless lifespan so 20 years is just like a blink of an eye. What is going to happen to him in the several decades, several centuries and several millennia afterwards?

......

In the boundless ocean,

“Ha-ha, it feels so good.” Qin Yu is going by treading on the surging waves, brandishing his hands between them. He is currently wearing the clothes that Lei Wei forged in the past, with a pair of pants on the lower half of his body and only a black sleeveless undershirt on his upper body. The muscles of his body’s upper half totally stand out.

At the moment Qin Yu is full of vitality. He is treading the waves freely, looking wild like a sea god.

“Ha!” He suddenly makes a wave of his hand. Many huge streams of water unexpectedly start to move around his body like the energy streams that appeared when he was practicing the Trans-Heaven 3 Diagrams in the past. However these water streams are 10 times thicker than the energy streams before and the area encircled by them is also 10 times larger.

With the water streams moving around his body, Qin Yu is expressing his feelings wantonly.

All of a sudden he reaches out a hand and a big fish that weighs 10-odd jin floats up. Using only telekinesis, he has caught a big fist just like that.

“Xiao Hei, prepare to roast fish.”

He says laughingly to Xiao Hei in the sky. Then, with a wave of his hand, a huge object suddenly appears on the surface of the ocean. It is none other than their large wooden ship, which is 200 m long and is 50 m wide. Defensive restrictive spells have been set up on this ship so perhaps not even one of the 3 big kingdoms’ ships can compare with it in defense.

“Roast fish, wow, very good.” Xiao Hei dives down and lands directly on the deck.

With a jump, Qin Yu immediately gets on board from the ocean’s surface. He then goes directly into the center of the ship. This ship’s cabin is 30 m wide, 80 m long and 10 m deep. There are many things in the cabin such as waterbeds, a grill, fishing rods, and so on, which have been taken out from Lei Mountain House.

When wandering the universe Lei Wei enjoyed himself a lot so he naturally had these things. Qin Yu therefore has put them in the cabin of this ship.

“This grill master set up is really ...” Qin Yu keeps praising highly. To be exact, this grill is similar to an Eight Diagrams Furnace that is used to forge weapons. It is even much more complex than an Eight Diagrams Furnace.

If the Stellar Flame is used to roast ordinary foods directly, the foods will definitely be burnt to ashes, and therefore this special grill was made. Its various restrictive spells can alter the strength of the Stellar Flame to achieve a suitable temperature.

“Big brother, frankly, the Qian Long continent’s spices are much inferior to the many spices your master left behind.” Xiao Hei says to Qin Yu while staring at the fish that is being roasted in the grill with glittering eyes.

Qin Yu has to admit this point. Lei Wei indeed had many spices, some of which were even mixed up by him personally. Many foods taste much better when those spices are added to them.

Chi chi ~~~

The fat of the roast fish comes out all over. Xiao Hei is about to drool, but he must wait until the optimal temperature is attained.

“All right.” Qin Yu cuts the fish in half directly. He and Xiao Hei each take a half of this 10-odd jin big fish then start to eat it very happily. They eat up such a large fish but their stomachs do not change at all.

Suddenly --

Bang!

The ship shakes.

“What’s going on?” Qin Yu immediately makes a sweep using his holy sense. He then bursts out laughing: “These sharks unexpectedly want to destroy my ship. Too bad, it’s very hard.” With defensive restrictive spells set up on it, this ship is really not something that these sharks can destroy.

He suddenly gives a smile: “But you have to pay a price for hitting my ship.”

Like an eagle with spread wings, he immediately flies out of the cabin. Making a push against the deck using his feet, he dives into the ocean. There are several tens sharks around the ship at the moment. Qin Yu quickly detects the leader of these sharks. With a jump he gets on this shark and grabs its fin directly. Feeling that someone is sitting on it, the shark starts to move like crazy at once, alternating between swimming underwater and jumping into the air.

“Behave!”

Qin Yu exerts the strength of his legs, pressing the shark to the point where it begins to cry miserably. At the same time, his stellar energy rushes through the shark’s entire body. Feeling that Qin Yu is formidable, the shark stops resisting in an instant.

“This is good. Go ahead for me.”

Qin Yu rides the leading shark forwards. The other sharks follow him on one side. Xiao Hei also steers the ship to follow him on one side. Under Qin Yu’s control, this shiver of sharks continuously goes south. Xiao Hei then starts to fish. After all, roast fish taste really very good.

End of b5c1.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C2: The underwater world of demonic beasts

It has been a half month since the journey on the boundless ocean began. During the last half month, sometimes Qin Yu flew on the sword, sometimes he trod on the waves and sometimes he rested on the big ship. He and Xiao Hei have only come across several islands in a half month and they were merely ordinary small islands with no traces of human presence.

It is still very far from the Overseas Immortal Islands.

“Xiao Hei, why do you want to learn angling with me? Won’t it be faster if you come directly into the water and catch fish?” Qin Yu lies down on the deck and enjoys the ocean winds as he pleases. But there is a fishing rod beside him. A stream of stellar energy is connecting his fingers with the fishing rod.

As soon as there is a sign of a fish, he can easily pull it out of the water.

A dark golden stream of energy comes out from Xiao Hei’s body and is attached directly to a fishing rod. Xiao Hei has unexpectedly been fishing with a rod as well. Hearing Qin Yu’s question, he says using his holy sense: “Then why are you angling, big brother? Won’t it also be faster if you come into the ocean to catch fish?”

“The mood, angling is to enjoy the mood. The mood, do you understand?” Qin Yu says smilingly.

Xiao Hei uses holy sense communication: “The mood, angling is to enjoy the mood! Hah, so simple, who wouldn’t understand this reason? Could it be you haven’t noticed that I’m enjoying the mood too?” Xiao Hei even waves his wings proudly.

“...” Qin Yu does not know what to say.

After a short while,

“The mood my arse, I haven’t been able to catch even a single fish.” Xiao Hei becomes impatient and throws his fishing rod directly into the cabin. Then, with a shake of his wings, he dives into the ocean like an arrow that is leaving a bow. In a little while, he flies back onto the deck with each of his sharp claws holding a fish.

Xiao Hei gloats: “Big brother, take your time enjoying the mood. I’ll go make some grilled fish.”

As Xiao Hei is very intelligent, after seeing Qin Yu use the grill, he has totally understood how to use it too and therefore now he is going to grill the fish himself. Qin Yu has nothing to say. Suddenly, his fishing rod shakes. He hurriedly lifts it up with a grab. With a ‘hey’ sound, he pulls a fish out of the water.

“Ha-ha, such a big fish.”

Angling feels much more enjoyable than catching fish directly does. In a happy mood, Qin Yu fetches the fish and conveniently throws it straight into a vat that is specifically used to store fish in the cabin. Xiao Hei looks at the fish then looks at Qin Yu.

“Hmm ... why can’t I catch fish with a fishing rod?” He really does not want to accept this. Of course, he will not tell Qin Yu about this thought. Instead, he feigns a disdainful expression: “Isn’t it just catching a fish with a rod? What’s there to be proud of? How can it possibly be as fast as me grasping fish?”

Hearing Xiao Hei’s voice through his holy sense, Qin Yu cannot help getting astounded: “Xiao Hei, I’m not proud of this at all. Could it be ... you’re jealous of me?”

......

Luckily Qin Yu can chat with Xiao Hei. Otherwise he would only be able to pass time by practicing. This one day, after enjoying a sumptuous dinner, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei begin to meditate and rest in the cabin.

It is already dark. The ocean looks terrifying in the dark. With apparently not the slightest amount of light in sight, the only thing that is surrounding them is the surging ocean.

However, to Qin Yu and Xiao Hei, the billowing ocean is not a danger at all because it is actually very simple for them to tread on the waves, not to mention such an easy thing to do as flying.

The inside of the cabin is very quiet at the moment. Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are slowly practicing. An indistinct light silvery nebula is flickering in Qin Yu’s vicinity while various flashes of lightning are moving around on the surface of Xiao Hei’s body.

Suddenly --

Qin Yu’s ears slightly move. He immediately opens his eyes and jumps onto the deck from inside the cabin. Staring south into the distance, he cannot help getting startled: “Good Heavens, so high, so big!”

“Big brother, what’s happened?” Xiao Hei has also come out of the cabin. As soon as he takes a look south, he is stupefied too.

He only sees huge waves that are 100 m high moving north nonstop in the south like a large army. There are even frightening cyclones behind the waves. Those cyclones are covering a very large area. At least Qin Yu can see at a glance that several hundred li in the south is full of cyclones.

“Big brother, should we go through the waves to have some fun, eh?” Xiao Hei says via his holy sense.

Looking at the huge waves in the distance, Qin Yu cannot help feeling his heart beating faster. He says audaciously: “All right, but this ship has to be put away first. If it gets lost in such big waves, it’ll be very hard to find it back.” He then sucks the ship into his spatial ring at once.

“Whoa ~~~ let’s surf!” With a shake of his wings, Xiao Hei pierces through the air directly, rushing towards those huge waves along the surface of the ocean. He then spreads his wings and cuts straight through the waves very wildly like a knife.

“Xiao Hei, wait for me.”

Qin Yu also rushes towards those endless billows on the surface of the water. One huge wave after another is pushing north unceasingly. Eventually they crash into Qin Yu. With a bang, Qin Yu breaks through a billow directly, but it is immediately followed up by the 2nd billow.

When a huge wave that is over 100 m high strikes down, it creates a really deafening noise.

Qin Yu can only feel that he is being engulfed in explosions. However, Xiao Hei’s voice rises in his mind through holy sense communication: “Big brother, you’re too slow. Quickly catch up with me.”

“Don’t get cocky, brat.” Qin Yu’s entire body sometimes goes through the waves like a flash, sometimes flutters on the tops of the billows like a butterfly, and sometimes stands on the billows like a sea god. He is amusing himself as he pleases. He and Xiao Hei continue to go south for an indeterminately long period of time while the billows keep rushing north. They have totally come into the middle of the billows. Suddenly --

Qin Yu looks southwards in stupefaction.

“Good Heavens.”

He finally knows the main culprit that has been creating these endless billows. Those cyclones are strong but they still cannot shake him and Xiao Hei up. However, he finds the main cause of those immense cyclones and endless billows somewhat difficult to face head-on.

“Big brother, what’s that?”

Xiao Hei has flown up to Qin Yu. Both of them are looking southwards. At the moment, a huge maelstrom is spinning nonstop several tens li to the south of their location. The sky above the maelstrom is filled with dark clouds, which seem to be touching the ocean’s surface, and various thunderbolts are striking down continuously from them.

This enormous maelstrom keeps absorbing the thunderbolts from the sky and even creates a huge tornado above it. That sky-high tornado in turn has been causing the cyclones within a several hundred li radius of the maelstrom. Even though Qin Yu is very far from the tornado, he dares to confirm that he cannot resist the power of its rotation.

“Big brother, what should we do?” Xiao Hei seems not certain about being able to handle it either.

One man and one eagle only stand on the waves, looking at the terrifying maelstrom and tornado in the distance.

Qin Yu then opens his mouth, saying: “I’d like to beat this tornado, but ... I don’t want to become a toy for it. Once we’re pulled into it, we’ll definitely be spun to the point of dizziness then get sucked in by that maelstrom.”

“Then we ...” Xiao Hei looks at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu’s face relaxes into a smile: “Let’s dive down. It’s said that the underwater world is the territory of demonic beasts. Shouldn’t we experience it a bit?” Xiao Hei of course has no objection to this. Immediately afterwards, a man and an eagle dive down into the water.

As they go down, the water pressure gradually increases.

“Xiao Hei, you’re really formidable. They say that water isn’t suitable for birds to go into but you seem not to be affected by it at all.” Qin Yu says using his holy sense.

Xiao Hei says: “Big brother, the underwater world is only unsuitable for ordinary birds. Jindan-stage birds have already become Xiuyaoists so they naturally can go underwater. Plus, I’m not only a Jindan demonic beast, but also an extraordinary demonic beast.”

Since Xiao Hei and Qin Yu have talked to each other a lot, he also knows that he is not an ordinary demonic beast. How can ordinary demonic beasts possibly compare with him, who cannot transform into a human after going through the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation and, moreover, possesses hereditary memories?

Both Qin Yu and Xiao Hei have very strong bodies so the water pressure does not affect them much.

“It’s very quiet under the water indeed.” They dive down 1000 m without taking a break. At the moment, it is very quiet at a depth of 1000 m in the ocean. Various multicolored fish are swimming. Seemingly not afraid of Qin Yu and Xiao Hei in the slightest, they swim past them.

There are also small fish whose entire bodies radiate rays of light. Fish are the most commonly seen kind of animal in the ocean and Qin Yu and Xiao Hei usually encounter densely populated shoals of fish. But once in a while, they see other kinds of underwater animals as well.

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei keep diving down to a depth of 2000 m.

“What a large whale. It should be several hundred years old.” Looking at an over 100 m long huge whale that is swimming in the distance, Qin Yu cannot help getting startled inwardly. However, Xiao Hei beside him suddenly becomes excited.

Many flashes of lightning spread out from his body.

Qin Yu only feels his body get a shock. It turns out some flashes have reached him.

“Xiao Hei, what are you doing?” He immediately looks doubtfully at Xiao Hei, who however says in excitement via holy sense communication: “Big brother, this whale has a lot of life essence. There’s a method for absorbing blood and flesh in my hereditary memories.”

9 flashes of lightning then shoot out from the surface of Xiao Hei’s body and hit different parts of that huge whale squarely. With a miserable cry, that whale begins to shrink at a shocking speed. Various streams of blood essence continuously flow into Xiao Hei’s body along the 9 flashes of lightning.

Qin Yu’s eyes pop out of his head.

In just a short while, the blood essence of a 100 m long whale has been gobbled up completely. What that is left of the whale is only a layer of skin and its bones. Xiao Hei has just absorbed a whale but his stomach has unexpectedly remained unchanged. Qin Yu cannot imagine where so much blood essence of that 100 m long whale has gone.

“Wow, it felt really good to refine the blood essence and absorb the life essence of a Xiantian level whale. In terms of life essence, it wasn’t inferior to an ordinary Jindan demonic beast.” Xiao Hei praises highly.

Qin Yu is almost speechless.

“Xiao Hei, that whale was so big, how was it able to go down your stomach?” He looks at Xiao Hei.

Xiao Hei however says: “Big brother ... I didn’t eat it. I only absorbed its blood essence and refined its life essence. But ... absorbing blood essence and refining life essence are a special skill. According to my hereditary memories, not many demonic beasts can absorb the essence of flesh and blood like me.”

Qin Yu has nothing to say.

Not many demonic beasts can do this? No kidding? The Xiuzhen books he has read talk about demonic-beast-related matters, and according to them, demonic beasts are only said to be able to absorb jindans and yuanyings, and no one has ever heard of a demonic beast that can absorb the essence of flesh and blood.

“Big brother, do you want to learn it? I can teach you if you want.” Xiao Hei says to Qin Yu.

Qin Yu is startled.

“Ha-ha ... just kidding, this method of absorbing flesh and blood is only suitable for me. Also, it can only be executed with my Dark Lightning.” Xiao Hei says using his holy sense. Absorbing other demonic beasts’ flesh and blood is not something an ordinary demonic beast can do.

Only some unusual demonic beasts can have such a special skill.

A divine beast Hong Luan cannot use such a skill, but this does not mean that Xiao Hei is more formidable than a Hong Luan. A blood-red anaconda is not a divine beast but it can absorb flesh and blood. Xiao Hei having such a special skill only means that he is unusual.

“All right, let’s keep going down. We haven’t seen any formidable demonic beasts until now.” Xiao Hei says smilingly via his holy sense.

He then continues to dive down with Xiao Hei. On the way Xiao Hei absorbs 3 huge carnivores successively then stops. This is already his limit of absorption and he has to digest what he has taken in.

At a depth of 3000 to 4000 m, Qin Yu eventually discovers the 1st Jindan-stage demonic beast -- a blue shelled black turtle. As soon as that blue shelled black turtle sees him and Xiao Hei, it transforms into a human and goes away extremely fast at once, seemingly scared.

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei look at that fleeing blue shelled black turtle with eyes popping.

“Big brother, what’s going on? Why did he run away? We didn’t want to kill him.” Xiao Hei becomes doubtful. Just now he even tried to communicate with that blue shelled black turtle in a friendly manner using his holy sense.

Qin Yu also shakes his head.

He and Xiao Hei keep going down to a depth of nearly 5000 m. There are many demonic beasts at this depth. Sometimes they encounter a demonic beast, but as soon as a demonic beast that is weak notices them, it immediately runs away. The strangest thing is those weak demonic beasts unexpectedly do not flee when encountering strong demonic beasts.

It seems ... those weak demonic beasts are only afraid of Qin Yu and Xiao Hei.

This is strange, very strange.

“Ha-ha, where are those 2 fellas from? It looks like they don’t know any rules. I bet they won’t live more than a half day.” A late Jindan demonic beast in the distance says to another demonic beast. At this moment, both of them transform into humans.

These 2 demonic beasts do not avoid Qin Yu and Xiao Hei either. What they are saying via holy sense communication is even rising in Qin Yu’s and Xiao Hei’s minds.

“A half day? 2 foreign blokes, I bet they’ll die within 2 hours.” The other demonic beast in human form says disdainfully.

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei exchange a look. They both find this strange. What is actually going on?

“The others can bugger off! These 2 fellas are mine.” Suddenly a huge holy sense spreads out. The voice of that holy sense’s owner rises in the minds of all the other demonic beasts, and even of Qin Yu and Xiao Hei. Those few humanoid demonic beasts go away in an instant.

“No good.”

Qin Yu has realized that the situation is not good thanks to his holy sense. But it is already too late. In just a moment, 10-odd huge blue octopuses come at him and Xiao Hei from all sides, surrounding them. There is no way for them to escape. These blue octopuses have all unexpectedly reached the Jindan stage.

“Ha-ha ...” The voice a moment ago rises again. A huge red octopus appears. This one is 4 to 5 times bigger than the other 10-odd octopuses and has a much more terrifying aura. Its 8 tentacles are like aquatic dragons, looking very frightening.

Qin Yu’s and Xiao Hei’s faces change color at once.

That red octopus looks at them with blazing eyes, which flash with greediness!

End of b5c2.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C3: Mortal danger

Qin Yu’s and Xiao Hei’s faces have become very unpleasant to look at.

There are currently 16 blue octopuses surrounding them altogether. 12 of these octopuses are even in a formation. Various streams of demonic elemental energy have enfolded them in the center of the formation like a perfect net.

“12 Gates Encircling Formation.” Qin Yu’s heart skips a beat.

The 12 Gates Encircling Formation is no profound formation but the frightening thing is that its users at the moment are 12 Jindan stage octopuses. Octopuses have huge bodies and also, in general, extremely great amounts of demonic elemental energy. Even though these octopuses are only at the Jindan stage, they are much more fearsome than ordinary demonic beasts of the same power level.

When 12 Jindan stage octopuses join forces, even if without the enhancing effect of a formation, the sum of their personal Jindan-stage power alone will not be something that Qin Yu and Xiao Hei can defeat. Even worse, their power is being amplified by the formation.

“I never thought we’d get stuck in this place right after leaving home.” Qin Yu cannot help forcing a smile inwardly.

During this period of time, it has been very relaxing for him and Xiao Hei to drift and fool around on the ocean. However, he has only been on the surface of the ocean before. Now that he has come into contact with the real world of demonic beasts underwater, he knows that the path of Xiuzhen is not so easy to walk at all.

No wonder Fengyuzi has never dared to enter the ocean and said that the most fearsome power in the ocean is the underwater demonic beasts.

“Big brother, what now?” Xiao Hei hurriedly asks.

Qin Yu quickly tries to come up with a solution, but seeing that big formation, he is speechless.

A formation arranged by 12 Jindan stage octopuses is really not something they, a man and an eagle, can breach.

Qin Yu’s mind becomes ruthless: “I won’t let whoever wants to trouble me get off scot-free.” Even though he is sincere to his friends, one must remember that he used to be an assassin and therefore is really not soft-hearted.

“Big brother, 16 Jindan demonic beasts, and the 4 that aren’t in the formation have reached the late Jindan stage. But that red octopus is the most fearsome one. It should be at the Yuanying stage.” Xiao Hei’s voice has become ice-cold and is no longer as playful as it used to be.

“Since we can’t run, prepare to fight.”

The muscle power in the depths of Qin Yu’s entire body seems to be wakened up. He is going to go all out no matter what, because he is really not a coward who will be easy meat for other people. The Flaming Sword and Flaming Gloves are his most powerful weapons.

One man and one eagle lock their holy senses firmly onto the opponents in their surroundings. They do not dare to relax their concentration a little bit and is ready to attack at any moment.

Both of them can totally feel that this is a dangerous situation.

A mortal danger!

There are 12 Jindan stage octopuses in a 12 Gates Encircling Formation and 4 other late Jindan demonic beasts in its surroundings. At the same time, there is even a Yuanying stage red octopus, whose raging aura is being sent out nonstop.

Suddenly, the red octopus transforms into a human with a turn of his body.

He is now 2 m tall and dressed in a red robe, which is very large and seems to cover him in it completely. There is a faint smile on the mouth corners of this man, whose real form is the red octopus, at the moment.

Taking a greedy glance at Xiao Hei, he suddenly bursts out laughing: “Ha-ha ... who would’ve thought a Jindan stage bird would come into the ocean? Oh my, this is really suicide. Birds are weakened quite a lot under the water. I’m Sang Mo. Prepare to be killed by me.”

Xiao Hei stares at Sang Mo with his glittering sharp eyes. His aura is not weaker than his opponent’s a bit.

Sang Mo then looks at Qin Yu. As soon as he sees him, his eyes brighten: “Ah, this is unexpectedly a ... Xiuxianist. I’m really very lucky. Xiuxianists’ jindans and flesh are very pure. Absorbing them will be ... a real pleasure.”

Like a womanizer who has seen a beauty, this octopus called Sang Mo becomes very excited upon seeing Qin Yu. His saliva seems to be about to come out of his mouth.

“Oh? You said I’m a Xiuxianist?” Qin Yu asks laughingly.

Under the current situation, Qin Yu still does not seem nervous in the slightest, nor does he hurry to flee. Instead, he has even asked Sang Mo a question.

Sang Mo says in a friendly manner as if he has seen a lamb: “Oh, my delicacy, I can feel that your aura is different from a demonic beast’s. You must be a human. Moreover, the aura that your power gives off ...”

Sang Mo, who is covered in a red robe, suddenly says in a resounding voice: “... is burning hot. That blazing aura is so pure! Most Xiumoists’ auras are corrosive, evil and impure. Perhaps only the energy of top Xiumo schools’ disciples can be pure, but how can that kind of top school possibly have such a stupid disciple as you, who have even gone into the ocean?” He is not worried at all at the moment.

Within several tens thousand li of this place is his territory. Even if other experts came, they would not be able to compete against him, or else they would violate the rules. And once the rules are violated, then ...

Therefore Sang Mo is not worried a bit.

Qin Yu slightly frowns.

He remembers clearly that after he and Xiao Hei dived into the ocean, as soon as weak demonic beasts saw them, they ran away, but strong demonic beasts bet on the time of their deaths. All of these demonic beasts seemed to be able to quickly spot that he and Xiao Hei were outsiders.

“Diving into the ocean is stupid? Why?” He acts the fool. Moreover, he really does not know the reason of this.

“Looks like you’re really very naïve. But ... a man who dies unwillingly has very chewy flesh. I like to eat that kind of flesh the most. So, I won’t tell you tell you the reason. Ha-ha ... just prepare to die an unwilling death.”

Sang Mo’s sharp laughter comes out from inside the red robe. He then makes a wave of his hand.

“Father, I’ve never eaten a Xiuxianist. Tut-tut, I really want to get a taste of him. Could you give me just a leg?” A late Jindan-stage blue octopus on one side, which has turned into an evil-looking young man, says to Sang Mo.

After smacking his lips a couple of times, Sang Mo says unwillingly: “You little brat. Alright, I’ll give you a leg.” He is somewhat indulgent towards his son.

That evil-looking young man becomes excited at once: “This is really too good. Father, give me that eagle too, okay?”

“Sang Tu!” Sang Mo’s face darkens. A red beam of light shoots out from his eyes. “What I hate the most is ... the insatiable type. Though you’re my son, I’ve already given you a leg of a Xiuxianist, if you keep talking nonsense, don’t blame me for being ruthless.”

Immediately Sang Tu no longer dares to say anything. Once Sang Mo gets ruthless, even though he will not kill him, it will still be possible that he will throw him in jail for a hundred years or so.

Sang Mo looks at those 12 octopuses in the formation and gently makes a wave of his hand.

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei, who are being surrounded by the formation, have activated all of their power, ready to launch their most powerful attacks anytime.

“Big brother.” Xiao Hei’s voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind.

With his entire body emitting clack sounds, Qin Yu also uses holy sense communication: “Xiao Hei, there must be no mistakes in this fight. Prepare to go all out. After breaking out of the formation, we must rely on our speeds to run away. Even if only one of us can escape, that’ll be enough.” He is not confident that both he and Xiao Hei will escape.

“Screw them. Let’s go all out. Even if I have to die, I’ll take some of them with me.” Xiao Hei has become furious.

Suddenly --

“Netting.” Sang Mo gives an order with a very brilliant smile.

The 12 blue octopuses instantly channel their demonic elemental energy into their formation. That formation unexpectedly forms a net of energy, which comes straight at Qin Yu and Xiao Hei, trying to tie them up. At the same time, the 12 blue octopuses follow the net closely and attack them together.

These octopuses also know very well that, while the 12 Gates Encircling Formation is formidable in surrounding people, its offensive power is ordinary.

“Perhaps the joint force of 12 brats alone is enough to handle that Xiuxianist and that eagle.” By now Sang Mo has already planned ahead for everything, what is there for him to worry about? He is even a Yuanying-stage demonic beast and, moreover, an octopus, whose offense is extremely powerful.

Sang Mo is much more formidable than Xiang Yang even though both of them are early Yuanying stage experts.

A divine beast can easily kill 10 Xiuxianists who are at the same power level as it is. Sang Mo is not a divine beast, but he must be able to deal with 2 to 3 Xiuxianists of his power level.

“Xiao Hei!”

Qin Yu suddenly shouts loudly. At the same time, the Flaming Sword appears in his hand. He makes a slash at the energy net with it, but somehow the net unexpectedly is not cut open. However, Xiao Hei, who was shouted to by Qin Yu a moment ago, takes a swipe with an eagle claw.

Pu!

The energy net is shattered. Its energy scatters all around.

“Chirp ~~”

An extremely resounding eagle cry comes out from Xiao Hei’s mouth. Concurrently with that, he shoots up with a movement of his wings. An octopus gently swings its 8 huge long tentacles downwards and unexpectedly rushes up like a flash. At the same time --

It sweeps its tentacles, which are as thick as buckets, ferociously at Xiao Hei like huge whips. That octopus’s 8 tentacles are very powerful. Xiao Hei’s eyes glitter --

Pa!

2 flashes of lightning shoot out directly from his eyes and hit that octopus’s body. That octopus immediately gets a shock, but when Xiao Hei wants to run away, 5 to 6 other octopuses have already stood all around him.

Each of them has 8 tentacles as thick as buckets. Several tens such very nimble tentacles have completely surrounded Xiao Hei, leaving him no way out.

“In an unavoidable fight, the brave one wins. It’s time to go all out!”

Qin Yu clenches his teeth. His entire body turns into a whirlwind.

“Hah!”

Immediately after a loud shout by him, a miserable cry is heard. 3 tentacles have been cut off. Qin Yu is holding the Flaming Sword in a hand. Because this high-grade holy weapon is filled with stellar sword energy, even if the tentacle were more formidable, they would still not be able to withstand its attacks.

Sang Mo, who is watching the fight from a distance, gives several continuous cold laughs: “3rd bro, you go play with him a bit.”

“Yes, big brother.”

There are 4 late Jindan stage blue octopuses beside Sang Mo at the moment. One of them is his son and the others 3 are his brothers. He already noticed long ago that this man and this eagle had not reached the Yuanying stage.

“Cut off my tentacles, die.”

A sharp voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind through holy sense communication. The octopus whose 3 tentacles were severed by Qin Yu a moment ago is brandishing its other 5 tentacles like crazy. At the same time, a black air stream suddenly rushes out from it. In an instant, the air stream has already covered several hundred meters.

“Poisonous!”

Qin Yu holds his breath at once, but that black poisonous air unexpectedly can enter his body through his pores. In just a moment, Qin Yu feels a numbing sensation in the places that have been permeated into by it. He immediately channels his stellar energy forcefully, stopping all of the poisonous air.

Bang!

When he has just hurriedly stopped the poisonous air, a terrifyingly powerful force smashes into his waist squarely. His whole body is sent flying uncontrollably. At the same time, several tentacles continuously hit him with loud bangs, basically giving him no time to adjust to the situation. He is smashed back and forth like a sandbag.

Using a Flaming Glove, Qin Yu violently makes a grab at a tentacle and tears it apart directly. Then, making use of the force, he dodges to one side with a swaying movement of his body to get a peaceful moment. Blood is oozing from his mouth. He spits the blood inside his mouth out, his eyes glittering with coldness.

“Screw you, a bunch of eight-armed bastards.”

Qin Yu’s body is very strong and has been trained to the point where it is comparable to holy weapons. In addition to that, the clothes he is wearing can absorb more than half of the offensive force, so he has not suffered any serious injuries. By now Xiao Hei has also been surrounded by 7 or 8 octopuses.

The number of octopuses surrounding Qin Yu starts to increase. Their tentacles are swung at him nonstop. Sometimes there is even demonic elemental energy moving around on the tentacles.

“There are too many tentacles.” With a shake of his body, he evades one wave of attacks, but it is immediately followed up by the smashes of 6 or 7 tentacles. The octopuses’ frightening demonic elemental energy keeps surging forth bombarding him as well. For the moment Qin Yu is like a small fish in a net.

His holy sense has been expanded to the utmost. He is totally aware of the overall situation.

Xiao Hei is currently also in a tight corner. His flashes can only numb these demonic beasts for a while at best. His Flaming Lightning is capable of killing one demonic beast, but how can he possibly shoot out several streams of Flaming Lightning? Even though he has other special skills, all of them require him to put his life on the line to execute.

“That Yuanying demonic beast hasn’t got into action yet. If I don’t go all out again, there’ll be no hope of escaping.” The corners of Qin Yu’s eyes slightly tremble. His eyes also begin to redden. In just a moment, the energy inside his body has reached its limit.

“Xiao Hei, get ready to use the Passing Lightning Flashing Nine Times.”

Qin Yu’s voice suddenly rises in Xiao Hei’s mind. Hearing this, Xiao Hei however says using his holy sense: “Big brother, I’m being surrounded by several tens tentacles. How can I use the Passing Lightning Flashing Nine Times?” He is deeply distressed. But, as soon as he finishes saying, a scene that shocks him takes place.

Boom!

Seeing that scene, Xiao Hei totally understands that Qin Yu is using the Stellar Field. The stellar energy, which is moving extremely fast, forms a huge nebula around Qin Yu, increasing the speed of his entire body by almost 10 times in an instant.

“Break, break, break!!!”

His body moves like a flash. He simply does not attack Sang Mo. Instead, he rushes towards Xiao Hei. Using the Flaming Sword, he cuts off the tentacles that get on his way like crazy, totally disregarding their smashes on his body.

Even though blood spurts from the severed tentacles, it still cannot block his vision. He stares at Xiao Hei, shouting loudly: “Xiao Hei, run!”

After this one act by Qin Yu, the original 10-odd octopuses have become totally confused. Xiao Hei immediately comes to his senses. He performs the Passing Lightning Flashing Nine Times technique, rushing upwards extremely fast. Following this, Qin Yu is ready to run for his life on his flying sword too.

Suddenly --

Bang!

A bulky tentacle smashes into his body squarely with a terrifying force that is much more powerful than those of the previous attacks. Qin Yu’s entire body gets a shock as if struck by lightning. Blood spouts from his mouth like water.

“Big brother!!!” With a shake of his wings, Xiao Hei unexpectedly rushes back.

End of b5c3.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C4: Goodbye, Xiao Hei!

“Humph, you 2 even want to run away?” A huge red octopus is floating on one side of Qin Yu. While the other blue octopuses have tentacles that are over 10 m long, this red octopus has shocking tentacles that are 40 to 50 m long.

With a light flashing on its body, the red octopus turns into a human again.

“Tut-tut, taking a smash by me without dying, you unexpectedly have some skills.” Sang Mo looks mockingly at Qin Yu. At this moment, the other octopuses transform into humans too. Just now so many of them got their tentacles cut off by Qin Yu, but after turning into humans, their 4 limbs are totally undamaged.

A trait of these octopuses is that their severed tentacles can still regrow. This has nothing to do with their power levels and is just a characteristic of the octopus family. By contrast, once a divine beast Dragon Rocky lion gets a limb cut off, unless it can achieve ascension, this limb will never grow back to normal.

“3rd bro, just now I let you get into action but who would’ve thought you wouldn’t even be able to touch him?” Sang Mo is very dissatisfied.

That 3rd brother says in a terrified manner at once: “Big brother, it couldn’t be helped. A moment ago, when I was ready for action, that Xiuzhenist’s speed suddenly increased by over 10 times. He was terrifyingly fast so I simply couldn’t catch up with him. Luckily you eventually intervened.”

Sang Mo says with a ‘humph’ sound: “Forget it. That brat’s speed is indeed strangely fast. In the end I had to rely on my true form plus the length of my tentacle to overtake him. In terms of body speed, I’m equal to him at most.”

Qin Yu however is secretly astonished.

Just now he was using the Stellar Field. Had it been a normal situation, he simply would not have been able to match Sang Mo’s speed.

“It looks like it’s really extremely hard to escape.” Qin Yu keeps considering in his mind, totally ignoring his body’s injuries.

Qin Yu has been injured very badly, but thanks to the various clear streams that are moving through his whole body nonstop, he is recovering at an astonishing speed. He believes that it will not take long for him to recover completely from the bodily injuries. However, he is still amazed by Sang Mo’s offensive force.

“Big brother.” Xiao Hei rushes to Qin Yu’s side, patting Qin Yu’s back with his wings.

Qin Yu turns around and takes a look at Xiao Hei. His face is full of anger.

“Xiao Hei, why haven’t you run? Why?!?!?!” Qin Yu stares at Xiao Hei and rebukes using his holy sense. There is only anger in his heart at the moment. Despite being stared at by Qin Yu this way, Xiao Hei says: “Big brother, if you can’t run, we’ll die together.”

“Stupid!!!” Qin Yu suddenly scolds with a shout.

Xiao Hei is startled.

Qin Yu’s voice rises seriously in Xiao Hei’s mind through holy sense communication: “Remember, one of use must escape no matter what. Even if you want to die with me, you must wait until after taking revenge for me.” There is a note of fierceness in his voice.

He has never admitted defeat since age 8. What is one’s greatest enemy? It is himself!

Since the age of 8, Qin Yu has overcome himself time after time. He has never given up no matter what. As long as there is a glimmer of hope, he will never stop fighting. He is not afraid of death. What he is afraid of is to die such a pointless death.

“Ha-ha ...” He suddenly turns his face upwards, laughing out loud.

Sang Mo says coldly: “Why are you laughing?”

“I laughed at myself being too stupid.” The look in his eyes becomes blank. The pictures of what he has gone through for the last 20 years seem to flash by his eyes one after another. “I’d been drifting on the ocean in high spirits, ready to enjoy the Xiuzhen world’s hair-raising experiences, but then I dived into the ocean out of ignorance to explore the underwater world of demonic beasts. I’ve got a taste of its horrors. Pity this is perhaps the last time I’ve had this hair-raising feeling.”

Qin Yu says with a sigh.

Xiao Hei however secretly becomes suspicious. He knows very well that even in a dangerous situation Qin Yu will definitely keep on fighting till the end. But why is he talking in such a disheartened manner to the enemy? Xiao Hei’s intuition tells him that --

Something is going on!

“You’re very ignorant indeed. Not even Xiumoists and Xiuxianists dare to go deep into this boundless ocean at will. Only some high-level Xiuxianists or Xiumoists will dare to dive down. Even so, they’ll leave the deep parts very quickly.”

Sang Mo is sure that the Xiuxianist before him is seriously injured. A Xiuxianist must be extremely lucky to be able to survive an all-out swing of one of his true form’s tentacles. In the beginning, he was even worried that Qin Yu’s body would be smashed into pieces.

At the moment, seeing Qin Yu so demoralized, Sang Mo naturally becomes arrogant.

“The internal injuries have healed 90%. It’s already almost enough.” Qin Yu however is secretly calculating in his mind. Using his holy sense, he has located all of the opponents in his surroundings. After another mental simulation of his plan, he decides that there are no problems with it.

Qin Yu turns around, taking a look at Xiao Hei.

As Xiao Hei sees the look in Qin Yu’s eyes, his heart cannot help skipping a beat. He knows that Qin Yu has made a decision.

“Big brother, what do you want to do? Say it. Quickly tell me.” He says hurriedly.

Qin Yu says resolutely through his holy sense: “Xiao Hei, remember, if another opportunity to escape arises, you must grasp it. You must run away no matter what. Even if only one of us can escape, that’ll be enough. The one who’ll escape must take revenge for the other. If both of us can get away, that’ll be great. But if neither of us can escape, we’ll have to take some of them with us.”

Xiao Hei is startled. He can feel Qin Yu’s determination to risk his life.

Xiao Hei started to live with Qin Yu not long after he was born. A special telepathy developed between them long ago, which has since even enabled them to sense each other’s sentiments. It is really very mysterious.

“Don’t worry, big brother, I won’t disappoint you.”

Suddenly --

An eagle cry rises. At the same time, a frightening force surges forth from Xiao Hei’s body. He performs an act of spitting and a stream of Flaming Lightning shoots at Sang Mo extremely fast from his mouth. This stream of Flaming Lightning is different from those in the past because there is a mass of Dark Lightning in its center.

“Child’s play.”

Sang Mo makes a wave with a sleeve disdainfully. A red ribbon flies out from inside the sleeve and hits Xiao Hei’s stream of Flaming Lightning directly, which unexpectedly blazes all of a sudden. In just a moment, it has already burnt the ribbon up.

Sang Mo’s face changes color.

“Big brother, quickly run.” Xiao Hei’s voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind.

Qin Yu’s face changes color. Xiao Hei has unexpectedly acted earlier than he can. Too bad ... he knows that Xiao Hei’s plan is too simple, so simple that it has almost no chance of success. But he will not let Xiao Hei’s planning go to waste.

Whizz!

He stands on his flying sword, rushing south extremely fast.

“Want to run?”

2 late Jindan-stage octopuses brandish their 16 tentacles, blocking up the spaces in front and on one side of him. Well prepared, the other 2 late Jindan-stage octopuses have also completely blocked his other possible escape routes.

These octopuses prefer eating the body of a Xiuxianist to eating an eagle. Moreover, just now Qin Yu severed quite a few tentacles so they have a much deeper hatred for him than for Xiao Hei.

However, the stream of Flaming Lightning Xiao Hei shot has arrived at Sang Mo’s face.

With a fierce yell, Sang Mo suddenly turns into a huge red octopus. Various golden rays of light are unexpectedly flickering on his 40 to 50 m long tentacles. Taking a careful look, one will see that those tentacles are being covered in a holy-class suit of armor.

Boom!

Carrying a terrifyingly great amount of demonic elemental energy, those tentacles ruthlessly smash into that stream of Flaming Lightning, which subsequently disintegrates with a boom. But that flash of Dark Lightning unexpectedly flows to the surface of the holy weapon outside the tentacles like a liquid.

Chi chi ~~~

In only a short while, that holy suit of armor has been corroded. Sang Mo feels various acute pains at once. He instantly controls his internal demonic elemental energy to resist that strange dark flash of lightning, which is intensely corrosive.

“Neither of you can run!”

A deep voice that contains an extreme anger rises in Qin Yu’s and Xiao Hei’s minds through holy sense communication. Eight 40 to 50 m long tentacles sweep all around Xiao Hei like huge anacondas. A raging power is surging through each of the tentacles.

“Big brother.” Xiao Hei looks at the 8 tentacles encircling him then looks at Qin Yu, who is being surrounded by 4 huge late Jindan-stage octopuses, but he does not know what to say.

Qin Yu’s eyes flash with a hint of amusement. Even though it disappears like a flash, Xiao Hei is totally certain that he just saw a hint of amusement in Qin Yu’s eyes. It must have been caused by the success of his plan. Xiao Hei cannot help getting stupefied inwardly.

“Humph ~~~ you unexpectedly dared to destroy a middle-grade holy suit of armor of mine. I’m going to skin you alive then suck up all of your blood and shatter your soul.” Sang Mo’s deep voice rises in Qin Yu’s and Xiao Hei’s minds.

Xiao Hei makes a careful comparison between Sang Mo’s power and his own. In the end he finds out that even if he uses a desperate special skill, he will still be unable to defeat this early Yuanying-stage demonic beast, which is even 3 times as strong as Xiang Yang.

However, at the moment Qin Yu --

“Very good, this is the right moment.” A faint cold smile appears on the corners of his mouth. His holy sense and attention are totally locked onto that Sang Tu, who is also none other than Sang Mo’s son. At this moment, seemingly caring about his father’s business, Sang Tu unexpectedly turns his head to take a look.

The moment he looks away --

“Meteor Strike!”

Qin Yu’s entire body starts to spin. His hands are holding the Flaming Sword. His stellar energy begins to rotate according to a strange orbit. In only a moment, his whole body turns into an awl and the tip of the awl is the Flaming Sword.

“Sang Tu!”

Another late Jindan-stage octopus has realized what is going on, but Qin Yu is simply too fast for him to stop. He only has enough time to tell the other demonic beasts at the scene through holy sense communication and, therefore, they are also aware of what is happening.

“Sang Tu!” As Sang Mo takes a look, he only sees an indistinct spinning awl with the color of starlight directly shatter the head of the true form of his son, Sang Tu. A golden shaft of light then shoots straight southwards.

Sang Mo knows very well that that golden shaft of light is none other than a jindan!

Whose jindan is it?

Boom!

Sang Tu’s body falls onto the ground with a loud sound. Receiving such a fatal blow from Qin Yu while totally unprepared, he has died instantly. In fact, even if he had been prepared, he would not have been able to withstand that all-out strike.

Demonic beasts value their offspring even more than humans do.

Sang Mo is merciless and frosty but he has been very nice to his son. It was only because he killed some demonic beasts letting his son absorb their jindans that his son was able to reach the late phase of the Jindan stage and match his several brothers in power.

“Ah ~~~~”

A sharp deafening sound spreads out in all directions like waves. At the same time, with a violent downward shake of his 8 huge tentacles, Sang Mo immediately pierces through the water, chasing after Qin Yu like lightning.

Xiao Hei’s eyes pop out of his head.

“Xiao Hei, quickly run. This is your last chance. Don’t disappoint me. Otherwise ... I won’t close my eyes after death!” Qin Yu’s voice rises in Xiao Hei’s mind through holy sense communication.

In just a moment, Xiao Hei has totally understood.

A resounding eagle cry comes out from his mouth. It sounds extremely hurt, reluctant, bitter and grieved. However, Xiao Hei has no choice but to execute the Passing Lightning Flashing Nine Times rushing west.

At this moment the other octopuses comes to their senses. They want to chase after Xiao Hei, but --

“This eagle is unexpectedly also frighteningly fast like that Xiuxianist.” Seeing Xiao Hei’s speed, those late Jindan-stage octopuses deliberately give up chasing because they are merely half as fast as Xiao Hei. Only their big brother Sang Mo, who has reached the early phase of the Yuanying stage, can have a good chance of catching up with him.

“We don’t chase?” The 3rd brother looks at the 4th and 2nd brothers.

The 2nd brother rebukes: “Chase what? Sang Tu is already dead so big brother must’ve gone mad. We have to help him chase that Xiuxianist together. That eagle isn’t important. If that Xiuxianist escapes, you guys should be ready to take big brother’s fury.”

As soon as the 3rd brother and 4th brother think about Sang Mo’s temper, their hearts tremble.

“Let’s go.”

3 late Jindan-stage demonic beasts then rush south extremely fast as well.

At the moment Qin Yu is standing on his flying sword, using the Body Weapon Unification technique. His whole body is piercing through the water extremely fast like a speeding arrow or a flash. However, a red octopus, which is furious because of the death of his son a moment ago, is chasing closely after him. Every shake of his 8 tentacles is allowing him to flash through the water almost as fast as using teleportation.

Pu!

A tentacle smashes down. At the last moment, with a strange twist of his entire body, Qin Yu avoids this strike with difficulty. However, immediately afterwards, several tentacles smash down in quick succession. Qin Yu’s speed quickly decreases.

He clenches his teeth.

“Let’s leave it to my luck.” His entire body suddenly turns red, looking as if it is boiling, but there is a faint smile on his face. He knows very well that with Xiao Hei’s speed, if Sang Mo does not go after him, he can definitely escape.

“Goodbye, Xiao Hei!”

Qin Yu slowly says in his heart. Then, in an instant, his entire body becomes extremely red while his eyes flash with ruthlessness. Suddenly, a flame starts to blaze on one of his arms ...

End of b5c4.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C5: Fleeing for life

In almost a moment, Qin Yu’s entire body shoots southwards like a meteor. His current speed is nearly 100 times as fast as his speed when using the Body Weapon Unification technique under a normal situation. In a blink of Sang Mo’s eyes, Qin Yu has already disappeared completely.

Sang Mo then quickly transforms into a red-robed human from a huge red octopus.

The eyes of him, who is now being covered in a red robe, radiate a shiny green light. He stands there for a long time. No one can know what he is thinking. Only after a long period of time does he say in a deep voice that is filled with hatred: “Blood Escaping Art? No, that’s unlikely. He’s not a Xiumoist.”

“Humph, Xiuxianist, no matter who you are, I, Sang Mo, will definitely kill you to avenge my son’s death.”

With a movement of his body, he immediately leaves that place.

A half day later, Sang Mo comes to a very elegant palace. Since a water-repelling restrictive spell has been set up outside this palace, even though it is located at the bottom of the ocean, there is absolutely no water inside it. He goes into the palace directly.

“Patriarch.”

2 very muscular bald men say to him while bowing. Without saying a word, Sang Mo enters the main hall of the palace at once. He then orders in a cold voice: “Tell everyone to quickly gather in the main hall within 10 breaths. Latecomers will be punished with impalement.”

Sang Mo’s voice resounds through the whole palace. 10 breaths, no more -- it is such a short period of time. The members of Sang Mo’s clan thus all activate their demonic elemental energy to hurry into the main hall at their fastest speeds. In less than 10 breaths, nearly 100 octopuses have already gathered in the palace.

They are all using their human forms because this is the requirement for entering the palace. Otherwise, the palace will simply be unable to accommodate their huge octopus bodies. The fact that these clan members can transform into humans means that they have all at least reached the Jindan stage.

“May I ask for what important matter you’ve summoned our clan’s members so urgently, Patriarch?” A gray-clad middle-aged man bows and says.

Sang Mo, robed in red, says coldly: “Humph, important matter? My son Sang Tu has been slain. Sang Man, do you think this is an important matter?” With eyes glittering with coldness, he stares at that gray-clad middle-aged man Sang Man. Being given that cold stare, Sang Man immediately feels all of his hair quickly begin to stand on end.

His heart trembles: “That brat Sang Tu is unexpectedly already dead. No wonder Patriarch is so furious. This time I’ve offended him when he is angry.” Knowing that this is bad for himself, Sang Man hurriedly says to Sang Mo: “Important matter? Of course this is an important matter. Patriarch, please tell me about the bastard who dared to kill Sang Tu. I’ll definitely cut him into pieces.”

“Get back.” Sang Mo says coldly.

Sang Man cleverly returns and joins the other members at once while secretly letting out a sigh of relief.

“Though the Sang clan isn’t big, within the radius of 8 million li controlled by the Blood-red Cave there’s been nobody who dared to bully our clan. But this time my son has unexpectedly been slain by a Xiuxianist.” The aura around Sang Mo’s entire body is terrifyingly cold and sinister at the moment.

None of those clan members dares to say anything. In the Sang clan, Sang Mo’s words are absolutes.

“In the end that brat used a technique similar to Xiumoists’ Blood Escaping Art. Even if he doesn’t die, he’ll be seriously injured and lose more than 90% of his power. There are only some Xiuxian and Xiumo islands within 8 million li of the Blood-red Cave and none of them has such a blazing energy as that brat’s.”

Sang Mo says in a deep voice. Suddenly his voice becomes solemn: “All members of the Sang clan must tell members of other clans that brat is definitely within a 100,000 li radius of this place. There’s not even one island of Xiuxianists in this area. Find him for me. You must find him for me.”

“Yes!”

The nearly 100 clan members in the main hall say with obedience at once.

“Alright, you can get started now.” Sang Mo coldly gives an order. Immediately, the nearly 100 clan members all leave the palace at high speeds. Sang Mo himself however takes out a black authority card. There are some written talismans on it. It is none other than a relatively precious transmitter.

Sang Mo channels his request into it using his holy sense. In only a short while, this piece of information has been sent to the Blood-red Range, which is several million li away.

The Blood-red Range is the center of this area of water, which has a radius of 8 million li. The Blood-red Cave is the supreme central power of this area of water. In the Blood-red Cave, there are a cave master and 2 vice masters. They have 13 guardians under them altogether.

The 13 guardians of the Blood-red Cave are very powerful. Even the weakest among them is a late Jindan-stage expert. Moreover, in terms of real offensive power, this late Jindan-stage guardian is definitely not inferior to early Yuanying-stage ordinary Xiuyaoists. Therefore, he was able to become the 13th guardian.

And Sang Mo has another identity, that is, one of the Blood-red Cave’s 13 guardians.

In the Blood-red Cave,

“Vice master, Guardian Sang Mo has just sent a message, saying that he wants a reward-offering order to be given.” A blond man, who received the message, says to a very thin man. This very thin man is none other than Cha Ge, one of the cave’s 2 vice masters.

The master of the Blood-red Cave is Cha Hong, whose power is the most fearsome in the cave. It is said that he has reached the Dongxu stage. Added to this the unusual innate gifts of his true form, a blood-red aquatic python, and he has extremely powerful offense. Even in the boundless ocean, he can still be regarded as a strong figure.

However, the 2 vice masters are not very powerful. They were able to become the cave’s vice masters mainly because they are Cha Hong’s younger brothers.

The 2nd brother Cha Po’s power is not bad, having reached the middle phase of the Yuanying stage. But the 3rd brother Cha Ge has only reached the early phase of the Yuanying stage and is about as strong as the average guardians. However, because his big brother is Cha Hong, he has been a real tyrant in this area of water.

“Oh, give a reward-offering order?” Cha Ge’s long narrow face and also his ice-cold eyes look like those of a real python.

“Yes, Guardian Sang Mo’s son has been killed by a Xiuxianist ...” When the blond man has just finished saying, Cha Ge laughs out loud: “No wonder. Sang Mo’s precious son has been killed, it’s impossible for him not to go insane. Tell me, what treasure did Sang Mo bring out? Let’s see if it’s valuable enough for me to get into action.”

The blond man says: “Vice master, Guardian Sang Mo took out a middle-grade holy weapon. At the same time, he said he’d owe anyone who captured that Xiuxianist a favor.”

Hearing the words middle-grade holy weapons, that vice master Cha Ge has a hint of disappointment on his face: “That Sang Mo is really stingy, only a middle-grade holy weapon and a favor. All right, whatever happens, he’s still a guardian of our Blood-red Cave. Let’s publicize the reward offer within our waters of 8 million li in radius to help him.”

“Yes.” The blond man however secretly curses. “You’re a vice master so this middle-grade holy weapon naturally doesn’t interest you. But it and a favor are already a high reward for such a simple thing as capturing a Jindan Xiuxianist who can use an escaping technique similar to the Blood Escaping Art.”

Of course, the blond man will not say it out.

Xiuyaoists’ art of forging is not as good as that of Xiuxianists. It is still simple to forge a low-grade holy weapon, but it is much more difficult to forge a middle-grade one. Among Xiuyaoists, most owners of middle-grade holy weapons are Yuanying-stage experts.

A middle-grade holy weapon and a favor from Sang Mo,

Sang Mo is one of the 13 guardians, no less. So, a favor from him will be very useful.

“Perhaps when this reward offer is made public, a great number of Jindan Xiuyaoists will get into action. After all the target is really too weak ... Having used an escaping technique similar to the Blood Escaping Art, he must’ve suffered a huge loss in power. If he can have 30% of his power left, that’ll already be not bad.”

The blond man nods with a smile then leaves to issue a statement about the reward offer.

By contrast, vice master Cha Ge goes towards his own dwelling place. He even says angrily: “That Sang Mo is really stingy. He’s still too attached to that high-grade holy weapon Thunder Hammer to bring it out.” This Cha Ge has coveted that treasure of Sang Mo’s -- the Thunder Hammer -- for a very long time.

However, his big brother Cha Hong has ordered that his subordinates absolutely not fight each other.

......

Right after the reward offer is publicized, many Xiuyaoists in the 8 million li radius controlled by the Blood-red Cave begin to emerge. There are even occasional appearances of Yuanying-stage experts. That reward offer has given a very detailed description of Qin Yu.

All of those who know about this news decide that this Xiuxianist, whose energy is extremely pure and blazing, should be in the 100,000 li of water next to the Qian Long continent. After all, even though a desperate escaping technique similar to the Blood Escaping Art is fast, it cannot be used to cover a very long distance.

Therefore, a great many experts within this 100,000 li area of water emerge. The further it is from this area, the fewer Xiuyaoists join the pursuit of Qin Yu. And the ones who are enthusiastic about and interested in this matter the most are of course the members of the Sang octopus clan.

######

“Ah ~~~”

Acute pains continuously come from his left arm. Qin Yu’s entire body keeps shooting south extremely fast like a meteor. This escaping technique is none other than the special escaping technique that is used to flee for life in the Stellar Transformations book -- the Meteor Escaping Art.

When using it, the user burns his body like a meteor in exchange for an extremely fast speed.

“Damn you, Meteor Escaping Art! This feels really almost unbearable.” Clenching his teeth, Qin Yu keeps heading straight forwards. At the moment his entire body is red, looking as if flames are about to come out from inside it, and the blood and flesh of his left arm are being burnt nonstop.

In theory, one should have already passed out long ago due to such acute pains. After all, the pain of burning his own flesh and blood is beyond the tolerance limit of a person.

However, Qin Yu’s mind has been trained since he was a little kid and therefore is extremely tough. Moreover, thanks to the nourishment of the Meteoric Tear, his soul has become very strong. So, he unexpectedly has not lost consciousness despite the agonies. However, because of this, he has had to endure the continuous intensification of the pains.

With a clear state of mind, Qin Yu observes himself flying south extremely fast. Only when more than half of his left arm’s and upper body’s flesh has been burnt does he stop.

“It should’ve already been several tens thousand li.” His whole face begins to twitch. The feeling of burning himself nonstop while maintaining a clear mind is really not something a human can bear. “Meteoric Tear, I’ll leave everything to you.”

He gets under a coral reef then stops moving.

The Meteoric Tear keeps sending out various clear streams, which continuously heal the burnt places. Qin Yu’s left arm has nearly been burnt up, with only a few charred muscles and bones remaining. Taking a look at it will make anyone feel unbearable.

“Ah ...” His entire body is trembling nonstop.

It feels really very comfortable when the Meteoric Tear’s clear streams fuse with the injuries, continuously healing them. Even his burnt muscles and blood are being regenerated. However, this re-creating process unexpectedly inflicts even more pain on him than burning himself did.

Sweat keeps oozing from his entire body. His muscles and bones are all trembling.

“Xiao Hei, you should be okay, right?” Qin Yu somehow thinks about this matter, but right afterwards a heart-piercing pain comes from his chest. A breastbone more than half of which has been burnt up earlier is unexpectedly regenerating little by little. But this is really shockingly painful.

Qin Yu cannot help letting out a groan. Beads of sweat continue to stand out on his whole body.

For the moment he cannot think about anything else other than trying to endure this kind of pain. The nourishment of the Meteoric Tear is comfortable but the regeneration of the muscles and bones is so painful that his soul is shaken. This comfortable feeling and this pain are basically 2 polar extremes.

He is shuttling back and forth unceasingly between these 2 extremes.

However, it is much easier for the Meteoric Tear to repair the damage to the bones than to the internal organs. In only 2 days, Qin Yu’s originally terrifying wounds have already healed more than 50% and 80% of his left arm has unexpectedly regrown.

Most of his burnt muscles and bones have regenerated.

“You really didn’t disappoint me, Meteoric Tear.” Qin Yu let Xiao Hei run away first because he had decided to take a gamble on the Meteoric Tear’s wonderful effects. But even so, he was not certain that the Meteoric Tear would be able to regenerate his limbs and body.

After all, even though it can repair the heart, this does not necessarily mean that it can regrow the body and limbs. Qin Yu gambled for the sake of Xiao Hei and this time he has won.

“Good, now the injuries have healed more than 50%.”

He tries hard to sit up with legs crossed. Blood oozes out of some scabs that have just been formed on his body at once. He draws a cold breath in pain with a hiss but still sits up. Then, using his intact right arm, he quickly takes out a jindan.

It is Sang Tu’s jindan.

“Right now, power is the most important thing. Let’s refine this jindan first.” Ignoring the fact that his injuries have not completely healed yet, Qin Yu immediately accelerates the nebula inside his body and forms another nebula around him. He then begins to refine this jindan.

In his method of refinement, energy will go from the nebula outside his body into the nebula in his dantian by going through his entire body’s muscles and bones.

However, at the moment his body is still seriously injured. Therefore, when stellar energy and the essence of the jindan go through his muscles, bones and channels, he cannot help slightly trembling all over because it is really extremely painful.

Even though he did limit training for years starting when he was still a child, he has never experienced such sharp pains.

But Qin Yu understands that he must persevere and improve his power as much and as fast as possible. The boundless ocean is an unfamiliar place to him. In this place, he must improve his power first then gather all the information about it.

He also knows that Sang Mo will never give up trying to catch him.

“Since Sang Mo should be focusing most of his attention on me, Xiao Hei should be safe.” Qin Yu thinks to himself while pains that can go deep into his muscles and bones keep coming from every place of his entire body. Sang Tu’s jindan is also being refined and absorbed nonstop.

In a dark cave at the bottom of the ocean, there are 2 blue dots of light. They are the light radiated from a pair of eyes, whose owner is none other than Xiao Hei, who was able to escape thanks to Qin Yu. Black flashes of lightning are flickering unceasingly on Xiao Hei’s body. After a long time, many golden air streams float out from inside his body.

“Big brother, you must hang on and wait for me!”

Thanks to the special telepathy between Xiao Hei and Qin Yu, he can feel that Qin Yu is still living. But he knows that, being hunted by Sang Mo, Qin Yu is in imminent danger. Therefore, he has selected that forbidden technique in his hereditary memories to practice.

A series of deep cries comes out heavily from Xiao Hei’s throat. His entire body is undergoing drastic changes nonstop.

“Big brother, wait for me!”

......

End of b5c5.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C6: Xiumo book Nameless

Chi chi ~~~

The energy of the jindan keeps going through Qin Yu’s muscles and bones. The originally damaged muscles and bones are shaking continuously while trickles of blood are oozing from his pores. But Qin Yu is clenching his teeth to endure.

Get the most out of his time!

In his dantian, the blue flame in the center of the nebula is burning the air streams made of the jindan’s energy nonstop, getting rid of all the impurities, leaving only the essence in the end, which in turn is absorbed by the various silvery grains in Qin Yu’s nebula. Last time, because Qin Yu executed his special skill and struck Xiang Yang a life-risking all-out blow, his silvery grains were reduced in size a lot. Despite a period of restoration, only more than 50% of what was lost was later regained.

However, at the moment, the silvery grains in his nebula have already surpassed their peak in the past.

“I only need a half day. My power can reach its best condition in only a half day.” Qin Yu is calculating in his mind. He does not care too much about the refinement of the jindan because this refining process is very simple and only requires a little attention.

“But what can I do when my power is restored?” His mind becomes somewhat anxious.

He basically knows nothing about the overseas Xiuzhen world, especially the world of its greatest power -- the underwater Xiuyaoists. For example, he does not know how, when he went into the ocean for the 1st time, Xiuyaoists were able to find out that he was an outsider.

If this matter is not cleared up, it will probably be difficult for him to even take a step forwards.

“There are so many Xiuyao experts under the water. Many of them must be stronger than me. If I can’t fully understand the world of underwater Xiuyaoists, perhaps I should return home to the Qian Long continent like a cowardly black turtle.” Qin Yu simple cannot stand himself retreating.

But are there any solutions?

Asking someone? Will those Xiuyaoists tell Qin Yu? Maybe they will immediately attack him.

“Ah, right!”

Qin Yu’s mind is struck by a thought. He suddenly remembers that among the Xiuzhen books that he read in Lei Mountain House in the past, there were Xiuxian secret books, Xiumo secret books and Xiuyao secret books. Moreover, there were even some Xiuzhen secret books from Earth, the holy land of Xiuzhenists in another universe.

One of those books from Earth seemed to be a Xiumo secret book. Qin Yu glanced through it once and saw 2 words -- Soul Examination!

Because some practice methods of Xiumoists in this book were really too brutal, for example, using pregnant women’s placentas or something, he naturally was not interested in it and only skimmed through it once. But he immediately took notice of this Xiumo Secret Skill Soul Examination.

“Good, after refining this jindan I’ll start practicing this skill.” Qin Yu’s heart is filled with happiness.

At a crucial moment, these special Xiumo techniques unexpectedly can help him. After remembering the Soul Examination, he also remembers the other Xiumo Secret Skills that secret book talked about. Each of them is extremely eerie.

However, to Qin Yu, they cannot be more suitable to use in his current situation.

When he is still overjoyed, suddenly --

“No good. There’s someone!”

He knows that this is not good because his holy sense has noticed that 2 Xiuyaoists are passing by above him. These 2 Xiuyaoists are going through the water in their human forms, but they are not powerful at all. The stronger of them is only at the late phase of the Jindan stage.

Qin Yu’s soul is very tough and strong so his holy sense is extremely formidable too. He locks his holy sense onto those 2 Xiuyaoists but they unexpectedly do not detect anything.

“Martial brother, I’ve heard that the son of the Sang octopus clan’s patriarch is already dead and that patriarch has even offered a reward. Whoever captures the killer will get a middle-grade holy weapon and also a favor from him in return.” The tall Xiuyaoist says to the short Xiuyaoist beside him laughingly in a casual manner.

The martial brother says disdainfully: “Martial younger brother, don’t think too much about this. He must be powerful to be able to kill the Sang clan’s patriarch’s son. Stop dreaming.”

The tall Xiuyaoist however does not agree: “Martial brother, you haven’t heard about that reward offer, right? In the end that Xiuxianist used an escaping technique similar to the Blood Escaping Art so his power must’ve suffered a huge loss. Plus, he hasn’t even reached the Yuanying stage. Martial brother, whoever uses a desperate escaping technique on a par with the Blood Escaping Art will definitely need about a year to recover.”

“You’re right. It’s very hard to recover from the injuries caused by desperate escaping techniques like the Blood Escaping Art.” The martial brother nods in agreement.

Qin Yu, who is observing everything from below using his holy sense, secretly rejoices. Had it not been for the Meteoric Tear, it would have taken him about a year to regain his power and, even worse, his burnt left arm would not have been able to regenerate.

Those Xiuyaoists all think that it will not be hard to catch Qin Yu and the only problem is to find him, but a man without a Xiuyao aura will be very easy to recognize.

However, Qin Yu has the Meteoric Tear.

And none of those Xiuyaoists knows about this, which gives him a slim chance of surviving.

“That’s right, martial brother. That Xiuxianist must be very weak now. Why don’t we ... conduct a search? Let’s use our holy senses to find him on the way. Maybe we’ll really run into him.” The tall Xiuyaoist suggests.

Qin Yu’s heart immediately shakes. At this moment, it seems to skip a beat. Then he can hear his heartbeat pounding in his head.

“No good. I haven’t finished refining this jindan. If I rush out without any plans or preparations like this, even if I can kill these 2 blokes, I’ll be hunted by a large number of Xiuyaoists.” Having learned the lesson last time, he knows that he cannot be rash.

Whatever happens, he must be fully prepared before getting into action.

“Martial younger brother, quit dreaming. The ocean is boundless while we only have short-range holy senses. If ... our holy senses detect a terrifying, formidable demonic beast, provoking him, you should just prepare to die then.” The martial brother rebukes loudly.

It is very impolite for one to casually examine another more powerful than him with the holy sense.

As soon as the tall Xiuyaoist hears this, he cannot help getting frightened: “That’s right. What you say is true, martial brother.”

“Let’s go. What’s yours is yours. You won’t get what’s not yours even if you try.” The martial brother is clearly very cautious. Then the both of them keep going forwards above Qin Yu’s head.

In the boundless ocean, there may be a certain hidden formidable demonic beast calmly practicing in a certain area of the seabed. Even though the probability of bumping into such a demonic beast is low, it is certainly higher than the probability of finding Qin Yu. After all, Qin Yu is only one man while there must be more than one demonic beast hiding at the bottom of the ocean.

If their holy senses disturb such a formidable demonic beast, they will probably be eaten by him.

“Whew.”

Qin Yu secretly lets out a sigh. Even though he is not afraid of these 2 Xiuyaoists, it would have been terrible if his whereabouts had been revealed because of them. Moreover, according to the conversation between them, he has discovered a bad thing.

The reward offer!

“This is bad. I never expected Sang Mo to offer a reward.” He thinks about many things in only a moment. In the end he is sure of one thing -- he must learn the Xiumo secret technique Soul Examination first no matter what. As for some other special secret techniques, there is no hurry to learn them for the moment.

After learning the Soul Examination, the first thing he is going to do is to find a Xiuyaoist and use it. At least he must know the general situation to be able to make further preparations. After all, he can only always win if he knows his own situation and that of the enemy.

A half day later, Qin Yu finally finishes refining and absorbing all of the jindan. By now, all of the injuries on his body have completely healed with not even a scar on his left arm, only that there are many scabs on the surface of his body.

When Qin Yu was refining the jindan, his blood oozed from the yet-to-be completely healed injuries then solidified to form these scabs. Of course, by now his body has totally recovered.

Buzz ~~

With a shake of the energy on the surface of his body, all of those scabs are immediately shattered.

“Very good, this is the best condition I’ve ever been in.” Qin Yu opens his eyes. At the moment he is under a coral reef. Using his stellar energy, he shakes the dirt around him away directly. Concurrently with this, his holy sense enters his spatial ring.

Qin Yu’s holy sense can scan everything in the spatial ring with ease. It comes straight into the study of Lei Mountain House.

“Nameless?”

Only when Qin Yu uses his holy sense to open that Xiumo secret book does he notice that it unexpectedly has a name. Being called Nameless does not mean that it has no name, but that the name of this Xiumo secret book is Nameless.

He instantly skips over the part about Xiumo methods and gets to the part about how to practice Xiumo secret techniques. In the past he paid little to no attention to them, but now he starts to read them carefully one by one.

“What is the holy sense? Does it automatically come into existence when a person reaches the Jindan stage and has a strong enough soul? It has been said since ancient times that Xiuzhenists have the holy sense while immortals have the immortal sense. At first I believed this truism, but later I discovered that this is simply not true ...”

When reading this part, Qin Yu totally immerses himself in it.

Reading using the holy sense is indeed very fast. He quickly finishes reading all of the secret techniques of this Xiumo book. Having done this, he feels that his understanding of the soul has reached a whole new level.

He then opens his eyes, which flash with excitement.

“This anonymous senior’s achievement of writing this Nameless book is definitely not inferior to Master’s creation of the Stellar Transformations.” Having read the book, Qin Yu sincerely admires this Xiuzhen senior from the planet Earth in another universe.

This senior has opened up a new world, a world about the most essential thing -- the soul.

“Alright, let’s try the 1st step.” The Xiumo secret techniques flash through his mind one after another, but they all have one same basis -- being able to control spiritual energy at will. What is spiritual energy?

The holy sense is spiritual energy!

By inference, the legendary immortal sense is also spiritual energy, only that when the strength of the soul reaches certain levels, spiritual energy will also undergo fundamental changes.

Qin Yu remembers the description of how to practice the 1st step.

“In this technique, the 1st step is the most difficult to practice. Spiritual energy is very mysterious. Generally, Xiuzhenists can only send out and expand their spiritual energy and it’s extremely difficult for them to do other things to it such as making it rotate like a maelstrom, shaping it into a sphere and so on. This depends on a person’s natural talent. I can only try doing it again and again. There’s simply no shortcut.”

Qin Yu has no choice but to hope that he is talented enough.

“Spin, spin.” He says in his mind, trying to control his spiritual energy directly using his thoughts. However, just like what the book says, spiritual energy turns out to be really very hard to control. It seems expanding and withdrawing are the only 2 things he can do to it.

When he observes through the holy sense, his spiritual energy is expanded. And when he does not use the holy sense, it is withdrawn.

A weak small heat current then gradually flows in Qin Yu’s head from the Meteoric Tear. In the depths of his head, there is a disc of energy. Various sinuous electric sparks are zigzagging around this disc nonstop. At the same time, the disc is slowly radiating a seven-colored light.

That weak small heat current is absorbed by that disc little by little.

......

Qin Yu is still experimenting on spiritual energy control. Since spiritual energy is immaterial, he cannot see it with his eyes, and can only feel it. He keeps experimenting over and over without giving up, because that Xiumo secret book says that ...

The most talented disciple of this school needed 3 days of experimentation only to be able to slightly control spiritual energy while the author of the book even spent a whole year’s time.

Suddenly, the nonphysical spiritual energy, which has been quietly whirling around Qin Yu’s soul in his mind, shakes for a short while.

“It’s moved!”

A pleasant surprise surges up in Qin Yu’s heart. He simply never thought that it would take him only 2 hours to succeed. He basically cannot explain how he was able to gain control of his spiritual energy so easily.

“Soul Examination!”

Wasting no time, Qin Yu immediately recalls the Soul Examination technique and begins to practice it. Less than 1 hour later, he can already completely control 10% of his spiritual energy.

Yes, 10% of the spiritual energy is now under his total control. This seems to be a very small amount, but even the author of the book needed 5 whole decades’ time to reach this level.

However, even though Qin Yu keeps experimenting, he cannot control more spiritual energy.

“All right, let’s consolidate the foundation first.” He then controls that 10% of his spiritual energy, making it move. That amount of spiritual energy starts to rotate like a maelstrom, surrounding his soul and the remainder of the spiritual energy in its center.

On Earth, this was the method of defending against other people’s spiritual-energy-charged attacks. Even though it cannot resist the attacks forcefully, it can weaken them by using the various layers of the maelstrom.

That maelstrom-like mass of spiritual energy is slowly moving. Suddenly, the Meteoric Tear in Qin Yu’s body vibrates for a short while. A burning hot heat current flows out from it and rushes up into Qin Yu’s head directly.

The maelstrom simply cannot block it. With an unstoppable momentum, that heat current smashes the maelstrom formed by Qin Yu to pieces.

“No good!”

This is the 1st time Qin Yu has formed a maelstrom with his spiritual energy, but it has been shattered all of a sudden. That amount of spiritual energy has unexpectedly become chaotic. Even worse, it has started to cause the rest of Qin Yu’s spiritual energy, which is not controlled by him, to become chaotic too.

When his spiritual energy is in a calm state, he can only control 10% of it. Now that it has become totally chaotic, he quickly gets panicky.

However, at the moment, above Qin Yu, a middle Yuanying-stage Xiuyaoist is slowly going in the distance. His holy sense has spread out in a very lordly manner. Judging from his direction, he is going towards Qin Yu. Given Qin Yu’s currently chaotic spiritual energy, he definitely will not be able to avoid detection by this Xiuyaoist.

“According to the reward offer, that Xiuxianist is very likely to be within a 100,000 li radius of this place. This idiot Sang Mo, I never thought he wouldn’t be able to catch a Xiuxianist who hasn’t even reached the Yuanying stage.” With a cold ‘humph’ this single-horned man rushes extremely fast in Qin Yu’s direction.

End of b5c6.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C7: Soul Examination

At the moment Qin Yu does not know that a middle Yuanying-stage Xiuyaoist is about to search his area. His entire attention is being focused on what is happening inside his head.

That burning hot blue heat current rushes into the area of his spiritual energy in an unstoppable manner.

Water is variable in shape and spiritual energy, which is immaterial, is also the same. Despite being disarranged, Qin Yu’s spiritual energy will calm down as time passes. Of course it will need quite some time to completely calm down.

In his head,

As opposed to the huge mass of spiritual energy, in its center -- that disc, which is continuously sending out various serpentine electric sparks, is the real core of a person, the soul! The relationship between the soul and spiritual energy is just like that between the sun and sunlight.

Only the soul is the very essence of a person. At Qin Yu’s current level, he only has some understanding of spiritual energy while knowing nothing about the soul, the real fundamental thing in him.

The soul is a forbidden domain that Xiuzhenists cannot touch.

“What is exactly the blazing blue heat current the Meteoric Tear sent out?” Qin Yu focuses his entire attention on that blue air current, which has appeared all of a sudden. That blazing blue air current goes through the spiritual energy without being obstructed in the least, heading straight for the soul.

The area of the spiritual energy is like a violent ocean. In the center of this violent ocean of spiritual energy, there is an islet-like disc, which is none other than the soul!

When the blue air current flows to the islet-like disc, that is, the soul, it is immediately absorbed. At the same time, the seven-colored light of the soul, which keeps sending out sinuous electric sparks, suddenly becomes chaotic. The blue light immediately intensifies, but in a short while, it goes back to its state moments ago.

At this moment, the huge mass of spiritual energy around the soul flashes with a blue light. All of the spiritual energy seems to have undergone a transformation, while an extremely great change has also occurred in Qin Yu himself.

“What a wonderful feeling.”

Qin Yu suddenly opens his eyes, which glitter. Mental control! Now Qin Yu’s mental control is much stronger than it was in the past. It has many uses, for example, to control the movement of the elemental energy inside his body.

The stronger the mental control is, the more his elemental energy follows his direction, and the more finely he can control his energy when attacking.

“But the spiritual energy seems to have become harder to control.” When Qin Yu tries controlling his spiritual energy again, he discovers that it has transformed. Previously it was like an untrained scholar, but now it is like a strong muscular man. An indescribable change has happened to it. At the same time, it has also become much more difficult to control.

Even though Qin Yu’s mental control has suddenly improved, he unexpectedly can only control 10% of his spiritual energy as before.

His control has increased and his soul has also transformed, but controlling 10% of his spiritual energy is still his limit. It is 10% just like before -- what does this mean? Qin Yu is doubtful but he simply cannot understand because theoretically neither spiritual energy nor the soul itself can suddenly improve.

A practitioner has to try using his mental control many times over to improve it, and even then it improves extremely slowly. As for his spiritual energy, it also gradually improves thanks to the transformations that happen to his soul as his power increases.

Just now, Qin Yu’s mental control and spiritual energy both improved by one step in only a moment, which simply cannot happen to the other Xiuzhenists. The cause of all of this is one blazing blue air current from the Meteoric Tear.

“The Meteoric Tear, what is it exactly?” Qin Yu becomes even more curious about the Meteoric Tear, which fused with his body.

He also tries sending his spiritual energy out. The moment he sends it out, he discovers that a middle Yuanying-stage expert is rushing above him in his direction and, worse still, that expert is even searching using his holy sense.

However, when that holy sense sweeps across Qin Yu, it detects nothing. Moreover, when his holy sense expands, the expert does not feel anything happening whatsoever.

Their holy senses are on 2 different levels. That middle Yuanying-stage Xiuyaoist’s holy sense is slightly weaker than Qin Yu’s holy sense so it cannot detect his. Qin Yu simply does not know the principle of this. It is really somewhat mysterious.

He only knows the outcome, that is, a holy sense can detect a weaker one but cannot detect a stronger one.

After a while, Qin Yu’s whole body shoots out through the coral reef from under it like lightning. His current condition is the best he has ever been in. The bad effects of using the Meteor Escaping Art have all been removed. Moreover, he has also learned the Soul Examination technique.

“Xiao Hei is in the northeast and even not very far from here.” Closing his eyes, he can feel Xiao Hei’s existence clearly.

A special telepathy developed between Xiao Hei and Qin Yu when they were still little, allowing them to feel each other’s existence.

Qin Yu slightly narrows his eyes and immediately considers his situation: “By now Sang Mo has already offered a reward because of his son’s death. Plus, these underwater Xiuyaoists seem to be able to tell that I’m not a Xiuyaoist with ease, including even the demonic beasts weaker than me!”

He recalls how, when he and Xiao Hei had just dived down the deep parts of the ocean, those weak demonic beasts ran away very fast.

“Those Xiuyaoists can recognize me. Added to this the reward offer, and it’s hard for me to take a step in this underwater world. Plus, I know nothing whatsoever about this world of Xiuyaoists. Now the most important thing to do is to sneakily kill a Xiuyaoist and use the Soul Examination to know the situation of this underwater world’s Xiuyaoists clearly.”

Qin Yu knows very well that in an unfamiliar environment he has to be extra careful.

He then sends his holy sense out, very confident about it. Not even a middle Yuanying-stage expert was able to detect him so it is easy to imagine how formidable his holy sense is.

Like a beam of light, Qin Yu flashes south directly.

However, soon afterwards, he detects 8 Xiuyaoists not far from him. In an instant, he stops using stellar energy and suppresses his aura. But he has no worries about using his holy sense at all because, after all, these 8 Xiuyaoists are only at the Jindan stage.

“Big brother Sang Tan, this time Patriarch is about to go insane already. He ordered us to search nonstop without allowing us to take a rest.” A Xiuyaoist says.

These 8 Xiuyaoists are none other than members of the Sang octopus clan. These 8 members have joined forces and been doing their job together. In fact, they have been doing this because of their laziness. After all, if each of them went to a different area, their overall searching speed would be much faster.

“Damn it! Where’d this Xiuxianist sod off to? There’s not a Xiuxian island within 100,000 li of this place, we’ve been searching for so long, Patriarch has also offered a reward, and almost every 100 li is being searched by someone but unexpectedly not even a bloody shadow has been seen.” Sang Tan says angrily too.

The face of Qin Yu, who is observing using his holy sense from a distance, immediately changes.

He knew that the reward offer would cause many Xiuyaoists to look for him, but did not think there would be a Xiuxianist in every 100 li on average. It should be known that a 100 li distance is not considered far at all by a Xiuyaoist.

Qin Yu however does not know that the pursuing Xiuyaoists are being concentrated mainly in this area of 100,000 li in radius. After all, most Xiuyaoists think that he is in this area. As for further areas, there are much fewer pursuing Xiuyaoists present in them. Most pursuing Xiuyaoists search these areas only once conveniently.

Because Xiuyaoists usually spend time practicing, they are very bored, and therefore many of them are very eager to chase some Xiuxianist.

“8 Xiuyaoists.” Qin Yu considers the probability of killing these 8 Xiuyaoists. After a while, he slowly shakes his head: “No, I can’t handle these 8 guys quickly. Also, when Sang Mo sent his clan’s members out, he must’ve given them a method for transmitting messages. Even if I could kill these 8 quickly, they’d send a message and so many Xiuyaoists would gather in this area, which would be very bad.”

“The 8 of you are very lucky.”

Without activating the stellar energy in his body, Qin Yu pierces through the water like an arrow using his physical power. The principle of the body-maneuvering skill he practiced in the past is to turn water resistance into assistance. With Qin Yu’s body and his water-piercing body-maneuvering skill, his speed is still very fast.

In a short while he has already gone very far from those 8 Xiuyaoists.

“Using physical power alone to go through the water is still slower than using stellar energy.” There are no Xiuyaoists in his surroundings according to his holy sense so he begins to activate his stellar energy, preparing to go forwards extremely fast from now on. However --

Qin Yu’s face changes color abruptly.

There are unexpectedly 2 Xiuyaoists up ahead. Even worse, judging from the fact that they are searching with their expanded holy senses, they are probably also Qin Yu’s pursuers.

“It’s been only 10-odd li but I’ve encountered other pursuers again.” Qin Yu finally knows how densely distributed his pursuers are, especially within this area of 100,000 in radius, where almost all Xiuyaoists conveniently expand their holy senses to search when they are free.

These 2 Xiuyaoists looks very muscular. One of them is bald and wearing armor. The other is even more muscular. His whole body’s skin has a dark blue color and there is a pitch-black stick in his hand.

“Hey, bro, today is really boring. Recently you haven’t surfaced to hunt, have you?” The armor-clad bald man says to the blue large man casually.

The blue large man says with a mysterious smile: “Of course I have. When I came to the waters near the continent to hunt last time, I was very lucky to run into a fishing boat. There were 10-odd people on the boat, including even some women. At that time I turned into my true form and ate half of them up at a gulp. Then I sucked the rest in my storage bracelet. Ha-ha, when those people saw my true form they all yelled ‘sea monster’.”

“Then could you let me also ...” The bald man signals to the blue large man with a look.

The blue large man says laughingly: “All right, all ...” Before the blue large man can finish saying, a fist penetrates his chest and, moreover, it lands exactly where his heart is located. This man’s heart is immediately shattered.

“Go to hell!”

There is a hint of ruthlessness in Qin Yu’s eyes. When he heard what these 2 men said to each other, he became determined to kill them.

As soon as the bald man takes a look at Qin Yu, he is greatly shocked: “Who are you?” This bald man is horrified by the fact that before he could feel an aura Qin Yu already killed his friend directly with a punch. This speed was really terrifyingly fast.

With a faint smile on the corners of his mouth, Qin Yu stares at the bald man: “You’re going to be the target of my Soul Examination!”

“Soul Examination, what does it mean?” The bald man is astounded in his heart.

The Soul Examination can only be used when the opponent’s soul still exists. If a person’s body dies, his soul will quickly leave the body to enter the cycle of reincarnation. Therefore, there are 2 ways to perform the Soul Examination on a person. The 1st is to examine his soul directly when he is alive. The 2nd is to kill him then immediately examine his soul, taking advantage of the time when the soul is yet to leave the body.

However, because that blue large man has been dead for a while, his soul has already left, and therefore Qin Yu can only consider this armor-clad bald man the target of his Soul Examination.

“You’re ... a Xiuxianist, that Xiuxianist who killed Sang Mo’s son?” The bald man suddenly says.

Qin Yu slightly raises his eyebrows because the opponent has quickly recognized him.

“You’ve unexpectedly recognized me. Tell me, how did you do that?” He asks while staring at the bald man, who secretly lets out a breath because the opponent did not attack him immediately, which also gives him a slim chance of escaping.

He has no intention of fighting Qin Yu. After seeing how Qin Yu killed his friend with a blow just now, he has made a judgement about Qin Yu’s power.

The bald man says with a flattering smile: “This is really very simple. Your body doesn’t have a Xiuyao aura. Your aura is different from ours. Also, a Xiuxianist who dares to go deep into the ocean is either an extremely powerful expert or a completely ignorant rookie, but in the upper part of this area, there is no ...”

Before the bald man can finishes saying, he suddenly sees Qin Yu’s body, which is 10 m away from him, make a swaying movement and arrive at his face in an instant.

“Ah!”

The bald man immediately reacts, wanting to resist. However, when has just thrown a punch ...

Bang!

With a series of noises of bones being smashed Qin Yu’s fist directly shatters the bald man’s fist then, while he is shocked, proceeds to pierce through his chest and break his heart into pieces. At the same time, Qin Yu’s left hand makes a violent grab at the bald man’s head.

Xiumo -- Soul Examination!

After a while, Qin Yu pulls back his hands. Concurrently with this, he gets the jindans of these 2 Xiuyaoists, both of whom are at the middle phase of the Jindan stage.

He gave the bald man a chance to talk because he did not want any mistakes to happen. If he had tried to kill the bald man right after killing the blue large man, that bald man would definitely have defended with all his might.

If the bald man had self-destructed, he would have had to run away to avoid the explosion, which would have given the opponent’s soul enough time to float off. Therefore, Qin Yu allowed the bald man to talk, but when the opponent had just said half of what he intended to say, he sprang into action.

“Let’s get rid of the corpses to remove all traces.”

He sucks the 2 Xiuyaoists’ dead bodies, weapons and armor in his spatial ring. Ordinary Xiuzhenists have storage bracelets with small spaces so they would have to deal with some useless things before doing this, but Qin Yu just does not care.

Sucking the bodies in the spatial ring is absolutely the best way to remove all the traces of what happened.

Having absorbed the memories of that Xiuyaoist, now Qin Yu understands everything about the entire underwater world of Xiuyaoists. All of his doubts have disappeared in an instant. He cannot help giving a faint confident smile: “I see!”

End of b5c7.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C8: Nowhere to run

The ocean is immense and seems limitless. The islands on the ocean surface are the territory of Xiuxianists and Xiumoists while the boundless underwater world is the territory of Xiuyaoists, whose power is much greater than that of either Xiuxianists or Xiumoists.

There are 3 superpowers in the underwater world of Xiuyaoists, just like 3 big empires.

The 1st is the Azure Dragon Palace. The overlord of the palace is, of course, a divine beast azure dragon in his true form. He is called the no. 1 expert of the overseas Xiuzhen world. Even super experts among Xiuxianists and Xiumoists cannot compare with him.

The 2nd is the Nine Demons Hall, which has 9 leaders, whose true forms are Purple Demon aquatic dragons, a mutated kind of aquatic dragon. Even though they are not as strong as the Azure Dragon Palace overlord individually, as 9 brothers, they enjoy an advantage in number. Moreover, each of them is a super expert.

The 3rd is the Blue Water Mansion. The Blue Water Mansion master is a mutated divine beast -- a Three-Blue-Eyed toad. His 3rd eye is extremely fearsome and has very strange offense. He is slightly weaker than the Azure Dragon Palace overlord, but because of that unusual 3rd eye, not even the Azure Dragon Palace overlord is certain of beating him.

In the underwater world of Xiuyaoists, these 3 superpowers are like 3 super empires. They occupy an area of water that is millions of li in radius each. Nobody dares to shake their positions of power so they are absolute overlords under the water.

There are small powers under these 3 superpowers.

The waters ruled by the Nine Demons Hall have a radius of 90 million li. There are 8 lesser powers in this area, all of which are under the control of the Nine Demons Hall, and the leader of which is the Blood-red Cave, which is in charge of the northernmost region, which is 8 million in radius, of the Nine Demons Hall’s territory.

“The structure is very clear, just like on the Qian Long continent. The Azure Dragon Palace, the Nine Demons Hall, and the Blue Water Mansion are very similar to 3 big dynasties. As far as the Blood-red Cave is concerned, it’s like a county subordinate to the Nine Demons Hall. And I’m currently in the waters controlled by the Blood-red Cave.”

Qin Yu’s mind is now clear.

Previously, he knew nothing about the underwater world of Xiuyaoists so naturally he was scared. A person is only afraid of the unknown. After understanding everything, even though Qin Yu knows that there are countless Xiuyao experts under the water, he has relaxed a lot mentally.

This underwater world of Xiuyaoists is obviously larger than the Qian Long continent and, moreover, there are many more experts here as well. The 2 worlds are simply not on a par with each other. Several tens random Xiuyaoists alone from the underwater world can easily wipe out the entire Qian Long continent.

A continent of mortals and an underwater world of Xiuyaoists are simply not on the same level.

“Ah, ah, it turns out this is the reason why Xiuyaoists can quickly tell that I’m an outsider.”

2 jade cards appear in his hand.

These jade cards were taken from the bodies of the 2 Xiuyaoists killed moments ago. The upper halves of the jade cards have 2 words, Nine Demons, and the lower halves of the cards have a word, Blood-red. These few words are all emitting a special aura.

In the beginning the Great Majesty of the Nine Demons Hall gave an order, that is, in the territory controlled by the Nine Demons Hall, all Xiuyaoists who have reached the Jindan stage must receive a jade identity card. In the Nine Demons Hall’s waters, Xiuyaoists who belong to the same power cannot fight each other.

There are 9 kinds of jade identity cards for Xiuyaoists in the territory of the Nine Demons Hall.

They are Nine Demons Blood-red, Nine Demons Great Shell, and so on.

There are 8 lesser powers like the Blood-red Cave in the Nine Demons Hall’s territory so naturally there are 8 kinds of jade identity cards like the Nine Demons Blood-red card. The last kind of jade identity card is the Nine Demons card. It is given to the Xiuyaoists who are directly under the Nine Demons Hall and are not controlled by the 8 powers.

No Xiuyaoists in the Nine Demons Hall’s territory are allowed to kill the ones with the Nine Demons cards. Anyone who breaks this rule will be punished by the guards of the Nine Demons Hall.

A Xiuyaoist with a Nine Demon Blood-red card is not allowed to kill another one with the same kind of jade identity card, but he can kill any Xiuyaoist who has a different kind of identity card.

The Nine Demons Hall gave this order to make the 8 lesser powers fight each other, thereby losing power. Moreover, no one can kill the Xiuyaoists controlled directly by it. So, naturally more and more Xiuyaoists have become its immediate subordinates.

There is a hint of a smile on Qin Yu’s face.

“From now on, I’ll become a member of the Blood-red Cave, which is under the Nine Demons Hall.” He personalizes a jade card by blood and sucks it in his body then conveniently throws the other card in his spatial ring.

The Nine Demons Hall has never worried that outsiders will take these jade identity cards by force. It cannot even wait for some experts from the outside to accept them.

Once a Xiuyaoist has a jade identity card, he can sense the information about another’s jade identity card with it. If they have the same kind of identity card, this will mean they belong to the same powerhouse. If their identity cards are of different kinds, they can fight each other.

Of course, he can also fight someone from the same powerhouse as his if he is confident that he can hide this from the rule-enforcing squad or that he can resist this squad.

Previously, mainly because Qin Yu and Xiao Hei did not have jade identity cards when they dived deep into the ocean, they were quickly spotted by those Xiuyaoists.

“But ... even though I’ve got a jade card, my body still doesn’t have a Xiuyao aura.” Qin Yu slightly frowns. Xiuyaoists’ auras are commonly referred to as demonic auras, which are very easily recognizable to all Xiuyaoists. This is also the reason why those Xiuyaoists were able to judge that Qin Yu was a Xiuxianist in an instant.

He feels that a complication has arisen.

Because he has a jade identity card, Xiuyaoists can sense the aura on his card. If they do not pay close attention to him then they will not be able to discover his true identity, but if they observe his aura carefully then they will notice that he does not have a demonic aura, which will put him in serious danger.

“A demonic aura.” Qin Yu frowns deeply while mumbling repeatedly.

His mind however is pondering nonstop. Xiuyaoists can recognize each other thanks to, firstly, the jade identity cards and, secondly, their demonic auras. After all, because most Xiuyaoists use their human forms, they look very similar to Xiuxianists and Xiumoists.

“That’s right, Northern Darkness!”

A faint smile appears on the corners of Qin Yu’s mouth.

The Northern Darkness is a Xiumo Secret Skill which is more difficult to practice than the Soul Examination by several levels. To perform the Northern Darkness, the user must combine his spiritual energy with his body’s elemental energy. The Northern Darkness has 2 functions. The 1st is to suppress the user’s aura and the 2nd is to accelerate his practicing progress.

If he wants to suppress his aura, he will only need to execute the skill with a little spiritual energy, and his entire aura will be swallowed up.

If he wants to speed up his practicing progress, he will have to perform the skill with a lot of spiritual energy. Not only will his entire aura be swallowed up, the natural holy energy in his vicinity will be absorbed completely as well. At that time, in the eyes of observers, the user of the Northern Darkness skill will look like a black hole, sucking in all holy energy near him.

Examining someone with the holy sense is, firstly, to examine his holy sense and, second, to examine the aura that his body sends out.

“Once I use the Northern Darkness, my aura won’t be sent out. Other people not only won’t be able to feel my aura, but even my spiritual energy as well. Perhaps the enemies will think that I practice a certain special Xiuyao technique.”

This is an eclectic solution.

Qin Yu is not a Xiuyaoist so he cannot form a demonic aura that Xiuyaoists naturally send out from their bodies. But he only needs to absorb his entire aura. If other people discover that they cannot feel his aura at all, they will generally think that he is a mysterious expert.

Qin Yu, who is pondering about practicing the Northern Darkness, simply does not notice a small green fish not far from him.

When Qin Yu examines his surroundings using his holy sense, he pays no attention to ordinary fish and shrimps and only cares about those who have at least reached the Jindan stage. This small green fish is a Xiantian level small fish, the likes of which are very commonly seen in the depths of the ocean.

......

In the Sang clan’s palace,

Sang Mo is sitting alone in the main hall, sadly drinking wine mouthful after mouthful. After spending several days searching without finding Qin Yu, he has now engaged the help of 30 experts from the Green-eyed fish clan, which can be said to have eyes everywhere in the ocean.

“Senior Sang Mo, the killer has been found.” A man whose face has green scales quickly walks into the main hall then says smilingly to Sang Mo while bowing.

Sang Mo immediately stops the cup in his hand.

“You said ... the killer had been found?” His eyes glitter with killing intent.

That man from the Green-eyed fish clan says proudly: “Isn’t it only an area of 100,000 li in radius? 30 members of my clan have been searching together. Each of them controls over 1000 fish. There are countless fish at the bottom of the ocean, so who would pay attention to a common fish?”

“Ha-ha, quickly tell me where he is.” Sang Mo is elated.

The man from the Green-eyed fish clan hands over a slip of jade to Sang Mo directly. After all, it is very hard to give a clear verbal description of Qin Yu’s whereabouts. Using the holy sense to draw of sketch of Qin Yu’s location is very much simpler. As soon as Sang Mo scans the jade slip with his holy sense, he knows where Qin Yu currently is.

“Good, when the killer’s been captured, I’ll definitely thank you handsomely.” At the moment Sang Mo is extremely excited.

The man from the Green-eyed fish clan says with a smile: “I’ll go with you, Senior Sang Mo. Even if he moves, I can tell you his whereabouts clearly.”

“Very good, then follow me.”

Right after saying, Sang Mo shoots out of the palace like a red beam of light, rushing extremely fast towards Qin Yu’s location. That man from the Green-eyed fish clan goes with him side by side. Sang Mo also begins to tell his clan’s members to gather in that area through his transmitter.

“This time I won’t let him escape no matter what!” Sang Mo’s eyes glitter with fierceness. His killing intent is moving around his body nonstop.

......

Qin Yu gets into the rocks of a seamount and starts to try practicing the Xiumo skill Northern Darkness.

The Soul Examination only uses spiritual energy so it was very simple for him to practice, but the Northern Darkness combines spiritual energy with the body’s elemental energy so Qin Yu will have to mix his stellar energy and his spiritual energy together.

He draws out a stream of stellar energy from his dantian and a stream of spiritual energy from his head then makes them come into contact with each other.

“Combine? How to combine?”

Qin Yu discovers that his stellar energy and spiritual energy are 2 totally different kinds of energy. There is simply no way to combine them because spiritual energy can even go through stellar energy. Spiritual energy is immaterial whereas stellar energy is physical.

“No wonder the book says the Northern Darkness is extremely hard to learn. The author was only able to create it after reaching the Dujie stage.” Qin Yu slightly frowns.

Spiritual energy and stellar energy are basically 2 completely different things, so heaven only knows how the author was able to combine them.

......

“Senior Sang Mo, my young just sent me a message that the killer is in a seamount 300 li to the southwest. It seems he’s practicing.” The man from the Green-eyed fish clan says to Sang Mo smilingly in a confident manner.

Sang Mo’s eyes glitter. There are more than 20 members of his clan behind him. Meanwhile, the Sang clan’s members in several other directions are also attempting to surround Qin Yu.

“300 li, very good.”

Sang Mo feels his whole body’s blood starting to boil. As soon as he remembers how his son’s head was penetrated and shattered and his son’s jindan was snatched, he cannot control his fury.

“Go!”

With his robe flapping, Sang Mo speeds up by a notch, rushing straight towards Qin Yu’s current location. On one side, the man from the Green-eyed fish clan and over 20 members of the Sang clan also rush in Qin Yu’s direction after him.

Only 300 li, to Xiuyaoists, this is really a very short distance.

Before long, there are only several tens li left between Sang Mo and Qin Yu.

In the seamount, Qin Yu, whose holy sense has always been on high alert, suddenly changes his countenance. His holy sense has detected that Sang Mo and quite a few experts are rushing towards him in the northeast. Luckily for Qin Yu, his holy sense has become a bit stronger and its range has also enlarged quite a bit.

Seeing Sang Mo hurrying in a straight line and Sang Mo’s expression, Qin Yu is 90% sure that Sang Mo knows where he is.

Simply having no time to think about how the enemies know his location, Qin Yu leaves the seamount extremely fast. Standing on his flying sword and using the Body Weapon Unification technique, he immediately flees south. Sang Mo is not chasing in his true form so his speed is naturally not as fast as Qin Yu’s.

......

“No good, the killer seems to have noticed us. He’s running south.” The man from the Green-eyed fish clan becomes very anxious at once.

Sang Mo’s face changes color.

The man from the Green-eyed fish clan continues: “The killer’s speed is extremely fast. My young simply can’t keep up with him. Perhaps the fish controlled by the other members of my clan can detect the killer, but these members are still in the Sang clan’s palace.”

Sang Mo did not think that Qin Yu would be able to detect him so he only brought a man from the Green-eyed fish clan with him.

“Never mind, I’ve arranged my clan’s members in the other directions.”

Killing intent starts to come out from Sang Mo’s face. At the same time, with a fluttering movement of his robe, Sang Mo transforms into a huge red octopus. With a shake of his 8 tentacles, he immediately chases south like a beam of light. Compared to Qin Yu, who is using the Body Weapon Unification, he is even slightly faster.

......

Qin Yu is rushing south extremely fast but then he suddenly stops.

“There’s someone!”

His holy sense has detected 10-odd octopuses several tens li away from him. Even though there are only 10-odd of them at the moment, who is to say many more will not come. Based on this and the fact that just now Sang Mo was rushing straight towards him, Qin Yu makes a judgement.

“Sang Mo knows where I am. Plus, a circle has even been formed around me.”

After Qin Yu stopped for a while, his holy sense discovers that a huge red octopus is rushing towards him from a distance of several tens li behind him.

“It’s Sang Mo.” Qin Yu’s countenance instantly changes.

End of b5c8.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5, 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C9: Countdown to the killings

At the moment Qin Yu is merely at the middle phase of the Nebula stage while Sang Mo has already reached the early phase of the Yuanying stage and, moreover, his true form is an octopus, which has extremely strong offense. Once Qin Yu encounters Sang Mo, he will definitely be at a disadvantage, and therefore his reaction is --

“The west!”

Disregarding everything else, Qin Yu changes his direction and rushes straight to the west at a terrifyingly fast speed. He is relying on the fact that the range of his holy sense is longer than that of Sang Mo’s by a considerable distance. Thanks to this distance, he can detect Sang Mo before Sang Mo can detect him.

Sang Mo is still rushing south.

In only a moment, the distance between them has reached 100 li.

“Indeed.” Qin Yu’s eyes flash with coldness. His holy sense has discovered clearly that there are 10-odd octopuses lying in wait in the west. Clenching his teeth, he keeps rushing west straight at his fastest speed like a beam of light regardless.

The western area is huge but because the enemies are 10-odd octopuses they have been able to cover a very large area with their holy senses.

Whizz!

A blur flashes through the area covered by an octopus’s holy sense. That member of the Sang clan immediately lets out a strange deep yowl: “The killer, it’s the killer!” Those words, said in the Sang clan’s unique language, make the 10-odd members of the Sang clan around jump.

The leader of this group takes out a transmitter at once.

“Patriarch, the killer is running west.”

......

In only a short while, the huge octopus has already gone south several hundred li, but then he suddenly feels a message in his transmitter. The color of his face instantly changes. Uttering an extremely furious deep yowl, he makes a course correction again with his body and rushes west.

Sang Mo’s true form is extremely fast, but Qin Yu’s direction changes again at this moment.

“Humph, chase me? Take your time chasing.”

Qin Yu has changed his direction again. He unexpectedly begins to rush south instead of keeping going west. This time, no one informs Sang Mo about Qin Yu’s movements. Even though Sang Mo is fast, because he and Qin Yu are going in 2 different directions, the distance between them only keeps increasing.

Qin Yu hurries south 1000 li extremely fast!

Then he changes his direction again and rushes east 1000 li!

Then he goes southeast very quickly ...

Because Sang Mo does not know Qin Yu’s direction, he has not discovered any traces after a half day of chasing. He cannot help grudgingly accepting that this chase has failed and has no choice but to return to his den in rage.

In the palace of the Sang clan,

The man from the Green-eyed fish clan says smilingly: “Please don’t worry, Senior Sang Mo. This time you’ve asked 30 members of my clan to help you. Given our method of searching, that killer definitely won’t be able to lose us.” Obviously he is very confident.

Lifting his red robe, Sang Mo furiously takes the master seat of the main hall.

He went after the enemy in a big way but the enemy has escaped, so how can he possibly not be angry?

At this moment, 3 other men from the Green-eyed fish clan go into the main hall from inside the palace. There are fish scales on their faces too. These 3 men slightly bow respectfully as they see Sang Mo then one of them says: “Senior Sang Mo, our young have been able to trace the killer’s whereabouts.”

“Say.” Sang Mo says very loudly. His entire body’s aura rises.

That man says: “When you were chasing that killer, at first he rushed west then hurried south. We’re not clear about some places he went to in the process, but later he more or less ran southeast. At the moment he is about 7000 li to the southeast of where you first tried to chase him down.”

These men from the Green-eyed fish clan are controlling no fewer than 1000 fish each. Every fish has become one of their eyes. Moreover, they can easily discover Qin Yu’s identity based on his rushing speed and the fact that he does not have a demonic aura.

Perhaps within this area of 100,000 li in radius, only Qin Yu lacks a demonic aura and has such a fast speed.

“Very good.”

Sang Mo suddenly stands up then says to a member of the Sang clan in the main hall with a cold ‘humph’: “Sang Lanpu, I let you all handle a small matter but you were useless. Give the transmitter to the Green-eyed fish clan’s members.” He is obviously very dissatisfied with the members of his own clan.

That member called Sang Lanpu immediately takes out a transmitter then hands it over to a man from the Green-eyed fish clan.

Sang Mo stares at this man and says in an ice-cold voice: “This time, I won’t let that bastard escape again no matter what. The 30 of you from the Green-eyed fish clan must stay in the palace and work together. If there’s any news, tell me about it through the transmitter.”

Last time he failed because he could not receive information from others members of the Green-eyed fish clan. He has learned his lesson and is not going to make the same mistake this time.

Therefore, he has given one of these 30 men a transmitter and told all of them to stay in the palace to message him whenever they have any information.

“Please don’t worry, Senior Sang Mo. The fish controlled by the 30 of us average about one in several hundred li. As soon as that killer makes a move, they will detect him. He won’t be able to escape from the palm of our hand.” The man from the Green-eyed fish clan is very confident.

Sang Mo nods his head in satisfaction.

“Senior, the killer is currently in this area.”

He hands a jade slip over to Sang Mo directly. Giving it a scan with his holy sense, Sang Mo immediately knows the location of that area. A faint savage smile appears on his face: “Xiuxianist bastard, you won’t escape this time no matter what.”

With his robe flapping, Sang Mo flies out of the main hall at once.

......

Qin Yu is leaning tiredly on the side of an underwater rock. The clothes on his body however can repel water. At the moment he is frowning deeply. It is obvious that he is pondering.

“How was Sang Mo able to find my hiding place?”

Even now Qin Yu cannot understand this. After all, he has always been very careful. To the best of his knowledge, he should not have left any traces. After thinking for a while, he presses his temples. He has not had a moment of peace since arriving in this underwater world of demonic beasts after leaving the Qian Long continent.

He is already too tired.

“Father should be very happy now.” Qin Yu cannot help giving a faint calm smile.

His father is living in peace on the Qian Long continent while Qin Yu is fleeing for his life. Even worse, the enemies can appear anytime.

“Fish in the ocean are really beautiful.” Qin Yu makes a wave of his hand. The several hundred fish of different colors in his vicinity swim away joyously at once. In the ocean, shoals of fish are the most common sight. Sometimes, thousands or even tens of thousands of fish can swim together.

Swimming among fish is also a kind of enjoyment.

However, Qin Yu does not notice that a fish among these several hundred fish is slightly different from the others. The special technique of the Green-eyed fish clan is not something he can detect.

After resting for a while, he moves again.

There are very many Xiuyaoists in the ocean, but in this area of 100,000 li in radius, most Xiuyaoists are only at the Jindan stage. There are very few who have reached the early Yuanying stage but his holy sense discovers them long before they can discover him.

On the way, Qin Yu has to dodge continuously. Despite some scares, he does not encounter any serious dangers.

“Very good, let’s stay here and practice the Northern Darkness again.” He has seen a huge seamount that is formed by layer upon layer of coral. He goes into it through a crack. Then, with a shake of his stellar energy, he creates a cave directly.

Sitting down in this cave, he sorts things out a bit.

In terms of offense, he should be relatively formidable. Not only is he good at close-quarters attacks, he can also control the Flaming Sword to execute long-range attacks. Besides, there are some special techniques from the Stellar Transformations book that he can use.

As for escaping ability, his body is comparable to holy weapons and he does not seem to experience any resistance when going through the water. Once he uses the Body Weapon Unification, his speed will indeed be frighteningly fast.

Moreover, he even knows some fairly unusual special techniques -- Xiumo secret techniques!

“Whether to escape or to blend in with the Xiuyao world and experience it, I must learn the Northern Darkness.” Qin Yu immediately sits with legs crossed and begins to practice. Once again, he controls a thread of stellar energy, making it go up into his head.

His spiritual energy is indistinct and immaterial, as if it does not exist.

But stellar energy is a real force. His stellar energy then goes through his spiritual energy. Qin Yu simply does not know how to combine them with each other. Even worse, the practice method of this technique in that Xiumo book only has 1 word -- experiment.

He must experiment over and over again. The creator of this technique had to experiment many times before mysteriously succeeding. And so, not even he knew the exact reason for his triumph.

Despite having to try using this technique repeatedly, Qin Yu is not worried at all.

He has already made preparations to undergo a one-month closed-door training session here to experiment with the technique. A month later, because Sang Mo will not have found him, perhaps the hunt for him will be slowed down. However, when Qin Yu has just been practicing for a half day,

“Senior Sang Mo, according to my young’s message, he should be 100 to 200 li to the south of you. But I don’t know more details about his location.” The man from the Green-eyed fish clan sends a message.

There are no fish controlled by the Green-eyed fish clan around the place Qin Yu chose to undergo a closed-door training session, but a fish 100 li away from this location discovered that Qin Yu disappeared after rushing here, so it naturally judged that he is here.

“Well done, very well done.”

Sang Mo sticks out his blood-red tongue, giving a faint ferocious smile. Without turning into an octopus, he quietly approaches Qin Yu’s location in his human form. At the same time, he expands his holy sense to the utmost to search carefully.

Qin Yu is practicing, patiently experimenting with the technique over and over again. Every time he tries using it, he analyzes his errors. He keeps experimenting repeatedly.

“Sang Mo!”

Qin Yu’s eyes suddenly open. Almost at the same time, he stops practicing. Even though he has been practicing, his holy sense has been on high alert, and therefore he has quickly noticed that Sang Mo is approaching. However, at this moment, Sang Mo, who is moving extremely fast, has already passed the distance caused by the difference in range between his and Qin Yu’s holy sense.

Whizz!

Having no time to think about anything else, Qin Yu immediately crashes through the coral reef to rush out. He then rides the Flaming Sword and uses the Body Weapon Unification technique to flee east at his fastest speed. When Sang Mo’s holy sense has just discovered Qin Yu’s aura, Qin Yu is already running away again.

“Don’t even dream about escaping this time.” A faint cold smile appears on Sang Mo’s face. In an instant, his body transforms into a huge red octopus.

Concurrently with this, he gives the 30 members of the Green-eyed fish clan in the Sang clan’s palace an order through his transmitter: “Green-eyed fish clan’s members, watch carefully for me. Always send me info about that Xiuxianist’s location.”

After sending the message using his holy sense, Sang Mo immediately chases in Qin Yu’s direction.

Even though his speed is slightly faster than Qin Yu’s, he notices that his holy sense cannot detect Qin Yu’s aura again. Therefore, he concludes at once that this disgusting Xiuxianist has changed direction once more.

Which direction did Qin Yu run away in? The answer is impossible for Sang Mo to guess.

“Senior Sang Mo, the killer is 150 li to the south of you. He’s rushing south extremely fast.”

Sang Mo is overjoyed to receive this message from the man of the Green-eyed fish clan. He immediately chases towards Qin Yu’s current location at an exceptionally high speed. Even though the distance between them is only 150 li, because they are going in the same direction, only after quite some time can Sang Mo gradually get close to Qin Yu.

Qin Yu, whose holy sense has been spread out, quickly discovers that Sang Mo is several tens li behind him.

“How can Sang Mo know the direction I’m running in?” He knows that this is bad so he immediately changes direction once more. The distance between them grows again in an instant.

......

After a while, Qin Yu discovers once more signs of Sang Mo’s presence not far behind him. With anger and incomprehension, he changes his direction again, instantly pulling away from Sang Mo.

However, before long, Sang Mo comes near him yet again!

“How can this bastard know my changed directions?” Qin Yu’s eyes glitter with coldness. Obviously he has been infuriated.

But behind him, Sang Mo has become furious because of the chase as well: “Xiuxianist, disgusting Xiuxianist, how can he always know in advance that I’m in pursuit to change his direction beforehand? Could it be his holy sense has an even longer range than mine?” He cannot accept this outcome.

Both the pursued and the pursuer are fuming.

“The east!”

Once again, Qin Yu changes his direction. But this time he is unlucky because there is a fish that is under the control of the Green-eyed fish clan in his new direction.

“Senior Sang Mo, the east, he’s running east!”

This time it seems Sang Mo’s effort is not wasted. He rushes east in an instant and closes on Qin Yu fast. Qin Yu, who at first thought that he had widened the distance between him and Sang Mo again, is so frightened that he breaks into a cold sweat. At the same time, he rages.

“Even a clay statue would get angry if pushed to the wall. Don’t anger me, Sang Mo.”

Killing intent has started to rise in his heart.

......

At the moment, a dark cave at the bottom of the ocean seems to be a black hole. It is continuously swallowing up all natural kinds of energy in its surroundings. Some underwater demonic beasts which swim past this cave are even sucked in it directly without ever being able to escape.

Soon, the suction of the cave suddenly disappears.

From inside the cave,

2 blue beams of light shoot out. The source of the light is the eyes of a black eagle. Since practicing a forbidden technique in his hereditary memories, Xiao Hei has gone through drastic changes. Now he is much thinner than before and even looks absolutely exhausted.

“Big brother, I’m coming.”

His aura suddenly comes out from his body. It feels like ... an ice-cold sharp knife. With a movement of his body, which seems like a thin block of ice, Xiao Hei pierces through the water currents. He disappears in an instant. His current speed is even much faster than his speed when using the Passing Lightning Flashing Nine Times previously.

End of b5c9.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5, 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C10: Murderous Qin Yu; crazy Sang Mo

Both Xiao Hei’s body and wings have become much thinner. However, if someone weighed him, they would find out that the current Xiao Hei is even much heavier than before he used that forbidden technique. The reason for this is that he gobbled up the blood essence of quite a few demonic beasts which swam past the mouth of the cave and fused it with his body.

“My current condition is somewhat different from the one in my memories, but my speed and offense have even got a little more formidable than I expected.”

Xiao Hei is very satisfied with his current condition. Suddenly, his holy sense discovers an early Jindan-stage Xiuyaoist. Even though Xiuyaoists can kill each other in this underwater world, those who are subordinate to the same powerhouse generally will not fight each other.

This tiger shark Xiuyaoist is gadding about in a tottering manner, looking very relaxed.

Suddenly a black beam of light pierces through him directly. Only a deep growl (*) is heard. Afterwards the tiger shark is completely absorbed by that black light, including even his blood and flesh. The black light then turns into a black eagle.

“When performing this forbidden technique, I can’t control myself. Even though I’ve eaten up a Jindan demonic beast, his jade identity card has already been destroyed by my energy.” Xiao Hei takes out that tiger shark Xiuyaoist’s jade identity card.

This absorption technique of Xiao Hei’s not only swallows up a target’s entire body’s blood and flesh, but also robs him of his memories. However, Xiao Hei does not dare to absorb the target’s soul, nor can he do so.

......

Qin Yu keeps changing his direction. Whenever Sang Mo comes near him, his direction is changed. However, because Sang Mo has been informed again and again by the Green-eyed fish clan, he has been unable to pull away from Sang Mo. By now, he has been being chased by Sang Mo for a half day.

“There’s someone again!”

Qin Yu curses inwardly. His holy sense has just discovered members of the Sang clan popping up ahead of him. He immediately changes his direction once more. Now, not only does he have to flee from Sang Mo’s chase, he also has to be careful to avoid the Sang clan members sent by Sang Mo around.

After Qin Yu got away from him again and again, Sang Mo has ordered his clan’s members to start surrounding this area of 100,000 li in radius. With these Sang clan members’ encirclement, the situation obviously has become much worse for Qin Yu. Now, soon after taking a turn to avoid Sang Mo, he will suddenly detect members of the Sang clan not far from him.

“Senior Sang Mo, that killer is about 120 li to the south of you.” Another message from the man of the Green-eyed fish clan arrives.

At the moment, Sang Mo’s eyes are slightly red. It is obvious that he is burning with anger in his chest. Even though he has received this information, he is not as excited as before because he knows that it will be very difficult to capture the killer despite him being informed continuously by the Green-eyed fish clan.

“This Xiuxianist is even more slippery than a loach.” Even now, Sang Mo still does not know Qin Yu’s name.

However, the death of his son must be avenged, so Sang Mo keeps chasing.

After a long time,

This time, no matter how Sang Mo keeps chasing, he cannot detect Qin Yu. The Green-eyed fish clan can no longer detect Qin Yu’s aura either. And none of the Sang clan members can find out where he is. It seems Qin Yu has suddenly disappeared.

When almost every several hundred li is being monitored by a controlled fish and, on top of that, Sang Mo and the Sang clan members are making a sweep of this area with their holy senses, Qin Yu has disappeared just like that.

“Patriarch.”

A group of the Sang clan members looks at Sang Mo, not knowing what to do. Having failed to find the murderer, what can they possibly do?

A great fury has been built up in Sang Mo’s heart. He used such a large formation and even engaged the help of the Green-eyed fish clan and, besides, as the Sang clan’s patriarch, he himself has been chasing for so long, but they have been unable to catch a midget Xiuxianist, so how can Sang Mo possibly not become furious?

“This Xiuxianist, I’ll skin him alive one day eventually then throw him into a fire (**) ant nest to make him suffer the pain of being bitten by 10,000 ants. He’s going wail for 3 days before I let him die.” His eyes are full of enmity.

Sang Mo was enraged long ago by his son’s death and, moreover, he has not been able to catch Qin Yu for such a long time, therefore naturally he is even more furious now.

“Patriarch, can doing so alone vent our anger? We should cut off his johnson. Patriarch, I remember that there’s a group of perverts not far to the south of our palace, isn’t there. We should let them gang bang this brat for 3 days first ...” A member of the Sang clan proposes a method of punishment in a flattering manner.

Sang Mo’s eyes immediately brighten. It seems he is very pleased with it.

Another member of the Sang clan hurriedly says: “Patriarch, I’ve heard of a punishment called wooden horse. We’ll bring out a wedge-like block of iron first then make him sit down on it with spread legs. We’ll seal up his jindan to let his johnson and arse get a taste of it. Then ...”

......

One after another, the Sang clan members propose various malicious punishments. These Xiuyaoists have spent most of their time practicing so occasionally some of them became very bored. To relieve the boredom, they researched and came up with some torture methods. At times they even abducted some mortals and experimented on them on some uninhabited islands.

Sang Mo is very satisfied with their suggestions.

Only torturing Qin Yu with these methods will relieve his hatred.

“Very good, but if we can’t catch him, everything will be useless.” As soon as Sang Mo thinks about how hard it is to capture Qin Yu, his face darkens. “All right, let’s stop chasing for now.” At the same time, he gives the Green-eyed fish clan an order through his transmitter.

“Green-eyed fish clan’s members, all of you must watch out carefully. Once that Xiuxianist appears, tell me about it right away.”

After ordering, Sang Mo himself leaves first. His speed is much faster than ordinary octopuses’. He has no patience to go slowly together with these members of his clan. Those members then break up into small groups, some of which return to the palace while the rest go to other places.

An hour after Sang Mo and the others left this place, the dirt on the ground unexpectedly moves. Then a silhouette shoots out from underground. It is none other than Qin Yu.

“Sang clan.” His eyes are filled with iciness.

Half an hour ago, he was in a desperate situation because Sang Mo had been chasing him to the point where he had nowhere to run. So he immediately went into the ground and at the same time withdrew all of his stellar energy. He then stopped using stellar energy and suppressed his entire aura.

He has won the gamble.

Sang Mo was really unable to detect him. Once a person stops using his internal energy and suppresses his aura completely, other people basically will not be able to discover his aura. Unless they can detect his holy sense, they will not find him. However, Qin Yu’s holy sense is superior to Sang Mo’s.

Pu!

Qin Yu rushes upwards like a speeding arrow. At the moment he is only 4 to 5 km away from the ocean surface. In only a short while, he breaks out of the water and shoots straight up into the air.

“There’s someone.”

He quickly discovers that there are Xiuyaoists, who seem to be searching for something, above the ocean. He notices at once that some of those searching Xiuyaoists look familiar. They are none other than some of the Sang clan members he has seen before.

“It seems Sang Mo hasn’t given up.”

Qin Yu immediately dives into the water, his heart full of anger. Even though he has been fleeing for his life, he has never thought about going up to the ocean surface to fly away because he knows very well that it is even more dangerous there! There are several reasons.

Firstly, Xiuyaoists are also capable of flight. Moreover, generally, Xiuyaoists live between only 4 and 5 km deep in the ocean, but experts have holy senses that are over 10 km in range so, with a sweep of their holy senses, not only can they search the ocean, they can even search the sky.

Secondly, because it is very spacious above the ocean surface, once a silhouette appears in the air, it will soon be noticed whereas, at any rate, there are all kinds of coral, underwater rocks and even underwater mountain ranges at the bottom of the ocean to hide into.

Thirdly, the area of 100,000 in radius Qin Yu is currently in is still comparatively near the coast of the Qian Long continent. The waters near the coast like this area totally belong to Xiuyaoists. While the nearest island of Xiuxianists or Xiumoists from the coast is 100-odd thousand li away, there may be a Xiuyaoist on any uninhabited island in the areas of water near the coast.

Fourthly, there is one more reason, that is, it is definitely impossible for him to fly as high into the sky as he pleases!

Qin Yu knows very well that he will have to face more dangers as he flies higher. At a certain height, he will not be able to ascend anymore. Moreover, according to the descriptions by his master, Lei Wei, there are many terrifying dangers at high altitudes.

When even Lei Wei called them ‘terrifying’, it can be imagined how dangerous it is at extreme heights.

Since he cannot fly too high into the sky and, even worse, sky is spacious, he would have absolutely nowhere to run if spotted. So, what can he do in this situation? The only thing he can do is to stay underwater. After all, down here it is still possible for him to fish in troubled waters.

......

“Patriarch already said that Xiuxianist would possibly fly on his sword at some point. Brother, we must look out for him.” A Sang clan member reprimands loudly.

Another Sang clan member says in an unconcerned manner: “Why so serious, big brother? Besides our Sang clan, many Xiuyaoists who hanker for that middle-grade holy weapon are also watching for him secretly. Once that Xiuxianist gets careless ... ha-ha.” This Sang clan member laughs very maliciously.

......

Qin Yu is exerting the strength of his arms to swim in the ocean like a fish. Having been trained nonstop, his body now can compare with holy weapons and is frighteningly powerful. Even though he is using only physical power, he is still piercing through the water like a speeding arrow.

“Sang Mo, I can’t let you chase me all the time. The roles will slowly switch from now on.”

He expands his holy sense. With a shake of his arms, his entire body rushes through the water extremely fast like a fish. When using physical strength alone, he is only one tenth as fast as normal, but this is already enough for him.

......

“Hey, where do you think that Xiuxianist escaped to, bro?”

“What does it matter? Even Patriarch returned with nothing. Let’s just take a rest.”

2 members of the Sang clans are going side by side. During this period of time, the Sang clan’s members have all been troubled by Qin Yu.

“Bro, I didn’t expect to be attacked by a good-for-nothing demonic beast.” A Sang clan member says laughingly. All of a sudden, he turns around and makes a chop with his hand. But the only thing his eyes can see is Qin Yu’s Flaming Sword, which penetrates his throat directly in a blow.

Almost at the same time, Qin Yu’s left hand sticks into the chest of the other Sang clan member.

“Good-for-nothing demonic beast?” Qin Yu gets the 2 jindans then leaves in an instant.

Because he did not use stellar energy to go through the water, these Xiaoyaoists were not able to feel his aura, but when he came near them, they felt the movements of the water that he was causing. A moment ago, that Sang clan member even thought that he was being attacked by just a common shark. After all, he did not feel any energy or auras.

With this act, Qin Yu has finally started to strike back!

......

Qin Yu was even able to escape when surrounded by Sang Mo and so many other Xiuyaoists, so at the moment it is really very easy for him to avoid the pursuers.

On the 1st day, when he has just killed 2 Xiuyaoist, his traces are discovered by the Green-eyed fish clan, but immediately afterwards, he goes into hiding. This time he lies low for 3 days, during which time he quietly refines the jindans.

When a Xiuyaoist approaches, Qin Yu stops refining them. And after that Xiuyaoist has left, he resumes the refinement. In 3 days, the 2 jindans have been refined and absorbed completely.

He then gets into action again.

However, this time he is unlucky to have to spend several days to find Sang clan members. Even worse, there are 3 of them together. But Qin Yu goes berserk and explosively unleashes his stellar energy. Through close-quarters combat, he kills all of them, a late Jindan-stage Xiuyaoist and 2 middle Jindan-stage ones, at the first attempt.

Afterwards, he goes into hiding once more.

This time, he hides for 10 whole days. When 10 days has passed, he is on the move again ...

In 3 entire months, Qin Yu has killed 16 members of the Sang clan. Knowing that one member after another of their clan has died, the rest of the Sang clan seem to be terrified. They then gather in large groups, making it difficult for him to act.

But Qin Yu is very audacious!

Even when members of the Sang clan have formed a group, he still dares to sneakily attack them then runs away using the Body Weapon Unification technique. As his power gradually improves, the speed of the Body Weapon Unification also increases bit by bit, even to a point where it is approaching Sang Mo’s true form’s fastest speed.

Because he attacks sneakily then runs away using the Body Weapon Unification and, moreover, he suppresses his stellar energy to go through the water using his physical power, the enemies basically cannot track him. Even when the Green-eyed fish clan detects him, he can still flee in advance thanks to his holy sense.

Qin Yu has become murderous. This killing spree has made him murderous.

......

“Sang Mo, you wanted to corner me first, so don’t blame me for wanting to exterminate you clan!”

Sang Mo is holding a jade slip in his hand, which contains that message Qin Yu left him using the holy sense. This jade slip was left behind by Qin Yu right after he had killed the Sang clan’s members for the first time. Sang Mo can feel clearly the murderous intent that the message carries. He has no doubt at all about Qin Yu’s intention of destroying his clan. The fact that 30 members of his clan have died in the last half year is the evidence.

Sang Mo’s hands are shaking and his facial muscles are twitching.

At first, the Sang clan had even fewer than 200 members who have reached the Jindan stage in total, but in the last half year alone, 30 of them have died. At this rate, perhaps the Sang clan will be almost finished in 5 years. But Sang Mo’s current speed is only barely faster than Qin Yu’s. Worse still, Qin Yu seems to have been able to detect him a step earlier every time.

Sang Mo simply has no way to catch Qin Yu. After a half year of unsuccessful chasing, Sang Mo has accepted in his heart that he himself is incapable of capturing the enemy.

“Good, good, good!”

A furious Sang Mo says ‘good’ 3 times in a row. Then, with his eyes flashing with a red light, he takes out from his bosom a transmitter. After considering for a while, he clenches his teeth and immediately sends a voice message using his holy sense: “Vice master, please raise the reward of the offer. It will include not only a middle-grade holy weapon, but also ... my Thunder Hammer!”

In Sang Mo’s heart, the Thunder Hammer, a high-grade holy weapon, is even as important as his son.

To Sang Mo, making this decision is just like cutting a chunk of flesh off his heart. A high-grade holy weapon, no less! Even Yuanying-stage experts will be extremely desirous of it. Sang Mo also knows that the Blood-red Cave’s vice master Cha Ge, whose influence is immense, is among the many Yuanying-stage experts coveting this high-grade holy weapon Thunder Hammer.

“Want to destroy my clan? Then let’s see if you can survive those Yuanying-stage experts.” Sang Mo slowly says in a low voice, but his low hoarse voice resounds through the main hall, sounding very horrifying.

NOTE:

(*): In real life, sharks cannot growl.

(**): The words in my Chinese text are 玄气蚁窝, which to my knowledge make no sense, so I took a liberty by translating them into ‘fire ant’ (nest), one of the deadliest types of ants that attack in swarms.

End of b5c10.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5, 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C11: The return of Xiao Hei

In the Blood-red Cave in the Blood-red Ridge,

“Hah, Sang Mo indeed can no longer sit tight. He has even brought out that treasure Thunder Hammer.” Red-robed Cha Ge smiles broadly. It is obvious that he is in a very good mood. He has been waiting for this day for so long.

On one side of him, the silvery-armored guardian who has just delivered the message slightly bows and says: “Vice master, this Thunder Hammer is a high-grade holy weapon while the target is just a Xiuxianist who hasn’t even reached the Yuanying stage. This is really a piece of cake. There are quite a few Yuanying experts in the Blood-red Ridge. Perhaps most of them will emerge.”

“You’re wrong. This mission’s not simple at all.” Cha Ge stands up, slightly raises his chin then says smilingly in a haughty manner. “Tell me, when the target is only a Xiuxianist who hasn’t even reached the Yuanying stage, why has Sang Mo been unable to catch him for so long?”

That silvery-armored guardian becomes doubtful: “That’s right. What does this sub-Yuanying Xiuxianist rely on?”

Obviously having thought everything out, Cha Ge continues: “Let me remind you a bit again, Sang Mo even asked 30 members of the Green-eyed fish clan to help him.”

“Members of the Green-eyed fish clan?” The silvery-armored guardian is slightly startled. The northernmost area of 100,000 li in radius is really too far from this Blood-red Ridge -- being several million li away -- so most Xiuyaoists here do not know about some methods Sang Mo have used to chase Qin Yu.

Cha Ge was only able to find out about them thanks to the Blood-red Cave’s intelligence.

“That secret fish-controlling technique of the Green-eyed fish clan’s members is very capable. That Xiuxianist also doesn’t have a demonic aura so he must’ve been detected with ease. Once he was found out, given Sang Mo’s power, he should’ve been able to catch that Xiuxianist very easily.” The silvery-armored guardian says continuously.

However, as soon as he thinks about the outcome, he does not understand at all why Sang Mo has not been able to capture that Xiuxianist for so long.

“Why hasn’t he been able to catch him? Could this Xiuxianist have some special technique?” The silvery-armored guardian mumbles to himself. He really cannot figure this out.

Cha Ge however looks him and says confidently with a smile: “Right, what’s actually happened? I can see only 2 possible answers. First, that Xiuxianist has a special skill for hiding his aura, which can make it impossible for Sang Mo to catch him. Second, that Xiuxianist is extremely fast when riding his sword, so fast that Sang Mo can’t catch up with him.”

The silvery-armored guardian nods thoughtfully.

“It’s probably very hard for a mere sub-Yuanying Xiuxianist to hide his aura in front of Sang Mo.” He says after thinking for a while.

Cha Ge says with a nod: “Correct. Therefore it’s most probable that this Xiuxianist is simply too fast for Sang Mo to catch up with. Also, according to my info, Sang Mo has chased him many times, and even when the distance between them was only as short as several tens li, that Xiuxianist was still able to escape.”

The silvery-armored guardian says in amazement: “Such fast speed. Vice master, Sang Mo’s true form is an octopus. At his fastest speed, not even I can keep up with him. How was a Xiuxianist who hasn’t reached the Yuanying stage able to lose him?”

Cha Ge gives a brilliant smile and gently utters 2 words from his mouth: “Flying sword!”

The silvery-armored guardian is stupefied, but his eyes blaze after a short while.

When a person with not a lot of power can fly fast on his flying sword, it is highly possible that the flying sword itself is very good. Of course, another possibility is that he has a special method for riding swords. But Cha Ge really believes that the flying sword used by that Xiuxianist is of high quality.

“Judging from the info I got, this Xiuxianist’s flying sword is at least a high-grade holy weapon.” Cha Ge actually wanted to say ‘top-grade holy weapon’ because he knows very well how extraordinary Sang Mo’s speed is.

But how can a mere sub-Yuanying-stage Xiuxianist possibly have a top-grade holy weapon?

After all, even a Dongxu-stage expert has to be exceptionally extravagant to be able to possess a top-grade holy weapon. In the overseas Xiuzhen world, perhaps no schools are willing to give a top-grade holy weapon to a Xiuxianist who has not even reached the Yuanying stage.

Even if it is only a high-grade holy weapon, this will already be hard to believe.

“Perhaps that Xiuxianist had a lucky encounter or something in which he got this high-grade holy weapon by chance.” Cha Ge thinks so in his mind.

Suddenly --

Pa! Pa! Pa! ......

Clapping sounds rise behind him. A man who is very similar to Cha Ge walks out. Just looking at him, one would associate him with a sinister poisonous snake. This man is none other than the other vice master Cha Po.

“3rd brother, what you just said is very brilliant. Do you mind me going with you to capture that Xiuxianist?” Cha Po says smilingly.

Cha Ge curses in his heart while his face slightly changes color.

“Damn you Cha Po. You already got a high-grade holy weapon of your own. I’ve been waiting for so long for the appearance of the Thunder Hammer. Just now I got the news that it’d appeared and was able to guess that that Xiuxianist has at least a high-grade holy weapon. It was double joys for me, but you’ve come to fight me for them. Are you still my brother?!”

He is extremely furious inwardly. Even though he is suppressing his anger, his expression still looks very ugly.

“2nd brother, it seems big brother already gave you the high-grade holy weapon he got last time, right? But I don’t have any.” Cha Ge says indignantly. He has mentioned that past event immediately without beating around the bush.

When Cha Po hears this, he of course totally understands at once that his 3rd brother is thinking that he has come to contend for the holy weapons. He immediately says with a loud laugh: “3rd brother, you’re being a bit too petty. You should know me better than that. I already got a high-grade holy weapon, why would I hanker after another? It’s just that I’m feeling bored with staying in the cave so I want to go out together with you for a change.”

“Really?” Cha Ge is somewhat unconvinced.

Cha Po suddenly says with a stare: “3rd brother, I swear to Heaven that if I wanted to snatch those holy weapons, I’d be struck to death by a thunderbolt. Damn it, we’re brothers, do you think I’m the type who covets his own brother’s treasures?”

Cha Ge has a change of heart. Now he believes Cha Po. He knows his 2nd brother’s character very well, only that just now his mind was clouded by his concern. He says with a ha-ha laugh immediately: “2nd brother, don’t be angry. All right, let’s go right now.”

Cha Po says laughingly: “This is better. All right, I’ve messaged that Sang Mo to ask his 30 Green-eyed fish clan members help us monitor the area and to tell us when something happens.”

“Excellent. Let’s go!” Cha Ge also bursts out laughing. The 2 vice masters of the Blood-red Cave then leave the cave together. The true forms of this Cha Ge and his brother Cha Po are 2 blood-red aquatic pythons, which are a top-level species of snake.

In terms of power, even though Cha Ge is also at the early phase of the Yuanying stage, he is already stronger than Sang Mo, not to mention middle Yuanying-stage Cha Po.

In an underwater green mountain range that runs continuously for several thousand li, a man is sitting with legs crossed in a cave on the side of a seamount practicing. An indistinct cloud is spinning nonstop around his body while 3 jindans are floating in his vicinity.

After a long time, the indistinct cloud begins to shrink then fuses with that silhouette. Only now does the silhouette become clear. It is none other than Qin Yu. Compared to a half year ago, the current Qin Yu has a hint of coldness on his forehead.

He suddenly opens his eyes, shooting out an ice-cold clear look.

“After refining so many jindans, I unexpectedly haven’t reached the late Nebula stage.” A hint of powerlessness appears on his face.

When he refines a jindan, the impure energy, which makes up most of it, is burnt up by his Stellar Flame. Only the 10% essence of the jindan remaining in the end is absorbed by him. For the last half year, Qin Yu has killed 32 members of the Sang clan but most of them were at the early Jindan stage and only a few had reached the middle phase of the Jindan stage. As for late Jindan-stage Xiuyaoists, there were 3 of them altogether.

According to Qin Yu’s original estimation, he would have to refine 10 late jindans to reach the late phase of the Nebula stage.

He has refined 32 jindans for the last half year, but they unexpectedly have less energy in total than 10 late jindans. However, because the difference is not very great and, in addition, he has been practicing every day, he now has a feeling that he is going to reach the late phase of the Nebula stage soon.

“Currently I’m almost at the peak of the middle Nebula stage. In terms of speed, I’m also a bit faster than Sang Mo.” Qin Yu gives a faint smile.

For the last half year, he did not run to the 100,000-li radius northernmost area at all because he knew very well that this area had the most chasers. Therefore, he has always headed south, even when he was fleeing.

Sometimes he also turned east or west temporarily, but he has never returned to the north.

For the last half year, Qin Yu either practiced or hunted enemies down or hurried south with all his power. By now he has unexpectedly advanced more than 1 million li. He also used the Soul Examination when killing some members of the Sang clans so he has finally understood why his whereabouts have always been discovered.

“Green-eyed fish clan members.” Qin Yu’s heart is filled with frustration.

The fish controlled by the members of the Green-eyed fish clan look almost the same as common fish. At least Qin Yu cannot see the differences between them. Moreover, because fish are the most abundant animal in the boundless ocean, it is really difficult for him to avoid those controlled fish, which watch him from shoals of fish.

Therefore, the only thing Qin Yu has been able to do is bypass shoals of fish as much as possible. He could still be detected, but because has paid attention to shoals of fish, the frequency by which he is spotted has dropped sharply.

“Xiao Hei is unexpectedly even faster than me. He’s to my southwest.” Qin Yu shuts his eyes. His mind can feel Xiao Hei’s general direction. Long earlier he felt that Xiao Hei was not very far from him, but Xiao Hei seemed to have been chased because he was rushing south nonstop at a very fast speed.

Qin Yu became very worried at that time as he thought the reason Xiao Hei was running extremely fast instead of meeting him had to be him encountering some danger. Qin Yu thus began to chase south with all his might. However, he found that, the more he chased, the further the distance between him and Xiao Hei grew.

Qin Yu therefore concluded that Xiao Hei’s speed was too fast, much faster than his speed when using the Passing Lightning Flashing Nine Times before, and that it was even possible that his speed had improved 100%. Unable to catch up with Xiao Hei, Qin Yu could only give up unwillingly in the end.

Qin Yu also guessed how Xiao Hei had been able to become so fast. He thought that Xiao Hei either had greatly improved his power thanks to eating up many demonic beasts or was using some secret travelling skill.

But he never thought that Xiao Hei had used a forbidden technique to change himself completely. Xiao Hei has remodeled himself entirely with it and is totally different from the past in every respect. However, because it is a forbidden technique, it is also not so perfect.

“I’ve even been away from Xiao Hei for a half year.”

He smiles then comes out of the cave like a beam of light. Immediately afterwards, he rushes southeast. Except for when he encountered some Xiuyaoist, he has always hurried towards Xiao Hei’s location.

“Oh, Xiao Hei is coming towards me as well.”

A happy expression instantly appears on his face. He begins to rush in Xiao Hei’s direction at once. But covering the distance is only a secondary objective to him. On the way, if he encounters weak unreasonable Xiuyaoists, or members of the Sang clan who want to chase him, he will not show any mercy.

......

As Qin Yu alternates between going and practicing, 3 months quickly passes.

It has been very strange during these 3 months because the Sang clan members seemed to have stopped hunting for him. Qin Yu has basically not detected any members of the Sang clan for the last 3 months, and as a result, he has been able to travel much faster than before. In only 3 months, he has travelled almost the same distance as in the previous half year.

He has already covered more than 1 million li. Having gone such a long distance, he cannot help getting emotional.

Since Xiao Hei has been coming towards him and they have yet to meet for such a long time, it can be imagined how far Xiao Hei went in the beginning. At the moment, Qin Yu is about 3 million li away from the Qian Long continent. The distance that Xiao Hei has travelled for the last 3 months is definitely not shorter than the distance Qin Yu has travelled over the last half year.

This also means that for the last half year, Xiao Hei has travelled at least 4 to 5 million li, or even maybe more.

He has not been chased so much like Qin Yu, but being able to cover such a long distance in just a half year shows how terrifying his speed is.

Qin Yu is riding on his flying sword to go through the water. His heart is filled with joy. At the moment he can feel that there are only several tens thousand li left between him and Xiao Hei and it will take them less than a day to reunite with each other. This kind of feeling is very mysterious but he totally believes it.

“Xiao Hei, I’m coming.”

Piercing through the water like a beam of light, he has reached his maximum speed.

######

Riding their flying swords, the 2 brothers Cha Ge and Cha Po are going through shoals of fish and coral reefs. It has been very comfortable for them for last 3 months because they have alternated between heading west with going to the mansions of some Xiuyaoists to indulge in extravagant eating and drinking.

“2nd brother, these Green-eyed fish clan members are really very useless.” Cha Ge says spitefully.

The Green-eyed fish clan members now have much lower efficiency in gathering information about Qin Yu than before. Of course, the reason of this is that Qin Yu became aware of the threat that shoals of fish pose to him through using the Soul Examination and subsequently often avoided them. Currently the Green-eyed fish clan members can only get a piece of information in every day or two.

The message they received the day before yesterday says that theoretically Qin Yu is only 100,000 li away from them.

Cha Po says with a smile: “Don’t worry. According to the message we got 2 days ago and judging from that Xiuxianist’s speed, perhaps there’s only a short distance left between us and him. We can encounter him anytime in the next 2 days so you better be watchful using your holy sense.”

“Rest assured, I definitely won’t let him go.” An evil smile appears on the corners of Cha Ge’s mouth. He has been longing for a high-grade holy weapon for such a long time now.

Suddenly Cha Po says with glittering eyes: “Hah, a late Jindan black eagle. It’s very hard to come by a bird that dares to go deep into the ocean. You stay here first, 3rd brother. I haven’t tasted a bird’s flesh for so long already.” As Cha Po is saying this, he shoots northwards like a beam of light.

“Wait for me, 2nd brother. I’ll come to try its flesh too!”

Cha Ge gives a loud laugh then chases after Cha Po like a beam of light as well.

End of b5c11.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5, 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C12: 2 brothers vs. 2 brothers

“Big brother!”

Like a beam of light, Xiao Hei pierces through the water extremely fast. His eyes are flashing with excitement. He can feel that Qin Yu is very near him and the 2 of them will be able to meet each other again soon. After all, they have already been separated for so long.

On the Qian Long continent, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei were never away from each other for such a long time. They are about to reunite so at the moment they are certainly very excited.

“No good, there’s someone.” Xiao Hei’s holy sense has quickly discovered that 2 Xiuyaoists are charging at him at extreme speeds. Judging by the feeling he gets from his holy sense alone, Xiao Hei can confirm in an instant that they are absolutely experts. Unlike Qin Yu, he does not have the nourishment of the Meteoric Tear so his holy sense is not formidable at all. Because Cha Ge has reached the early Yuanying stage while that Cha Po is even a middle Yuanying-stage expert, his holy sense is naturally weaker than theirs.

In a moment, 2 silhouettes appear in front of Xiao Hei. They are none other than the Blood-red Cave’s 2 vice masters, Cha Ge and Cha Po.

“Hah, it’s indeed a bird. A bird going down to the seabed, oh my, this is really suicide.” Cha Ge says in a strange voice. His eyes occasionally flash with cold, sinister rays of light. Even the blood-red robe on his body is emitting a cold, sinister aura with high frequency.

Cha Po looks at Xiao Hei and immediately reaches out a hand to make a grab at him.

Xiao Hei is staring at these 2 Xiuyaoists. Suddenly, he flaps a wing. Because it moves extremely fast, it turns into a black blur and hits Cha Po’s hand squarely. Surprisingly, Cha Po’s hand is deflected away and blood starts oozing out of its skin.

“You even dared to injure me?!” The cold light in Cha Po’s eyes suddenly intensifies. Obviously he has become extremely angry.

In the eyes of Cha Po, a late Jindan-stage bird is simply a piece of cake. After all, the 2 of them are basically not on the same level.

“Ha-ha ... 2nd brother, I didn’t think you’d get hurt, and even worse, by a mere sub-Yuanying bird. This is really laughable.” On one side, taking pleasure in his brother’s failure, Cha Ge says while laughing out loud with his hands holding his own belly.

Cha Po of course knows Cha Ge is doing so on purpose.

“You dared to hurt me, so don’t blame me for showing no mercy, little bird.” He says coldly. His entire body then turns into a blur and charges straight at Xiao Hei. Cha Po is a middle Yuanying-stage expert after all so, despite not using his true form, he is still much faster than Sang Mo’s true form.

However ... at the moment Xiao Hei is not the same as he was a half year ago.

After absorbing many demonic beasts, he has broken through the middle phase of the Jindan stage to reach the late phase. In addition to this, he has been transformed by that forbidden technique. Therefore, his speed has improved more than 100% over the last half year. Now, even Qin Yu is nowhere near as powerful as him.

A black light beam flashes away extremely fast.

“What a fast speed. How can that bird still move so fast underwater?” Cha Ge, who is watching the fight on one side, cannot help getting astonished. He quickly finds that Xiao Hei’s speed is even faster than Cha Po’s.

Following that exceptionally quick exchange of blows, Cha Po and Xiao Hei move apart in the blink of an eye.

The former then looks coldly at the latter: “No wonder a late Jindan bird like you dares to run wild at the bottom of the ocean. It turns out you’ve got some special skills. You’re really fast. Perhaps no Xiuyaoists of your power level can be as fast as you.” As Cha Po is saying, drops of blood are trickling down from his left hand.

“I have an important thing to do, don’t block my way.”

Xiao Hei says via his holy sense in an ice-cold voice. He has also realized that the opponent is very powerful. Worse still, he has not even used his true form yet. Therefore, Xiao Hei has no intention of taking the offensive either.

“Whoa, 2nd brother, I’m surprised that you were injured by a late Jindan bird.” With his eyes brightening, Cha Ge adds fuel to the fire. “You better not fight if you can’t win, otherwise it’d be very bad if you got killed by this bird. Do you ... want me to help you, 2nd brother?”

Cha Po’s face turns cold. He shouts angrily: “No need. You just stay aside and watch.”

“Oh my, then I’ll keep watching your performance.” Cha Ge then just looks on from one side and says no more. He also knows he should stop before going too far. After all, if he said more and made his 2nd brother mad, the result of this would be very terrifying.

Cha Po reaches out his hands. 2 daggers suddenly appear in them. Both of these daggers radiate a blue light. Obviously they have been coated with poison.

“I hate those who are arrogant to me the most, especially ... being arrogant without power to back it up.” Cha Po says coldly. Xiao Hei, however, simply remains silent and stares at him directly with his eagle eyes, which seem to be able to pierce through his soul.

Cha Po feels very uncomfortable being stared at by Xiao Hei.

“Growl ~~”

A deep growl comes out from Cha Po’s mouth. On one side, Cha Ge changes his countenance abruptly and thinks to himself: “This sucks. 2nd brother has really gone mad. Is it really worth getting mad at this bird?” He immediately backs away several li.

Holding a dagger in each hand, Cha Po charges at Xiao Hei like a beam of light at his fastest speed.

Pa! Pa!

In an instant, Xiao Hei’s eyes brighten and send out 2 blood-red flashes of lightning. Yes, they are blood-red, looking as if they are formed from a blood-red flame each. This is one of the changes that have happened to Xiao Hei as a result of him using that forbidden technique.

Cha Po is very fast, but he is not as fast as the flashes, which immediately hit him. His body cannot help going numb. At the same time, he notices the appearance of a strange force, which seems to be both absorptive and corrosive.

“What’s that?”

Cha Po, astonished, activates the energy in his body to resist it at once. That strange force’s corrosive effect is really very strong. In just a moment, it leaves a wound on Cha Po’s body. Luckily for Cha Po, he has quickly destroyed Xiao Hei’s energy with his internal demonic elemental energy.

No longer daring to be careless, Cha Po activates his entire body’s protective demonic elemental energy, ready to defend against Xiao Hei’s attacks anytime.

Xiao Hei shakes his wings once, shooting out various blood-red flashes of lightning. Compared to the ones in the past, these blood-red flashes have the same lightning offensive power but, at the same time, they are also capable of absorbing and corroding. Being struck down at by several tens flashes, even Cha Ge gets muddled up.

“Growl ~~”

He opens his mouth wide and growls. Then his mouth unexpectedly begins to enlarge, turning into a huge python mouth. His body also transforms into a shockingly massive, sinuous blood-red python.

This is a blood-red aquatic python that is almost 100 m long and whose body is twice as thick as an ordinary bucket.

With a swing of his tail, the python’s 100 m long body starts to move. In an instant, the area within several hundred meters of him is covered by his attacks. Because this blood-red aquatic python is frighteningly fast, this area is full of red blurs.

Bang!

Even though Xiao Hei’s speed is astonishing, the speed of this middle Yuanying-stage expert Cha Po’s true form is even more terrifying. A red blur flashes by Xiao Hei and he is immediately sent flying.

Just now Xiao Hei’s body was hit by a fierce sweep of the python’s tail.

“I like to eat strong demonic beast the most.” Cha Po’s voice rises in Xiao Hei’s mind through holy sense communication. He then opens wide the frightening mouth of his huge python body and rushes at Xiao Hei like a beam of light.

Xiao Hei’s eyes are extraordinary. The blood-red aquatic python is very fast but he can still see his every single movement clearly, including even the movements of his tongue.

“Chirp ~~”

A light starts to flash on and off on Xiao Hei’s crown. He utters a shrill cry, which causes the water in his entire surroundings to vibrate for a short time and move outwards in all directions simultaneously, forming strong, surging undercurrents. Moreover, at this moment, the moonlight in the sky goes straight into the ocean.

“What’s going on?” Cha Po is startled.

He sees the moonlight shine on Xiao Hei in its entirety then spread out all over his body. Xiao Hei, who has been enveloped the moonlight, suddenly sends out a terrifying aura. Cha Po is secretly shocked because he can feel that fearsome aura clearly.

......

“This is bad. Xiao Hei is using that special skill. Could he have run into a danger?” Hearing that shrill cry, Qin Yu knows that Xiao Hei is in a difficult situation because the same skill was used to deal with Xiang Yang last time. He immediately accelerates.

However,

Because he has already almost reached his top speed, even though he starts to go all out from this moment, he can only run a bit faster.

......

Feeling that this is not good, Cha Po swings his body violently at once. It looks like the python’s body is going to hit Xiao Hei squarely, but there seems to be a layer of air moving around Xiao Hei’s body at the moment, and as a result, the swing is completely parried away.

Xiao Hei spreads his wings and flaps very gently once. The light on his body is instantly concentrated on the edges of the wings. Right afterwards, it shoots out at Cha Po in the form of 2 light-colored crescent blades. Giving Cha Po basically no time to dodge, the 2 crescent blades of light hit his body extremely fast.

Chi chi ~~~

Their strong corrosive effect immediately damages Cha Po’s scales. Cha Po yells miserably. At the same time, various streams of demonic elemental energy surge forth through his body, and in just about a moment, the 2 crescent blades of light disappear.

However, two 2 to 3 m long parts on Cha Po’s 100 m long blood-red aquatic python body have been damaged. Most of the scales on these 2 parts have been corroded to the point where even the flesh underneath is exposed. However, these are merely flesh wounds.

“Growl ~~~”

The blood-red aquatic python gives a mad growl. His entire body then charges at Xiao Hei continuously like a serpentine red thunderbolt. Xiao Hei dodges nonstop like a black beam of light. This fight between an eagle and a python is really intense.

“No good. This python’s demonic elemental energy is frighteningly strong.” Xiao Hei feels that his situation is not good. A middle Yuanying-stage Xiuyaoist’s demonic elemental energy is several times more powerful than his. Even worse, blood-red aquatic pythons are an extremely fearsome species of snake. In just a while, the wounds on the python’s body have already been covered in new scales, only that these scales are very weak.

Snakes regularly shed their skins so it is not difficult for a middle Yuanying-stage blood-red aquatic python to regenerate his scales. The only problem is that the new scales are not as strong defensively as the old ones.

“Die!”

Cha Po’s voice suddenly rises in Xiao Hei’s mind. Immediately, a green beam of light is shot at Xiao Hei from the blood-red aquatic python’s mouth. As an experienced fighter, Xiao Hei has long been prepared for something like this. With a sweep of his holy sense, he finds out that this green light is a thin flying sword.

He also opens his mouth, and a flash of lightning is shot out.

Boom!

The flash and the green light collide. Xiao Hei suddenly utters a painful cry. Blood spurts out of his throat. That flash of lightning is actually the high-grade holy awl that he forged. Even though both he and Cha Po use high-grade holy weapons, Cha Po’s demonic elemental energy is several times more powerful than his.

Therefore, Xiao Hei has been badly injured by the head-on collision of the weapons.

“Hah, a high-grade holy weapon!” Cha Po becomes excited.

Xiao Hei however makes a shake of his wings and cuts through the water to run away extremely fast like a thin black beam of light.

“Don’t think about escaping!”

Cha Po’s massive blood-red aquatic python body also pierces through the water like a red thunderbolt. The pursued and the pursuer -- an eagle and a blood-red aquatic python -- quickly disappear. However, the direction Xiao Hei is fleeing in at the moment is -- the south!

He knows Qin Yu’s power level. When he himself, who has reached the late Jindan stage and even used a forbidden technique, is unable to win against Cha Po, Qin Yu will definitely be killed if he gets involved in this situation. Therefore, Xiao Hei of course does not run towards Qin Yu.

A beam of light chases after them but then it stops. This is none other than Cha Ge.

He looks in the direction Cha Po has disappeared in and lets out a cold ‘humph’, feeling very frustrated. Because his speed is fairly slower than Cha Po’s, he was only able to chase several tens li before his holy sense could no longer detect Cha Po and Xiao Hei within its range.

......

“Xiao Hei, make sure nothing bad happens to you.”

Qin Yu is very anxious inwardly. Piercing through the water, he rushes in Xiao Hei’s direction at his fastest speed. After a while, he feels a chaotic aura so he stops at once.

Looking at traces of blood floating in the water, he can feel Xiao Hei’s aura clearly.

This place is where Xiao Hei and Cha Po fought each other just now. The blood floating here consists of both Xiao Hei’s blood and Cha Po’s.

“Xiao Hei has fought here and even been injured.” Qin Yu quickly figures out what happened. Feeling that Xiao Hei is running south extremely fast, he knows that Xiao Hei is being chased by someone and, moreover, he is fleeing south in order not to entangle him.

“Ha-ha, I never thought that I’d strike lucky after 2nd brother had chased that black eagle. My dear Xiuxianist, I’ve been looking for you for a very long time.”

Following the loud laughter, a very thin man robed in red appears not far from Qin Yu. That man’s eyes are blazing and flashing.

Qin Yu’s face changes color. Just now, because he discovered traces of Xiao Hei’s blood, for a while he trembled in his heart with worry about Xiao Hei and also paid no attention to his surroundings. Unexpectedly, during this short period of time, Cha Ge returned in disappointment after failing to catch up with his 2nd brother and immediately detected Qin Yu.

Discovering that Qin Yu does not have a demonic aura and judging from the fact that the Green-eyed fish clan’s most recent message says that the Xiuxianist is currently in this area, Cha Ge naturally was able to figure out Qin Yu’s real identity.

“An early Yuanying fella, plus his demonic aura seems even stronger than Sang Mo.” Qin Yu quickly makes a judgement. “I’m only at the middle Nebula stage. For the moment I can’t even handle Sang Mo. This man seems not weaker than Sang Mo.”

He has secretly made a decision.

“Who are you?” He says coldly.

“I am ...” Cha Ge says haughtily, but when he has just said ‘I am’, Qin Yu immediately rides his flying sword and uses the Body Weapon Unification technique to flee west. In just about a moment, he has already got away several km.

Cha Ge is furious: “You dared to fool me?!”

Riding his flying sword, he chases after Qin Yu at once. Blood-red aquatic pythons are much more gifted than octopuses. But the octopus family has a great number of members while blood-red aquatic pythons are very rare, amounting to just a few individuals at a time.

“So fast.”

Qin Yu is shocked to find out that Cha Ge, who is riding a flying sword, unexpectedly does not fall behind him. After chasing for a while, noticing that he has not been able to close on Qin Yu, Cha Ge turns into a 70 to 80 m long blood-red aquatic python while letting out a yell then chases after Qin Yu extremely fast.

A blood-red aquatic python’s speed in the ocean is simply frighteningly fast so the distance between Cha Ge and Qin Yu decreases very quickly at once.

End of b5c12.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5, 13
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C13: Deadly poison

As the blood-red aquatic python pierces through the ocean, his huge body makes the water in his vicinity become turbulent. His 2 red eyes, filled with a sinister iciness, are staring directly at Qin Yu, who is running away extremely fast ahead of him.

The distance between them grows shorter and shorter.

“This python is even a bit faster than Sang Mo.” Qin Yu takes a look backwards. The coldness in his eyes suddenly intensifies. Clenching his teeth, he unexpectedly stops completely in an instant. The blood-red aquatic python seems to never have anticipated that Qin Yu would halt abruptly, but he reacts very quickly and stops before ramming into Qin Yu.

He stares at Qin Yu with his red eyes then turns into a human again with a shake of his body.

“Sang Mo, I’ve found him. Just wait and get that Thunder Hammer ready, ha-ha ...” Cha Ge complacently sends a message to Sang Mo through his transmitter. At the moment he is totally confident because by feeling Qin Yu’s aura he knows that Qin Yu’s power level is only around the middle phase of the Jindan stage. This kind of Xiuxianist is definitely no match for him even if they use a high-grade holy weapon.

“Then I’ll wait for your good news, vice master.”

As Cha Ge is staring at Qin Yu before him, a faint cold smile appears on the corners of his mouth.

“How are you, Xiuxianist?” He tauntingly greets Qin Yu. He has never feared anyone within the territory of the Blood-red Cave. At the moment, Qin Yu is slower than him so he even feels like playing a game of cat and mouse.

Qin Yu has known very well since he heard the sentence ‘I’ve been looking for you for a very long time.’ that the Xiuyaoist in front of him has been hunting for him, perhaps also because of Sang Mo’s reward offer.

“Xiuyaoist, I can see that you’re not weaker than Sang Mo. I’m surprised that someone like you wants to hunt me down. You’re doing this for a middle-grade holy weapon or a favor from him?” He says indifferently and calmly while looking at Cha Ge.

For the moment Qin Yu has no intention of using the Meteor Escaping Art to flee either. After all, having experienced the pains caused by the Meteoric Tear after he used it last time, he will not easily rely on it again.

“Ha-ha ... Sang Mo, you said that idiot Sang Mo?” Cha Ge laughs out loud loftily. “What’s the use of a middle-grade holy weapon? How can it make me hunt for you?” He disdains a middle-grade holy weapon very much.

“Oh? Looks like you want a favor from Sang Mo.” Qin Yu says laughingly.

Cha Ge says with a shake of his head: “Favor? No.” He looks at Qin Yu with a hint of amusement in his eyes. “Given Sang Mo’s puny power and position, his favor is a worthless piece of crap to me. I can order him directly as I please, so why would I want a favor from him?”

Qin Yu is secretly startled.

The man before him unexpectedly can give Sang Mo orders. At first he only thought that Cha Ge was someone of the same level as Sang Mo, but now it looks like he has underestimated the opponent.

“Then why are you chasing me?” Qin Yu is very calm.

“Oh, my cute Xiuxianist, it seems you still don’t know that in order to hunt you down, Sang Mo has raised the reward.” Cha Ge says laughingly in a casual manner. “However, I’m chasing you not only because of the high-grade holy weapon that Sang Mo has offered as the reward, but also because of the high-grade holy weapon on your body.”

“My high-grade holy weapon?”

Qin Yu looks at Cha Ge. His expression freezes in an instant.

“Ha-ha ... Don’t deny it. The flying sword you rode just now must be a high-grade holy weapon. Otherwise, how could you have been so fast? Frankly, I think not even a high-grade holy weapon can help a middle Jindan Xiuxianist like you move so fast. Ah, don’t tell me that your flying sword is a top-grade holy weapon.”

Cha Ge’s eyes immediately blaze.

Even though he cannot believe that a Jindan-stage Xiuxianist can possess a top-grade holy weapon, Qin Yu’s speed just now has greatly shocked him. A blood-red aquatic python is very fast in the ocean and, moreover, he has reached the early Yuanying stage and was using his true form, but he was only able to go a bit faster than Qin Yu.

Could it be ... this is really a top-grade holy flying sword?

“Top-grade holy weapon? How about this? I’ll give you my flying sword and you’ll pretend that you’ve never seen me.” Struck by a thought, Qin Yu says smilingly. Concurrently with this, the Flaming Sword appears in his hand then floats up under his control.

Cha Ge is startled. He moves his eyes around then says with a ‘he-he’ laugh: “In fact I only want a holy weapon. Since you’re already so sensible, I won’t trouble myself either. I’ll take the flying sword.”

After saying so, with a movement of his body, Cha Ge makes a grab at the sword.

“This stupid brat, I’ll take his flying sword first and immediately personalize it then kill him.” Even he finds it rather troublesome to have to fight a user of a high-grade holy weapon.

Now that the opponent has offered him that weapon, he is naturally glad to take it.

According to his thinking, the opponent is merely at around the middle Jindan stage so his soul should not be strong either, and therefore it will take him just a little while to forcibly personalize that flying sword.

Suddenly --

Hu hu ~~

Stellar energy rushes forth from inside Qin Yu’s body in the blink of an eye and forms a huge nebular maelstrom. Qin Yu’s eyes flash with coldness. The nebula in his dantian begins to rotate extremely fast too. His entire stellar energy has been unleashed.

The Stellar Field!

“You even dare ...” Seeing this scene, Cha Ge knows that the opponent wants to attack. He is also not a fool to grab that flying sword now because the opponent can easily control the sword to attack.

“Idiot.”

In just a moment, Qin Yu turns into several illusions. However, for some reason, he is not using the Flaming Gloves at all. Qin Yu’s illusions have surrounded Cha Ge. At almost the same time, the illusions launch different attacks at Cha Ge such as punches, finger swords, knife hand strikes and so on.

“Ha-ha ...”

Cha Ge turns his face upwards, laughing out loud. The demonic elemental energy in his whole body surges forth and unexpectedly shakes away all of Qin Yu’s strikes.

Qin Yu clenches his teeth. In an instant, he suddenly splits into 6 illusions, which, with a twist of their waists, immediately begin to rotate fiercely. Concurrently with this, they swing their right legs violently like windmill blades and hit Cha Ge’s neck with no mercy.

Bang!

After hitting Cha Ge’s neck, the 6 illusions disappear, leaving behind only Qin Yu’s real body, whose one leg is currently on Cha Ge’s neck.

“In terms of attack resistance, we blood-red aquatic pythons aren’t weaker than divine dragons.” At this moment, Cha Ge says to Qin Yu. A layer of scales has unexpectedly emerged on his neck, rendering all of Qin Yu’s close-quarters attacks ineffective.

Qin Yu does a backflip then retreats very far.

Close-quarters attacks are fairly effective against humans, whose bodies are relatively weak, but they are much less useful against Xiuyaoists. The reason of this is that the true forms of quite a few Xiuyaoists make them extremely formidable physically, for example, blood-red aquatic pythons, aquatic dragons, horned dragons, and so on.

“Very strong attack resistance indeed.” Qin Yu says in wonderment.

Hearing Qin Yu’s praise, Cha Ge feels even more proud of himself, but he still says: “Though you’re a Xiuxianist, your physical power is really very formidable. In fact your last strike just now forced me to use my protective scaly armor.”

Qin Yu says in admiration: “Such attacks by me couldn’t break your defense, and you haven’t even used your true form yet. It’s true that Xiuyaoists are much more powerful than humans at any given power level. But ... I won’t give up.”

“If not for that high-grade holy weapon, I’d really be unwilling to kill you.” Cha Ge says so, but at the same time he moves like a flash. 2 daggers appear in his hands and he thrusts them straight towards Qin Yu. The blades of the daggers radiate a green cold light.

Deadly poison.

“Just die.” Qin Yu says in his mind. The nebula around him starts to spin extremely fast again. The Stellar Field is executed once more, just like how it was used just now. He controls the Flaming Sword to block the daggers and throws 2 punches at Cha Ge using his hands.

Cha Ge cannot help giving a faint smile.

After experiencing Qin Yu’s attacks moments ago, he already knew that Qin Yu’s offensive force at least cannot injure him. In order to be safe, he covers his body in a layer of protective scaly armor, which is formed from his scales.

Of course, his current defense is not as astonishing as when he switches to his true form, but this is still a high level of defense.

“Ya!”

Qin Yu clenches his teeth tightly to a point where even his blood gushes out. A frightening, cold beam of light suddenly shoots out from his eyes. While coming at Cha Ge, his fists suddenly open and turn into 2 spear-hand strikes (*), which have the most powerful penetrating offensive forces. At the same time, the Flaming Gloves appear.

Pu! Pu!

The fierce penetrating forces coupled with the high-grade holy weapon Flaming Gloves are simply irresistible. Qin Yu’s spear hand strikes immediately break that layer of scaly armor then pierce through it, aiming to finish this blood-red aquatic python off by smashing his internal organs.

However --

“Growl ~~~”

The moment the scaly armor is penetrated, a series of deep growls rises. In an instant, Cha Ge’s body unexpectedly transforms into a 70 to 80 m long blood-red aquatic python, which immediately attempts to wrap his body around Qin Yu, wanting to strangle him to death.

“Cunning Xiuxianist, I’m going to eat you!”

Cha Ge’s furious voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind. He has really been enraged, because Qin Yu has plotted against him twice.

The 1st time, Qin Yu took the initiative and ran away in the middle of a conversation with him. The 2nd time, Qin Yu did not use the Flaming Gloves when attacking in the beginning to make him miscalculate the difference in power between them.

Therefore, when Qin Yu attacked again, Cha Ge was careless and had to pay a great price for this.

With a shaking movement of his body, Qin Yu avoids the python’s incoming wrapping attack like lightning. He then immediately says via his holy sense: “Blood-red aquatic python, just now you were lucky that I couldn’t kill you in one hit. But ... even though I didn’t penetrate your heart, it still got a shock from my penetrating force and was injured pretty bad, right?”

Cha Ge of course has been injured and, even worse, injured very seriously.

Due to the close-quarters strikes Qin Yu had used in his 1st attack attempt, Cha Ge misjudged Qin Yu’s power. He thought that his protective scaly armor was more than sufficient and did not even use his demonic elemental energy to defend himself at all. As a result, in Qin Yu’s 2nd attack attempt, relying on the high-grade holy weapon Flaming Gloves, Qin Yu was able to breach the scaly armor directly with 2 spear hand strikes.

Moreover, the spear hand strikes did not only deal damage through Qin Yu’s physical body, but also through the penetrating forces they carried, which went into Cha Ge’s body through his flesh and injured his heart.

“Yaaaa ... You pissed me off!!!”

The blood-red aquatic python swings his body nonstop, completely disturbing the water in his surroundings. However, a mouthful of blood suddenly spurts from his mouth. The heart is a vital part so even though it was only shaken up by Qin Yu’s penetrating forces, he has been severely injured.

With a solemn expression, Qin Yu makes a hand sign then immediately shouts: “Illusion Spreading Sword Art -- Starry Starry Night!”

His Flaming Sword flies upwards and creates a blurry area in the blink of an eye. Countless sword silhouettes shoot straight at the blood-red aquatic python from that area. As Qin Yu sees this scene, a faint smile appears on his face.

Xiuxianists, Xiuyaoists and Xiumoists each have their own specialties. Xiuxianists’ various kinds of sword arts are really outstanding. As for Xiumoists, they have many strange yet very powerful holy weapons. Qin Yu has read quite a few Xiuzhen secret books so naturally he has learnt some sword arts.

The Illusion Spreading Sword Art was a sword art that Qin Yu put emphasis on learning.

“Growl ~~~”

The blood-red aquatic python lets out a deep growl then turns his huge head, staring at Qin Yu. His red eyes are radiating an obvious red light. With a movement, the head turns into a blur and arrives at Qin Yu’s face instantly.

In terms of speed, the python’s head is even faster than his body.

Chi, chi, chi, chi ...

Many sword silhouettes hit the blood-red aquatic python’s body but they only leave faint bloodstains on his outer scaly armor and fail to inflict any serious wounds on him. Simply ignoring these attacks, the blood-red aquatic python opens his large mouth, which looks like a basin of blood, and bites at Qin Yu.

A stench reaches Qin Yu. He immediately moves his hand sign, thrusting the Flaming Sword straight down at the blood-red aquatic python extremely fast from above. Meanwhile, taking advantage of the forces of the water around him, his body makes a gentle movement and avoids the bite of the blood-red aquatic python.

Pa!

A red blur flashes across Qin Yu. He vomits blood and is sent flying at once.

“Damn it. This python’s tail is even faster than his head.” Spitting out a mouthful of blood, he can feel that all of his internal organs have been injured. Just now he only saw a red blur before the swing of the tail hit him.

Compared to the python’s head, his tail is 2 to 3 times faster, which is too terrifying. But at this moment, the Flaming Sword, which is heading directly for the python’s head, has already almost reached its target.

“Growl!”

The python raises his head and unexpectedly takes a bite at Qin Yu’s Flaming Sword in an absolutely fearless manner. A hint of ruthlessness appears in Qin Yu’s eyes. Through mental control, he makes the Flaming Sword accelerate and thrusts it straight at the python’s wide open mouth.

“If you bite, I’ll pierce through your throat!”

He has become ruthless.

Whizz!

A yellow beam of light shoots out from the python’s mouth and hits the Flaming Sword squarely. Qin Yu then discovers that the sword has unexpectedly got much heavier and its speed has decreased a lot as if it is no longer under his control.

Only now can he see clearly that some yellow liquid is sticking on the Flaming Sword while emitting various yellow wisps of smoke.

NOTE:

(*): In the Chinese text, Qin Yu uses 2 knuckle-protruding punches, which in real life have very weak impact force and are almost totally useless, so I changed them to 2 spear hand strikes.

End of b5c13.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5, 14
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C14: Life for life

Seeing that there are a poisonous liquid on his flying sword, Qin Yu thinks in his mind. Immediately, flames appear on the surface of the sword. They then burn away the poisonous liquid, causing ‘chi chi’ sounds. Meanwhile, Qin Yu can feel the Flaming Sword becoming increasingly easier to control.

“Growl!”

When the huge mouth of the python is about to shut to complete the bite, the Flaming Sword goes extremely fast towards Qin Yu, who takes hold of it with a grab. After the sword was stuck on by that yellow liquid just now, he no longer dares to let the python bite at it because heaven knows what other tricks he still has up his sleeve.

After all, when the opponent dares to bite at the sword, he must already have some method to handle it.

“Ha-ha, a real good flying sword. I’m going to eat you first then take your flying sword.” Cha Ge’s voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind via holy sense communication. At the same time, the python’s massive body begins to move extremely fast, creating a red blur.

Qin Yu also moves extremely fast using the Stellar Field.

“This fella’s speed is too fast, especially his head and tail.” He is very worried. When using the Stellar Field, he can avoid the attacks, but this technique consumes too much energy so he cannot rely on it all the time.

He instantly rushes up to the python’s stomach.

Forming a claw with a hand, he pierces through the scaly armor on the python’s stomach with a claw strike. The power of the Flaming Gloves is simply undeniable. The python lets out a painful growl. Both the yellow mucus and the ice-cold poison fangs in his mouth can be seen clearly.

Pa!

A red blur shoots at Qin Yu. When he just thinks about dodging, he is already hit.

The heavy swing smashes into his chest. Judging from a series of bone-shattering sounds heard right afterwards, 2 of Qin Yu’s breastbones should have been broken. Concurrently with this, his internal organs all get a violent shock. Blood then spurts out directly from his mouth.

“If this continues, I’ll surely be played with to death by this python. If I use the Meteor Escaping Art, it’ll take me very long to recover. I’d rather ... risk my life to fight him.”

When he was first chased by the blood-red aquatic python, he immediately made a plan, one that was only going to be used in a desperate situation. And at the moment, Qin Yu has decided to put this plan into action.

“Animal.”

Like a sharp claw, Qin Yu’s hand penetrates the blood-red aquatic python’s scales. The python utters an agonized loud growl at once and swings his tail at Qin Yu again. However, at almost the same time as when Qin Yu penetrates the scales, he does a flip and gets on the neck of the python directly. The python’s tail sweep therefore hits the wound that was caused by Qin Yu a moment ago.

“Growl ~~”

Discovering that Qin Yu has unexpectedly got on his neck, the python immediately becomes furious. He opens his basin-like blood-red large mouth and takes a bite at Qin Yu. At the same time, he thinks that Qin Yu will definitely dodge this attack.

After all, if bitten even once, Qin Yu’s body will definitely be wrecked and he, of course, will die as a result.

However,

“A life for a life!”

Qin Yu suddenly shouts loudly and fills up the Flaming Sword in his hand with his stellar energy. He also explosively releases his entire strong physical power. Clenching his teeth, he ruthlessly thrusts the sword down.

“Let’s see if you can also survive decapitation.” Qin Yu’s ice-cold voice rises in Cha Ge’s mind through holy sense communication.

The blood-red aquatic python has already opened his basin-like blood-red large mouth. His poison fangs are easy to see. Now he is about to bite into Qin Yu but what Qin Yu has just said startles him.

Can he still live after getting beheaded?

That is impossible. The soul is located inside the head so once his head is cut off, he will surely die. Cha Ge has never thought about his death. Just now, even though he went berserk, he did not think that he would die either. After all, he is a vice master of the Blood-red Cave, no less.

Perishing together with a Xiuxianist? No way!

But he suddenly feels a series of acute pains, which stupefies him. It turns out Qin Yu’s Flaming Sword has pierced his neck. It then spins a circle through his neck violently. Seeing his death coming, Cha Ge seems to go mad. He bites into Qin Yu ferociously.

The python’s head then falls down. Cha Ge looks at Qin Yu with his ice-cold red eyes, which are full of disbelief. Has he really been killed?

Even though his head has been cut off, his consciousness can still exist for a good few seconds.

Pu ~~

Blood spouts from the severed neck. That huge headless body of the blood-red aquatic python is still wriggling and quivering nonstop.

However, the python’s head has already bitten through Qin Yu’s body. His stomach has been completely penetrated by the 2 poison fangs. Now there is a shockingly large hole on Qin Yu’s stomach. Even his spleen has been smashed while his liver has also suffered fatal injuries.

As Qin Yu sees the disbelief in Cha Ge’s pair of red eyes, a faint smile appears on the corners of his mouth.

Feeling his head spinning, he hurriedly takes the head and carcass of the huge blood-red aquatic python into his spatial ring with a wave of his hand. It is essential that he does this to remove all the traces of what has happened. He knows very well that despite the Meteoric Tear’s continuous maintenance, it will not be long before he can no longer hang on.

“Break.”

Qin Yu goes straight into a coral reef below him. But his control over the body is getting weaker and weaker.

“I’ll leave everything to you, Meteoric Tear.”

Then he loses entire control of his body. A natural suction in his vicinity is pulling his soul. Qin Yu’s soul floats up, seemingly wanting to fly away from his body. However, at this moment, not disappointing Qin Yu’s hopes, a familiar heat current envelops his soul.

Immediately, he is not affected by that suction anymore. Feeling the presence of this heat current, he stops worrying.

Right afterwards, his body begins to slowly recover in silence ...

At present, a girl is moving gracefully through the water at the bottom of the ocean. This girl is dressed in blue clothes and is holding a zither in her bosom. Her beautiful silky black hair is casually tied up with a blue silk ribbon and hangs loose about her waist, which is slender and fastened closely around by a white belt. She also appears to be slightly ample-chested. And there is always a faint, relaxed smile on her face.

The blue-clad girl is not riding a flying sword. It looks like she is going very slowly but in fact her movements have a fantastic effect which is similar to that of a distance-shrinking technique. In just a while she has already covered several thousand li. Heaven knows how many times she is faster than Qin Yu.

“Oh?”

All of a sudden, the blue-clad girl stops in an elegant manner and casts a look at the coral reef in which Qin Yu is hiding. It seems she can see through the coral because a hint of amazement appears on her face as she is looking. Afterwards, she has a relaxed smiling expression again.

She then makes a wave of a sleeve, revealing a beautiful snowy arm.

And at this moment, Qin Yu’s body in the coral reef also disappears. Following this, the blue-clad girl continues to walk in leisurely steps while hugging her zither. In an instant, she vanishes from this area.

......

In a secret room of the Blood-red Cave in the Blood-red Ridge,

The Blood-red Cave’s master Cha Hong is sitting with legs crossed on a bulrush mat, continuously shooting many streams of demonic elemental energy at a black jade case that is floating in front of him. This black jade case looks very old and simple. There are 2 lively, vigorous words on its cover -- Nine Swords.

Cha Hong is the real leader of the 8 million li radius area controlled by the Blood-red Cave. He is much more powerful than his 2 younger brothers.

Early Dongxu stage!

This is Cha Hong’s real power level. In this underwater world of Xiuyaoists, where Yuanying stage practitioners are regarded as first-class experts, a Dongxu stage Xiuyaoist is certainly classified as a super expert. It should be known that even the 9 Purple Demon aquatic dragons of the Nine Demons Hall, one of the 3 underwater superpowers, are all only at the Dongxu stage.

100 years ago, when Cha Hong obtained this black jade case, he was extremely excited. From then on, he left all of the Blood-red Cave’s matters in the hands of his 2 younger brothers. By contrast, he himself has often undergone closed-door training sessions ever since with each of these training sessions lasting for several years.

This time, he has been undergoing this closed-door training session for 3 years.

After a sigh, Cha Hong stops sending out his demonic elemental energy and examines the black jade case. He says with a slight nod of his head: “It won’t be long. I’ll be able to succeed within 3 years. I’ve been trying hard for 100 years so 3 more years is no big deal.”

In order to open this black jade case, Cha Hong has been draining the energy of its seal for the last 100 years.

“Even a simple Dust Removing Seal is already so formidable. The sealer must’ve been terrifyingly powerful in the extreme.” Cha Hong’s face is full of admiration. “No wonder it was an immortal. With this power, a wave of the hand would be enough to destroy me.”

The Dust Removing Seal is one of the lowest seals in the Xiuzhen world and is generally used to prevent dust.

How powerful can a dust-preventing seal possibly be? If this was a formidable seal, once attacked, it would hit back. But this Dust Removing Seal only protects an object from getting dirtied by dust and cannot counterattack.

Luckily it cannot hit back, otherwise Cha Hong would be unable to open this jade case given his power level.

Even though it is the simplest seal, Cha Hong has had to be extremely persistent in dealing with it. During the last 100 years, he has often undergone closed-door training sessions to drain the energy of the seal bit by bit, yet the seal still has not run out of energy after such a long time.

“Penglai Immortal Region, Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon, Azure Dragon Palace, Nine Demons Hall, Blue Water Mansion, perhaps none of you thinks one of the Nine Swords is in my hands. Humph, one day, the underwater world of Xiuyaoists will definitely have 4 superpowers instead of 3!”

Cha Hong’s eyes glitter.

He has an ambition in his heart. However, he has to rely on this black jade case to achieve it.

“But my current power is still not enough. At least I have to reach the late Dongxu stage to be able to bargain with them. Now the most important thing to do is endure silently. I can’t let them know that I’ve got a jade case.” Cha Hong remembers how he was able to come into possession of this black jade case.

After thinking it through again, he is certain that he has eliminated all of the people who knew about this event and there will be absolutely no problem.

Cha Hong cannot be blamed for his cautiousness because if the superpowers such as the Azure Dragon Palace and the Nine Demons Hall get wind of this treasure, given Cha Hong’s current power, he will simply be unable to prevent them from robbing him of it. It is disaster to obtain a treasure without power to keep it.

Therefore, Cha Hong must lie low.

Bang! Bang! Bang! ......

Suddenly, knocking sounds rise continuously at the stone door outside the secret room. It seems someone is hitting the door repeatedly.

Cha Hong is furious. No one is allowed to disturb him during a closed-door training session. Because he often stays in this secret room to drain the seal’s energy, he is always uneasy. As soon as someone comes near the door, he will become worried.

“Who? Knocking the door during my training session, do you want to die?”

Cha Hong’s deep, powerful voice comes out of the room.

“Cave master, we’ve got a very bad situation. A vice master is already dead.”

With a movement of his body, Cha Hong disappears from the room in an instant, and that black jade case also disappears.

......

Outside the room, 3 guardians are standing respectfully at the stone door. There are very anxious looks on their faces at the moment.

Chi chi ~~~

The stone door opens. The Blood-red Cave’s master Cha Hong walks out with a dark, grave expression. He immediately shouts at the 3 guardians: “Say, who’s dead? Tell me everything in detail.”

The silvery-armored guardian among them goes forwards, saying: “Cave master, vice master Cha Ge and vice master Cha Po went out to hunt for a Xiuxianist 3 months ago. Now vice master Cha Ge is already dead.”

“Hunt for a Xiuxianist?”

Even though Cha Hong is infuriated by his younger brother’s death, he is still very sober. To handle serious matters successfully, he definitely cannot lose his composure at random.

“Cave master, some time ago, guardian Sang Mo’s son was killed by a Xiuxianist. Later, guardian Sang Mo tried to chase him down, but guardian Sang Mo was really incompetent. He unexpectedly couldn’t catch the Xiuxianist and it seems quite a few members of his clan even got killed by the enemy. Sang Mo then offered a reward for catching the Xiuxianist. It is that high-grade holy weapon Thunder Hammer.” The silvery-armored guardian gives a detailed account of the matter.

After listening, Cha Hong has a rough idea of what has happened.

His 3rd brother always wanted a high-grade holy weapon, but obtaining one is easier said than done. Even though Cha Hong used to have an extra high-grade holy weapon, he later gave it to his 2nd brother Cha Po.

He did this because he found Cha Po strong. A high-grade holy weapon would greatly enhance Cha Po’s power and turn Cha Po into another expert on his side. But if he had given the weapon to his 3rd brother, who was only at the early phase of the Yuanying stage, it would have been wasted.

Cha Ge always wanted a high-grade holy weapon so it is not hard to imagine why he got into action this time.

“3rd brother is dead? Plus, he even left together with 2nd brother. Could that Xiuxianist be very formidable?” Cha Hong asks doubtfully.

The silvery-armored guardian says: “That Xiuxianist is very weak. He’s not even reached the Yuanying stage yet. Sang Mo couldn’t catch him only because he is too fast. I simply can’t understand how vice master was killed.”

Cha Hong slightly nods.

If the Xiuxianist was really formidable and could even kill Cha Ge, perhaps Sang Mo would have been dead long ago.

“Didn’t 2nd brother go with 3rd brother? In his presence, how could 3rd brother possibly die?” Cha Hong says loudly.

The silvery-armored guardian says with a shake of his head: “I don’t know, but vice master Cha Po should be all right since his soul jade slip is still intact. As soon as I discovered the death of vice master Cha Ge, I hurriedly came here to inform you of it, so I haven’t had time to ask vice master Cha Po.”

Cha Hong takes out a transmitter.

“2nd brother, 3rd brother is already dead. What are you doing?”

At the moment, Cha Po, who is chasing Xiao Hei, is also filled with anger. His true form’s speed is not slower than Xiao Hei’s, but Xiao Hei has gone straight through some long narrow holes like a black beam of light. By contrast, because his true form is too large, he has had to crash through them and therefore has been slowed down.

“What? 3rd brother is dead?!” Cha Po is startled.

“What are you doing?”

“I’m chasing a black eagle.”

“Get the hell back at full speed for me!” Cha Hong’s message contains an extreme anger. Knowing that his 3rd brother is dead and seeing his big brother so furious, Cha Po ignores that disgusting black eagle and rushes back to the Blood-red Cave at his fastest speed.

End of b5c14.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5, 15
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C15: Miss Li’er

After an indeterminate period of time, Qin Yu can gradually feel the existence of his body. He moves his fingers. In just a while, the feeling of having his whole body under his control comes back to him. He cannot help giving a faint smile.

When he opens his eyes, the first thing he sees is a bamboo roof.

“Not the coral reef!”

His face changes color greatly. He sits up at once, his eyes glittering intensely. After a moment, he looks around and quickly gains a good grasp of everything in his surroundings. This is the interior of a very tranquil bamboo room. There is no one else here.

Originally Qin Yu was hiding in a coral reef, but upon regaining consciousness, he discovered that he was in a bamboo house, so how could he possibly not have been shocked? He immediately uses his holy sense to check his body over, including his soul and everything inside his dantian.

After finding that there is nothing wrong with his body, he secretly lets out a sigh of relief.

When being restored by the Meteoric Tear, he basically does not have the slightest amount of power to resist whoever wants to kill him. Now, it looks like the one who took him here did not inflict any injuries or use any restrictive spells on him.

Qin Yu looks outside the house. He is astounded to find out that this bamboo house is surrounded by the boundless ocean. Obviously some restrictive spell has been set up outside the house and is screening out all of the water directly, leaving this house totally unaffected by the water. He expands his holy sense.

This bamboo house has 3 front rooms, 3 back rooms, and a courtyard in the center. There is absolutely no water in the courtyard and the rooms, but outside the house is the limitless ocean. At the moment, there is unexpectedly nobody else in this bamboo house.

“Who’s the owner of this place?” He gets out of bed to leave the room. The moment he gets down from the bed, his holy sense feels someone approaching in the courtyard. He immediately exits the room in 2 steps.

Wise and stable!

The 1st impression Qin Yu has when looking at the man in front of him is that this is a wise, stable person. His calm eyes seem to be able to see through other people’s souls in an instant. And he looks like a 40 year old mortal.

“Young man, you’ve regained consciousness?” This man says smilingly.

Qin Yu puts his mind on alert. He simply does not know when he was saved and brought to this place. If that happened soon after he had been injured, this man must know how severe his injuries were. His spleen was shattered, his liver was damaged very badly and there was a huge hole on his stomach. Theoretically, these were absolutely fatal injuries.

So, ordinary people would definitely be amazed to see that he has now become vigorous again.

“I am Liu Xing. Sir, may I ask who you ... Ah, you’re a human!” Qin Yu jumps out of his skin because he has just made a sweep with his holy sense and discovered that the man before him unexpectedly does not have a demonic aura. Moreover, he simply cannot get any information about this man’s power level.

To the best of his knowledge, his holy sense can at least find out the power levels of those at the early Yuanying stage or below and therefore this man should have reached the middle Yuanying stage at a minimum.

“You can call me Uncle Lan. Right, I’m indeed a human. Well ... you can think of me as a Xiuxianist.” Uncle Lan says with a relaxed smile.

Qin Yu is greatly shocked inwardly. A Xiuxianist who dares to go down into the ocean will encounter mortal dangers anytime. Therefore, even people of high power levels do not dare to stay long underwater. After all, there are very many experts among underwater Xiuyaoists.

“Uncle Lan, you’re a Xiuxianist, then why are you staying underwater?” Qin Yu asks doubtfully.

He does not take notice of the sentence Uncle Lan said just now -- ‘you can think of me as a Xiuxianist’. If he was really a Xiuxianist, why would he have said so? It is just that at the moment Qin Yu is worrying that the secret about his Meteoric Tear will be discovered and is also amazed to know that Uncle Lan is human, so naturally he pays no attention to this flaw.

“I’m staying at the bottom of the ocean because Li’er likes the environment here. It’s I who brought her to this place.” Uncle Lan explains smilingly. He seems to have a fairly good impression of Qin Yu.

“Li’er?” Qin Yu is surprised.

“It’s Li’er who took you here, but she already went out. Come. Get a taste of the tea I’ve prepared.” Uncle Lan says enthusiastically then leads Qin Yu into the courtyard at the center of the house. They sit opposite each other.

Uncle Lan pours 2 cups of tea for both of them. Afterwards, he begins to chat with Qin Yu.

Even though the chat is very relaxing, all the while at the bottom of his heart Qin Yu is worried about whether or not his secret has been discovered. What ordinary Xiuzhenists would not be amazed by and curious about the fact that he was able to survive such mortal injuries?

“Uncle Lan.”

An elegant voice rises. Qin Yu turns his head to take a look.

He sees a girl with long, silky black hair that hangs loose. Her eyes give people a feeling of serenity, her skin is glowing like jade, her blue clothes are very casual and a white belt is fastened fairly closely around her waist.

The girl is holding a bamboo basket with some lingzhi mushrooms in it in her left hand.

“Liu Xing, this is Li’er. It’s she who saved and brought you here.” Uncle Lan says with a smile.

Qin Yu looks at the girl named Li’er before him. In the past, because his father was a prince, even the female servants in his family were all beauties. However, the girl in front of him ... To tell the truth, she has jade-like glowing skin and an air of elegance, but her face can only be considered above average.

“Miss Li’er, thank you for saving my life.” Qin Yu slightly bows and says.

His mind, however, is on full alert at this moment as he does not know when this Miss Li’er saved and took him here. If most of his injuries had healed by the time she saved him, this will be a good thing because in this case she should know nothing about his fatal injuries.

“There’s no need to thank me, Mister Liu Xing. I brought you here, but even if I hadn’t done that, you would still have been able to recover by yourself.” Miss Li’er looks at Qin Yu with her brilliant, crystalline eyes. There is a rare hint of curiosity in those serene eyes now.

Qin Yu suddenly frowns.

He has found out that the Meteoric Tear is nourishing his soul with a heat current that is 2 to 3 times as powerful as the heat current it normally sent out in the past. He does not know the reason of this. To be exact, the heat current sent out by Qin Yu’s Meteoric Tear has intensified a lot since the appearance of Miss Li’er.

“Mister Liu Xing, Uncle Lan, please continue with your conversation. I’m going back to my room now.” Miss Li’er slightly motions then goes towards the 3 rooms at the back of the bamboo house and comes into one of them directly. In this house, the 3 back rooms belong to Miss Li’er while Uncle Lan uses the 3 in the front.

Qin Yu now has occupied one of the rooms.

“Uncle Lan, Miss Li’er doesn’t seem to be very powerful. How can you let her stroll around the underwater world of Xiuyaoists alone with no worries?” After drinking up his cup of tea, Qin Yu asks smilingly. Just now, with a sweep of his holy sense, he discovered that this Miss Li’er is unexpectedly only at the early Jindan stage.

It is very dangerous for anyone with just early Jindan-stage power to enter the underwater world of Xiuyaoists, let alone an early Jindan-stage human Xiuxianist.

Uncle Lan closes his eyes to enjoy the flavor of the tea then says with a smile: “Li’er has some special skills. Even though she can’t win against Xiuyaoists, to protect herself in the underwater Xiuyao world is no problem to her at all.”

“Special skills?” Qin Yu secretly remembers this.

The meeting with Miss Li’er moments ago has left him with a faint good impression of her.

Suddenly --

A very serene and fresh piece of zither music rises, sometimes sounding like the tinkling of a stream, sometimes reminiscent the water flowing down from a high mountain. Qin Yu cannot help putting his cup down and closing his eyes to feel the music carefully. On one side, Uncle Lan also does the same.

The music then intensifies, sounding like ocean waves crashing against the shore unceasingly. After a long time, the music changes again. Now it is evocative of an endless forest and the steady rustling of the pines. In the end, the music makes Qin Yu feel as if he has entered a land of ice and snow, and as if the entire world has been covered in white.

It is only long after the music has stopped that Qin Yu wakes up.

He opens his eyes with nothing but quietude in his heart. Since rashly going into the underwater Xiuyao world, he has been suffering the hardship of being hunted by Sang Mo and has even had a serious battle against a blood-red aquatic python so he has not been able to rest easy.

But now, for the first time since his entrance into the underwater Xiuyao world, Qin Yu has calmed down.

“Miss Li’er’s zither skill is definitely at grandmaster level.” He praises sincerely. He has listened to the music performed by zitherists who were called masters in his father’s mansion before, but he feels that this Miss Li’er is basically 2 levels above them.

With a hint of confidence on his face, Uncle Lan says: “Even in my clan, Li’er’s zither skill is top-class. You’re very lucky to be able to hear her perform.”

Qin Yu has just listened to only a piece of music but his mind seems to have been cleansed. During this period of time, all those killings have made him cruel and antagonistic, but this piece of music alone has purified his mind.

“In one respect, Miss Li’er’s zither skill also represents the level of her mind. I feel that her mind seems to have reached a very high level.” Qin Yu says doubtfully.

Through the sounds of the zither alone she was able to create such a majestic, fresh and serene atmosphere, and even made Qin Yu feel as if he was personally experiencing what the music was conveying. How can someone with a low level of mind possibly have achieved such skill? But why a person with such a profound mind is only at the early Jindan stage?

Uncle Lan smiles: “Li’er has no interest in practicing even though she’s exceptionally talented. If she wanted to practice, she’d surpass me very quickly. But she has no intention of practicing so her power has only reached that level.”

Only now does Qin Yu know for certain that his holy sense does not deceive him. Miss Li’er is indeed only at the early Jindan stage.

“Sis Li’er.”

Following a loud roar, a monkey rushes in from the outside. Qin Yu can only see a golden light flash before a monkey stands in front of him. With a sweep of his holy sense, he is secretly startled to find out that this monkey has reached the middle Yuanying stage.

At this moment, he is finally able to confirm one thing -- his holy sense is comparable to that of a middle Yuanying-stage Xiuzhenist. As he is observing the monkey, the monkey also takes a look at him.

“Kaka ... you’re the wounded man that sis Li’er brought here, right? I’ll introduce myself first. I’m Hou Fei. Kaka ... I’m stronger than you!” After saying so, the monkey bursts out laughing while scratching his head.

Uncle Lan says loudly: “Hairy monkey, show our guest some courtesy.”

Only when the monkey hears that does he suppress his unruliness, saying: “Master, there are no experts in this valley. This man isn’t at a high power level but he can give me a fight. The other demonic beasts in the valley no longer dare to fight me.”

Qin Yu is shocked in his heart.

It turns out this middle Yuanying-stage monkey is actually Uncle Lan’s disciple. When his disciple has reached the middle Yuanying-stage, then how powerful is he? At least Qin Yu cannot find out Uncle Lan’s power level, nor can he make a fairly accurate guess at it.

“You’re always brawling all day long. Be quiet for me.” Uncle Lan says loudly in a solemn voice. The monkey immediately stops saying and stands on one side.

Uncle Lan then says smilingly to Qin Yu: “Liu Xing, this monkey is very noisy and eccentric like that, but he’s a divine beast Fiery-eyed Aquatic Monkey. Perhaps there’s no other one like him in the underwater Xiuyao world.”

Now Qin Yu is greatly shocked inwardly.

This is a divine beast and, moreover, a Fiery-eyed Aquatic Monkey or something. The secret books he has read talked about some divine beasts too, but none of them was a so-called Fiery-eyed Aquatic Monkey. However, he basically does not doubt Uncle Lan’s words.

“Kaka, I’m a one-of-a-kind divine beast, but Master doesn’t let me leave the valley. He said my power is too weak, humph, humph.” Hou Fei on one side says with pretended annoyance.

Qin Yu’s heart, however, skips a beat.

His power is too weak? Not even a middle Yuanying-stage divine beast is allowed to leave the valley? This Uncle Lan really demands too much of his disciple. After all, divine beasts cannot be judged by their power levels. Generally, they are at least 10 times stronger than other experts of the same power levels as theirs.

A middle Yuanying-stage divine beast can compare with a normal Dongxu-stage Xiuyaoist.

......

Qin Yu and Uncle Lan talk to each other in the courtyard of this bamboo house for a long time. Somehow this Uncle Lan seems very interested in him. Instead of chatting to Hou Fei, an expert and also his own disciple, he chats to Qin Yu for more than a half day.

Hou Fei is forced to call Qin Yu ‘big brother’, just like how he was forced to call Miss Li’er ‘big sister’ in the past.

......

Now Qin Yu is in his room. Earlier, he requested Uncle Lan not to let anyone come into his room so that he would be able to practice. Without saying a word, Uncle Lan set up a restrictive spell that surrounded the room completely. However, it did not affect Qin Yu’s entering and leaving the room at all.

“I’m very weak when compared to Hou Fei, not to mention when compared to Uncle Lan.” Having become aware of the gap between them, he decides to refine the blood-red aquatic python’s yuanying.

His holy sense goes into his spatial ring. There is a huge carcass of a blood-red aquatic python in the immense space of the ring. He gives it a thought and a vague mass of a purple light appears in the palm of his hand.

There is a yuanying in the middle of the purple light. Because its owner’s soul has disappeared, now this yuanying is like an energy crystal.

Qin Yu sits down with legs crossed. The yuanying is floating in front of him. His indistinct stellar energy rushes forth and forms a maelstrom-like nebula around his body. At the same time, a stream of his Stellar Flame enfolds the yuanying and begins to gradually melt it and get rid of the impurities. The energy of the yuanying then starts to move according to the rotation of the maelstrom of stellar energy ...

NOTE:

Li’er’s name is pronounced similarly to Lee-er, and not Liar.

End of b5c15.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 16
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C16: Courting disaster

After refining the energy by burning up the impurities, Qin Yu absorbs the life essence that is left in the end. The yuanying of an early Xiuyaoist, and moreover, one whose true form was a blood-red aquatic python, has much more energy than the yuanying of a human of the same power level.

In his dantian,

The various silvery grains have become very big in size. With each of them moving around in a circle, they constitute a huge maelstrom. In the center of the maelstrom is a blue flame -- the Stellar Flame. As time passes, the silvery grains become larger and larger.

Clack!

Suddenly, a silvery grain splits in two. Following this, the other silver grains in Qin Yu’s body all break in half as well. In just a while, the number of silvery grains inside him has doubled. Now, his dantian his thickly dotted with silvery grains, which form a dense maelstrom together.

Late Nebula stage!

The higher the risk, the higher the potential return.

Qin Yu arrived in the underwater world of Xiuzhenists less than a year ago, but he has finally made another breakthrough in power, reaching the late Nebula stage. At the moment, the energy inside Qin Yu is much purer and stronger than it was previously. His overall power thus has improved a lot.

However, even though he has reached the late phase of the Nebula stage, he has only consumed more than half of the yuanying’s energy. Therefore, he keeps absorbing ... Time goes by. After spending 9 whole days, Qin Yu has eventually refined all of the yuanying.

He opens his eyes, which have a hint of joy in them at the moment.

“If I ran into that blood-red aquatic python again now, it shouldn’t be so hard to handle him.” He is totally confident.

In the past, the creator of the Stellar Transformations, Lei Wei, was able to single-handedly kill 1 Dacheng stage expert in addition to several loose immortals and several tens Dujie stage and Kongming stage experts when he was only at the middle phase of the Dujie stage and had yet to undergo his tribulation.

Basically, users of this technique can even kill people who are a few levels above them in power.

The Stellar Transformations is different from the other Xiuzhen techniques, in which it is not impossible to overcome the gap between 2 successive stages despite it being relatively great. Each stage of the Stellar Transformations is essentially different from the previous.

At the Nebula stage, the user’s stellar energy is still in its most common form.

To reach the Meteor stage, he will have to refine all of his silvery grains and merge them into a single golden particle of essence. Because this golden particle of essence, which is called a Meteor, is formed by refining all of the silvery grains, its energy is on a completely different level from Qin Yu’s current stellar energy.

“Now I’m already at the late Nebula stage, dealing with ordinary early Yuanying opponents is no longer a problem. It’s still hard to handle top demonic beasts like that blood-red aquatic python but I can manage it. When I reach the early Meteor stage, perhaps I can even handle early Dongxu opponents directly.”

Qin Yu knows his practice technique very well. Once reaching the Meteor stage, he can definitely be considered a humanoid divine beast among Xiuzhenists with equivalent power levels!

Too bad, to reach the early Meteor stage from the late Nebula stage, even if he absorbs demonic beasts’ yuanyings, he will need at least 8 or 9 pieces, and if he only practices by himself, it will take him about several hundred years to succeed.

“Oh, this blood-red aquatic python’s storage bracelet is pretty good.”

A storage bracelet appears in Qin Yu’s hand. It is none other than Cha Ge’s bracelet. As Cha Ge died, this bracelet also became ownerless. Qin Yu’s holy sense immediately enters the bracelet and begins to examine everything.

“Tut-tut, this blood-red aquatic python is really wealthy.”

This bracelet’s space is fairly large, being about 20 m in both length and width. There are a large pile of nothing but normal gold, a 0.5 m high small pile of purple gold beside it, and some other minerals in the bracelet at the moment.

Normal gold is mundane but purple gold can be forged into flying swords. Generally, no more than 2 to 3 jin purple gold can be obtained from refining 1000 jin normal gold. A flying sword that is forged from purple gold alone is only a low-grade holy weapon.

But purple gold works best as a supplement. Melting it then carving written talismans or seals into a flying sword with the molten purple gold will produce excellent results. One should know that molten purple gold is a top-grade material for making written talismans and seals.

As for the other minerals in the bracelet, except for a few good enough to be made into middle-grade holy weapons, they can only be used to forge low-grade ones.

“Oh, authority card?”

Qin Yu discovers an authority card in a corner of the storage bracelet. He gives it a thought and it immediately appears in his palm. This authority card is black and has 2 words Blood-red written on it. Qin Yu’s complexion immediately changes as he sees the words.

“A Blood-red Black Card, only the 3 cave leaders have this kind of card.” His face goes pale in the blink of an eye.

The Blood-red Cave controls an area of 8 million li in radius. It has a cave master and 2 vice masters. These 3 leaders each have a Blood-red Black Card while the 13 guardians’ authority cards are Blood-red Crimson Cards.

In this area, only the 3 cave leaders are given a Blood-red Black Card each, then who was the python that he killed?

“Could it be ... that blood-red aquatic python was a legendary cave leader?” Qin Yu is discomposed. While chasing him, Cha Ge transformed in to a huge blood-red aquatic python, but it should be known that pythons are a relatively big clan in the ocean.

Therefore, he did not connect the blood-red aquatic python with a cave leader.

“Right, that fella said he could order Sang Mo.” As Qin Yu recalls that sentence Cha Ge said, he is even more certain about his conjecture. It is highly possible that he has killed a vice master of the Blood-red Cave.

It has never crossed his mind that the blood-red aquatic python might have been the cave master. According to his memories, the cave master can be considered invincible in this area, so how could he possibly have killed someone like that?

“This is ... a transmitter?” Qin Yu finds a transmitter in the bracelet. Thanks to having used the Soul Examination previously, he has also got a rough idea of transmitters and other matters related to the Blood-red Cave. When he scans the transmitter with his holy sense, his face changes color in an instant.

“Vice master, you should’ve killed that Xiuxianist, right? Congratulations! My Thunder Hammer is waiting for you to take it.”

“What’s the matter, vice master? You haven’t killed that Xiuxianist yet?”

“Xiuxianist, is that transmitter in your hands? I’m surprised that you was able to kill vice master. Oh my, you’ve really got some power. Ha-ha ... but now, even without me offering a reward, you should just prepare to suffer cave master’s furious anger. By killing vice master, you basically signed your own death warrant.”

3 holy-sense-based messages have just been sent to the transmitter in his hand.

As soon as Qin Yu takes a look, his heart trembles. Just as he expected, the blood-red aquatic python he killed was none other than a vice master of the Blood-red Cave.

He has courted danger!

A grave danger!

Within 8 million li of this place, the Blood-red Cave is like a dictator. Even worse, according to the information he got from using the Soul Examination, the cave master, the most fearsome figure in the Blood-red Cave, is undoubtedly someone of peerless power in this area.

Qin Yu is rather confused for the moment. How can the Blood-red Cave’s master possibly let the matter rest when he has already killed a vice master?

“Now there’s only one solution.” His eyes flash with a hint of fierceness. If he wants to go through the underwater Xiuyao world safely, he must grasp how to use the Xiumo Secret Skill Northern Darkness. Only by suppressing his aura completely can he make it impossible for Xiuyaoists to figure out that he is human.

He will suppress his aura first then change his appearance, and even the air about him!

Changing the air about him is the most important. Once it is changed, even Sang Mo will not necessarily be able to tell that he is the Xiuxianist. If Qin Yu wants to change the air about him, he will have to do 2 things -- change his mannerisms and learn the Northern Darkness.

Once he has learnt the Northern Darkness, his body will suck his aura in like a black hole, looking very oppressive. Obviously when the air about him, his appearance and his clothes have been altered, Sang Mo will basically be unable to recognize him.

“Learning the Xiumo Secret Skill Northern Darkness is the most important thing to do.” Qin Yu makes up his mind. He must practice until mastering the Northern Darkness, not only to avoid this manhunt for him, but also to prepare for the future.

However, after 3 days of practicing, he has to admit that successfully learning the Northern Darkness is not something that can be done in a short period of time at all.

“Kaka, a bunch of idiots, you’re too weak, too weak!” An arrogant, wild voice rises outside. Hearing it, Qin Yu cannot help but give a smile. It is obvious that the voice’s owner is the Fiery-eyed Aquatic Monkey Hou Fei. He immediately leaves his room and goes outside the bamboo house.

He has been at this place for quite some time, but he has yet to observe it carefully.

The bamboo house is located in a ravine inside a valley deep in the ocean. This ravine itself is camouflaged by natural barriers and, moreover, Uncle Lan has set up restrictive spells at its opening so it is practically impossible for outsiders to enter.

The scenery inside the valley is very beautiful with all kinds of multicolored fish, lustrous green crystal trees, purple lingzhi mushrooms, some luminous silvery-shelled shrimps and huge black turtles that are 7 to 8 m long.

One thing is for sure, this ravine is very beautiful. At the moment, Hou Fei is brandishing a black stick fighting against 3 Xiuyaoists in a place of the ravine.

Bang!

A man who is holding 2 daggers and wearing a suit of armor is sent flying by Hou Fei with a blow of the stick.

Hou Fei’s stick then instantly turns into 3 blurs. A thin man who is wielding 2 sharp, long spears in his hands can only block 2 blurs in time with his spears. The remaining blur of the stick smashes straight down on this man, sending him flying.

“Kaka, go!”

Right after the stick has been brought down, Hou Fei gently stretches his leg and a fat man with a turtle shell on his back is kicked away at once.

Fighting one-on-three, Hou Fei has won with ease.

“Kaka ... you’re really useless. Use some power, will you? Let’s fight again. Let’s fight again.” Hou Fei says to the 3 Xiuyaoists while waving his black stick, his fiery eyes glittering with a warlike look.

“Boss, you’re awesome. We give up. We give up,” says the armor-clad man with 2 daggers hurriedly. On one side, the thin man with 2 long spears, who has just dragged himself up, also says hurriedly: “Boss, you’re invincible. Please don’t fight us.”

As for the big fat man with a turtle shell on his back, he is blinking his pitiful tiny eyes.

Suddenly, that fat man’s tiny eyes move. Seeing Qin Yu approaching, he hurriedly says: “Boss, someone’s coming. Judging from his imposing manner and the mighty air about him, I think he’s definitely an expert. Perhaps only you can fight him.”

With a wave of his black stick, Hou Fei turns around.

“Big brother.” His eyes brighten and are filled with fighting spirit. “Big brother, come have a bout with me.” After saying so, without waiting to see whether or not Qin Yu agrees, he brandishes the black stick and rushes at him extremely fast.

Qin Yu has not fought since arriving here so he is also itching for a fight.

Seeing the black stick being thrust at him, his eyes brighten. In an instant, the Flaming Gloves appear on his hands. He catches the black stick with a single-handed grab. Feeling that the stick is carrying a terrifying force, he immediately lets go of it, moves his arm around it like a snake, forms a finger sword with the hand and delivers a thrust to Hou Fei’s palm.

Bang!

A loud metallic noise is heard. Qin Yu only feels as if his finger sword has hit diamond. He cannot help getting astonished. He is wearing the Flaming Gloves, no less, but his attack unexpectedly could not even injure Hou Fei’s hand. Hou Fei’s defense is really a bit too frightening already.

“Kaka, this is awesome. If only you could be a bit stronger.”

Very excited, Hou Fei slightly shakes his hand. In an instant, the black stick turns into a blur and smashes towards Qin Yu. When he is about to dodge it, Hou Fei slightly tightens his fingers around the black stick. And while coming down, the stick unexpectedly begins to vibrate hurriedly and move in a very strange path too. Concurrently with this, a faint complacent smile appears on the corners of Hou Fei’s mouth.

“Awesome.”

When Qin Yu sees such a brilliant strike, his heart becomes excited. He moves his arms so fast that their blurs look like a blossoming lotus. His fingers gently touch the stick in quick succession. After the stick is touched several times, its path of travel is affected. Qin Yu suddenly grabs the black stick with both hands.

“Let go!”

He gives a violent pull and throws a kick at Hou Fei’s right hand, which is holding the black stick, using his right leg simultaneously.

Bang!

Qin Yu’s foot lands heavily on Hou Fei’s right hand, but he seems to feel nothing. He grins at Qin Yu, exposing his white teeth. Then he slightly moves his right arm, sending a powerful hidden force through the stick to Qin Yu’s hands.

Qin Yu’s entire body backs away. That hidden force unexpectedly has numbed his hands. One should know that he is wearing the Flaming Gloves.

Looking at Hou Fei, Qin Yu cannot help but admit inwardly that he is too powerful.

Hou Fei is a middle Yuanying stage divine beast, no less! He is about as powerful as the divine beasts Dragon Rocky lion and Hong Luan that Qin Yu encountered before and is comparable to ordinary Dongxu stage Xiuzhenists. The gap between the 2 of them is indeed so great that Qin Yu could not even breach his defense.

“Ah, sis Li’er, Xiaoyu’er was bitten by a shark outside the ravine. Quickly save it.” Following the urgent shouts, a golden beam of light flashes right pass Qin Yu and Hou Fei to come into the bamboo house.

Qin Yu and the others also run into the house.

Only when the golden light stops can he see clearly that it is a pretty little girl with a golden fish scale on the midpoint between her eyebrows. At the moment she is holding a purple fish, whose stomach has been bitten through. Obviously this fish is on the verge of death.

A blue silhouette immediately appears in the courtyard of the house. It is none other than Miss Li’er.

“Xiao Jin, it’s not serious so don’t worry. Yan Zi, why did you go outside the ravine? Who let you fight that soon-to-reach-the-Jindan-stage shark?” Miss Li’er says smilingly then reaches out her right hand and touches the fish’s wound. In an instant, a green light appears all around her body.

Being enfolded in the green light, Miss Li’er looks so elegant and pure.

As Qin Yu watches her curing the fish, he suddenly feels that she is most charming when she cures someone else. A tinge of affection for her even appears at the bottom of his heart. He cannot help shaking his head with an unconcerned smile.

End of b5c16.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 17
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C17: Reunion

Being enveloped in the green light, the wound on that purple fish’s body recovers noticeably fast. In just a while, it has become perfectly healthy again. The amazing thing is it seems to never have been injured.

“Sis Li’er is so awesome,” says the little girl with a golden fish scale between her eyebrows in excitement.

Having regained its vitality, the purple fish also swims around Miss Li’er in an exalted manner. She looks at it tenderly and criticizes: “Yan Zi, now you should know how formidable that shark is, right? Later don’t show off again.”

The purple fish moves its small eyes around while flapping its tail nonstop like a clingy child.

Miss Li’er gives a smile. Afterwards, she turns to Qin Yu, slightly stupefied, but then she immediately says smilingly: “Mister Liu Xing, why are you staring at me? Could there be some mark on my face?” There is a hint of humor in her tone.

“Ah.” Qin Yu is startled. He then sorts himself out a bit and says: “Miss Li’er, it’s just that when I saw you giving treatment a moment ago, I was really amazed. That green energy seems to have very unusual properties. It’s unexpectedly so effective in healing wounds.”

He secretly lets out a sigh of relief and cannot help admiring himself for being able to think up an answer in an instant.

Miss Li’er says with a relaxed smile: “This green energy is actually a special skill of my clan. Outsiders cannot learn it. It’s indeed exceptionally effective in treating bodily injuries. As long as the patient is still alive, it can always heal them back to health.”

“Oh, it’s really marvelous.” Qin Yu hurriedly says.

With a smile, Miss Li’er then turns around and goes back to her own room. Qin Yu smiles derisively to himself. Just now he was unexpectedly captivated by her manner when giving treatment and almost made a fool of himself, but luckily he was able to react quickly.

“Hey, big brother Qin Yu, have another bout with me, okay?” Hou Fei says laughingly while brandishing his black stick.

At the moment Qin Yu is in no mood to fight Hou Fei. Moreover, if he sparred with this middle Yuanying stage divine beast, would he not be seeking a beating for himself? Even though he likes fighting, he does not want to get beaten up.

......

Time flies. In the blink of an eye, Qin Yu has been staying in the ravine for a half month. During this half month, he has occasionally sparred with Hou Fei when he became thirsty for a fight, but he has spent most of his time practicing the Stellar Transformations and the Xiumo secret technique Northern Darkness.

There is also an activity he has enjoyed in his leisure time -- listening to the zither.

He cannot help admitting that one must be extremely fortunate to be able to hear Miss Li’er’s music even once. He has been able to listen to her music for so long simply because Uncle Lan and Miss Li’er have been too nice to him. According to Hou Fei, not even Hou Fei is allowed to live in this bamboo house.

Hou Fei does not understand why an outsider like him can stay in the house either.

Qin Yu himself feels that Uncle Lan has treated him pretty well and Miss Li’er has been very nice to him. Of course, the latter is very nice to all demonic beasts in the ravine too so her niceness towards him does not necessarily mean anything. But Uncle Lan is different as he treats the demonic beasts in a very strict and serious manner.

“Not even a middle Yuanying divine beast can live inside, but they allow me to. Could it be ... because I’m also human?” After pondering over this matter, he can only come up with this answer.

In fact, there is another answer at the bottom of his heart, but he does not think that Uncle Lan and Miss Li’er’s intention is so terrible.

This answer is ... they want to steal his Meteoric Tear.

Qin Yu still does not know when he was saved and brought to this place and how much his injuries had healed when that Miss Li’er saw him. If Miss Li’er knows that he suffered fatal injuries, she can definitely figure out that he possesses some treasure based on the fact that he has now fully recovered.

Even though other people cannot detect the Meteoric Tear because it already fused with his body, they can still guess that there is some treasure in his possession.

“Hopefully Miss Li’er and Uncle Lan are so nice to me not because of the Meteoric Tear.” At the bottom of his heart, Qin Yu is still ice-cold and resolute. There is abundant resolution in the blood of every man of the Qin clan. And Qin Yu, who has lived alone since he was a kid and could almost never experience his mother’s love, has become even more tough-minded, and also even manlier!

At the bottom of his heart, he has always been on guard against these 2 mysterious Xiuxianists.

He takes a deep breath then slowly exhales. After concealing that thought at the depths of his heart, he immediately calms himself down and starts to practice the Xiumo secret technique Northern Darkness again. This technique is his top priority for the moment.

Even if he can flee to a Xiuxian island, if that Blood-red Cave’s master Cha Hong chases to this island, he will still not be able to escape death.

There are a few reasons why that will be the case. Firstly, underwater Xiuyaoists are far superior to Xiuxianists and Xiumoists in terms of overall power, so, what ordinary Xiuxian schools will dare to oppose someone who controls an 8 million li radius area like Cha Hong?

Secondly, even if he can come into a Xiuxian island, the islanders will not necessarily accept him. Moreover, facing Cha Hong, how will those Xiuxianists dare to offend Cha Hong to save him?

The conclusion from these 2 points is that he must learn the Northern Darkness. There is no other way since he has infuriated Cha Hong by killing Cha Ge.

......

The space inside Qin Yu’s head is like a boundless misty area. His spiritual energy, nonphysical, is floating in it. Qin Yu can feel his spiritual energy. The outermost 10% of it is under his control and therefore is totally stable.

However, the rest of his spiritual energy is a total mess. It either forms maelstroms, or flows extremely fast, or crashes into itself. His soul, which is in the shape of a disc, is in the center of the area. Various electric sparks are zigzagging and flashing around the soul.

An extremely weak thread of stellar energy flows into his head.

Qin Yu did not dare to channel too much stellar energy into his head because, after all, the more energy, the harder to control. Therefore, he tried his best to use as little stellar energy as possible, drawing out only a single thread of it. However, even though this is only a thread of stellar energy, he still cannot combine it with spiritual energy.

Experimenting again and again.

6 hours has passed very quickly. Qin Yu does not even know how many times he has been experimenting over the last 6 hours. He has failed continuously, as if he has been threading a needle. After 6 straight hours of repeated failures, even someone good-tempered like Qin Yu is annoyed.

Actually, this is also a method to train his mind.

“I’ve failed again. It’s been a half month, when will I be able to succeed in learning this Northern Darkness? Could it be unless I can succeed, I’ll have to shrink back like a turtle all the time?” There is a hint of anger in his eyes at the moment.

Why did he leave the Qian Long continent? Can the reason possibly be anything other than to walk the endless path of practice? He wants to roam the Xiuzhen world openly in an impressive manner, and not to go into hiding to avoid the enemies.

Ting --

Zither strings vibrate. Zither music rises.

Miss Li’er has begun to play her zither again. Hearing these sounds, Qin Yu brushes aside his anger at being unable to learn the Northern Darkness and closes his eyes to calmly enjoy the soul-moving music. When it has stopped, he is still immersing himself in the afterglow of listening to it.

“Liu Xing.” Uncle Lan strides up to Qin Yu. Seeing Qin Yu acting in this way, he immediately laughs out loud: “Oh my, Li’er’s music has bewitched you like this. You really are ...”

“Uncle Lan, only Miss Li’er’s music can enthrall me like that. I won’t be entranced by ordinary zither masters.” Qin Yu says smilingly.

Uncle Lan’s eyes brighten: “Oh ... other zitherists can’t bewitch you? I see, so you’re only fascinated by Miss Li’er’s music. Tell me sincerely, son, are you interested in Li’er?” He says jokingly.

“That’s ridiculous.” Qin Yu however does not tense up.

Uncle Lan smiles: “I’m just kidding. Don’t take it seriously, son.”

Qin Yu pouts with a smile but does not answer. Uncle Lan’s expression suddenly becomes solemn: “Liu Xing, you and I have chatted a lot during this period of time so you should know what kind of person I am, right?” It is rare to see him get serious like this.

Seeing Uncle Lan like this, Qin Yu also becomes serious, saying with a nod: “Uncle Lan, if you have any matter, please tell me everything about it.”

Uncle Lan says warningly: “I’m warning you, Liu Xing. You absolutely mustn’t hope for a relationship with Li’er. You’d best not like her. Otherwise ... not only will you suffer for the rest of your life, you will also possibly die anytime.”

Qin Yu is startled.

He then bursts out laughing: “What were you saying, Uncle Lan? You must be joking.”

But there is not a trace of a smile on Uncle Lan’s face: “I’m not joking. To be honest, you have a very bright future ahead of you. No one in the entire Xiuyao world will be able to keep up with you, but let me tell you one thing, if you like Li’er, you’ll be hopeless no matter how capable you are. In fact, I don’t have to warn you about this, but I really don’t want to see you get destroyed.”

Qin Yu is baffled.

“All right, I’m being meddlesome, but you best remember what I’ve said today. It’s also my advice for you.” Uncle Lan says while staring at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu feels his heart tremble for a while.

What Uncle Lan said just now is really shocking. At first he said that Qin Yu was very promising and that nobody in this entire Xiuyao world would be able to keep up with Qin Yu. Who does Uncle Lan think he himself is? Can he really judge people so accurately?

“I already remember, Uncle Lan.” Qin Yu says smilingly.

However, both Uncle Lan and Qin Yu cannot make sure that nothing will happen because it is basically impossible to control affection. Once it surges up in the heat of a certain moment, it will become unstoppable.

“All right, you should put a lot of effort into practicing.” Uncle Lan pats his shoulder then leaves.

As he is going away, Qin Yu watches his back thoughtfully.

What is the actual reason why this Uncle Lan said those words? It seems if he likes Miss Li’er, he will likely be destroyed. Is there such a sure thing? Judging from Uncle Lan’s and Miss Li’er’s behaviors, it is obvious that they belong to a certain special clan.

“Ha-ha, perhaps Uncle Lan and Miss Li’er are from a very formidable clan. But ... if I like someone, even immortals won’t be able to stop me, let alone their clan or something. Also, I haven’t liked anyone yet.”

Qin Yu gives an unconcerned smile. He has never been a fearful, submissive person.

No one has ever been able to intimidate him with force. Even though he is going to have to deal with opponents stronger than him like the Blood-red Cave’s master Cha Hong, he is only staying here to practice in the dark. When he can conceal his identity, he will reappear without delay. Qin Yu is fearless, but he is not an idiot who is unafraid of throwing his life away.

......

“My arm is broken. It was broken by Boss Hou.” The man who uses 2 daggers and a suit of armor says with an agonized look on his face. His arm is bending at a strange angle. Obviously a normal arm cannot bend like that.

Hou Fei gives him a glare with his fiery eyes, growling: “Heh heh ~~~ you’ve even dared to complain to sis Li’er. Do you want me to smash your shrimp shell to pieces?!”

“Fei Fei, don’t be noisy.”

Miss Li’er, who has changed into white clothes, shouts at Hou Fei. The latter immediately lowers his head and stops saying, looking as if he has admitted his mistakes. Miss Li’er laughs playfully then turns to the man with the broken arm. She reaches out a hand, touching the broken place.

When Qin Yu walks into the courtyard, his eyes cannot help brightening.

Miss Li’er is being engulfed in a green light. Her face looks so pure. Her skin is glowing like jade and radiating various green rays of light. As Qin Yu watches her healing that arm, he is rather touched from the bottom of his heart.

Qin Yu has never experienced maternal love so he has been very tough-minded since he was little. Only his father’s love has been able to enter the depths of his heart. However, at the moment, Miss Li’er’s motherly radiance has also slightly touched his heart.

He sobers up in the blink of an eye.

“I’m warning you, Liu Xing. You absolutely mustn’t hope for a relationship with Li’er. You’d best not like her. Otherwise ...” The warning Uncle Lan gave him not long ago rises in his mind again. He immediately gets out of that state of feeling touched.

“All right, later you shouldn’t fight Fei Fei again. If you fight him, you’ll only hurt yourself.” Miss Li’er advises.

That man’s injury has now recovered completely. He says with frustration: “Fight him? Do you think I wanted to fight him? It’s just that Boss Hou ... Ah, to me, it’s an honor to be able to spar with Boss Hou. I’m very happy and excited.” Seeing the look in Hou Fei’s eyes, he shifts his ground instantly.

Miss Li’er gives a smile. When turning around, she sees Qin Yu on one side.

“How are you, Mister Liu Xing?”

Qin Yu also says very politely: “How are you, Miss Li’er? I never thought that I would be able to see your special healing technique again. It’s really wondrous.” Suddenly, a hint of happiness appears on his face as he can feel clearly that Xiao Hei is rushing in his direction extremely fast.

“Mister Liu Xing, you seem to be delighted with something?” Miss Li’er asks curiously.

Qin Yu says in excitement with a nod: “My brother Xiao Hei is hurrying to this place. Perhaps he can arrive in just a few days.”

“Oh, congratulations, Mister Liu Xing. When your brother has arrived, please let me know about that. There are restrictive spells outside this ravine so it’s very difficult for outsiders to enter when they aren’t guided by someone inside.” Miss Li’er says with a smile.

“Then I’ll have to bother you, Miss Li’er.” Qin Yu says with a nod while smiling.

Miss Li’er smiles: “Mister Liu Xing, since you’re busy, I’m returning to my room first.” After saying, she gracefully turns around and goes back to her room at once.

Qin Yu watches her enter the room from behind, gives a smile then turns around and goes back to his room to continue practicing. He practices the Stellar Transformations and the Xiumo Secret Skill Northern Darkness every day and has never slacked off.

After several days,

Qin Yu feels clearly that Xiao Hei has come very close to him, even within 100 li of him. However, Xiao Hei suddenly stops. Qin Yu knows that Xiao Hei is being blocked by the restrictive spells outside the ravine. He immediately stands up and gets ready to ask Miss Li’er help him.

End of b5c17.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 18
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C18: Departure

When Qin Yu leaves his room, he is surprised to see that Miss Li’er has already gone into the middle of the courtyard from her room. As soon as she sees him, she says with a smile: “Mister Liu Xing, I already know that your brother has arrived. Let’s go now.”

Qin Yu smilingly goes next to Miss Li’er. Side by side, the 2 of them hurry straight to the entrance of the ravine.

Li’er’s long hair is flowing. Qin Yu can even smell the alluring scent of her beautiful hair. A faint smile appears on the corners of his mouth.

As he comes near the entrance, his heart is filled with excitement because he is about to meet Xiao Hei again.

Qin Yu and Miss Li’er thus go out of the entrance directly with ease. He does not see any restrictive spells. However, if he turns around to take a look, he will be amazed to see that the mouth of the cave has become a wall of rock like the other places. This is just an illusionary technique.

But it is so extraordinarily profound that not even Xiao Hei can see through it.

Seeing Xiao Hei, who is not far from him and is unable to find the way, Qin Yu’s eyes immediately brighten. Since separating due to being chased by Sang Mo last time, it has been impossible for him to reunite with Xiao Hei. Some time ago, he and Xiao Hei were about to meet each other again, but then they encountered Cha Ge and Cha Po before they were able to.

“Xiao Hei!”

Qin Yu calls in a slightly quivering voice.

Xiao Hei suddenly turns around. Seeing Qin Yu, he immediately lets out a resounding eagle cry in excitement. The cry even frightens off the shoals of fish in his surroundings. “Big brother.” Xiao Hei’s excited voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind.

Qin Yu rushes very fast to Xiao Hei’s side and hugs him. Xiao Hei also wraps his wings around Qin Yu.

Standing on one side, Miss Li’er gives a faint smile too.

“You’ve changed, Xiao Hei. Compared to the past, you’ve got thinner by half. Even your aura has changed. What’s happened to you?” Only now does Qin Yu notice Xiao Hei’s astonishing changes. If not for the telepathy between them, he would not have been able to be so sure.

Xiao Hei has become much thinner, his aura has become very oppressive and fierce, and his eyes have become even sharper and colder than before.

“Big brother, after reaching the late Jindan stage, I prepared to go kill Sang Mo. Even though it’d be dangerous, I’d used a forbidden technique to transform my body so in theory it’d be easy for me to handle a an early Yuanying expert. Who could’ve thought that when I was about to meet you again that day, I ran into a big python. It was much stronger than Sang Mo. I estimate that it must’ve reached the middle Yuanying stage at least.” Xiao Hei is very angry.

“Forbidden technique?” Qin Yu is startled.

Xiao Hei says via his holy sense: “It’s a secret technique in my memories. After I started using it, my entire body went through drastic and thorough transformations. Even though my power level is still the same, my offense has improved a lot.”

Because Xiao Hei has reached the late Jindan stage, even if he had not used that forbidden technique, he would still be able to deal with early Yuanying stage experts. And now that he has used that technique, he can even hold his own against most middle Yuanying stage experts.

However, that day he encountered Cha Po, who is not only at the middle Yuanying stage, but also a blood-red aquatic python. Blood-red aquatic pythons are a top-class species of demonic beast and second only to divine beasts. A middle Yuanying stage blood-red aquatic python is much more formidable than a Xiuxianist of the same power level.

Even so, Xiao Hei was only put at a slight disadvantage at that time. When he eventually fled, Cha Po chased him for a long time without being able to catch up with him. Afterwards, due to an order by his big brother, Cha Po had no choice but to return to the Blood-red Cave.

“Then why haven’t you come to my place until now?” Qin Yu asks doubtfully.

Given Xiao Hei’s speed, he should have been able to find this location very quickly.

Xiao Hei says through holy sense communication: “Big brother, after escaping from that blood-red aquatic python, I wanted to go kill Sang Mo, but then I learned that the Blood-red Cave had launched a full-scale hunt for you in its entire territory. That Sang Mo and 2 other early Yuanying demonic beasts went to the Blood-red Cave together. Because there were 3 of them, I didn’t dare to attack them.”

When Cha Ge was fighting Qin Yu, he arrogantly told Sang Mo to get the Thunder Hammer ready so, following his death, Sang Mo was able to guess that Qin Yu had killed him and immediately reported this to Cha Hong.

A furious Cha Hong then ordered Sang Mo to hurry to the Blood-red Cave. Sang Mo was not alone in this. Even the other guardians who were outside at that time had to rush to the Blood-red Cave as well. Therefore he went to the Blood-red Cave together with 2 other guardians.

Xiao Hei ran a long distance in vain and had no choice but to go back to find Qin Yu. The distance he covered during this round trip amounts to over 1 million li.

“Big brother, you can’t go out for the moment. They are all hunting for you outside,” warns Xiao Hei.

Qin Yu slightly nods. Right after knowing that he had killed a vice master of the Blood-red Cave, he already predicted this. One should know that Sang Mo’s reward offer and the Blood-red Cave’s hunt are 2 totally different things. Sang Mo’s reward can only tempt Xiuyaoists into looking for him.

But the Blood-red Cave has forcefully ordered all Xiuyaoists within 8 million li of it to hunt for him. None of them dares to disobey this order because the Blood-red Cave is the ruler of this 8 million li radius area!

......

After going back into the ravine, Xiao Hei and Qin Yu stay in the same room. But Hou Fei is the one most excited by the arrival of Xiao Hei because they often spar with each other. Moreover, when Xiao Hei uses his various astonishing techniques, Hou Fei can only defeat him by putting in some effort.

A month passes in peace.

Today, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are talking to each other in the courtyard.

“Big brother, this ravine is too easy and comfortable. I’ll go out to wander for a while first.” Xiao Hei considers for a long time then finally mentions his plan.

Qin Yu is startled, but he understands at once.

Xiao Hei is an eagle, and like every other eagle, he wants to soar into the sky. Even though he has been staying in this ravine for a month due to his relationship with Qin Yu, in his heart, he still looks forward to the bloodshed, fighting and so on outside the ravine the most.

“That’s fine, Xiao Hei.” Qin Yu says smilingly.

Xiao Hei blinks his eyes. He really rather hates to part with Qin Yu.

“Big brother ... why don’t you go with me to have some fun?” He tries to persuade Qin Yu. “Given your power, you’ll be able to hold your own against even middle Yuanying demonic beasts. It’s said that there are only very few demonic beasts that have surpassed the middle Yuanying stage in the whole territory of the Blood-red Cave. With just a little carefulness, we won’t run into them.”

When Qin Yu hears Xiao Hei’s suggestion, his interest is naturally aroused.

After all, he likes to feel his blood boiling and intense emotions. The Blood-red Cave does not have many experts so if he and Xiao Hei are a bit careful, nothing bad will happen to them either. As for ordinary Xiuyaoists who pursue him, their jindans and yuanyings will only end up as his nutrition.

“No, there’s no hurry. We better wait until I’ve mastered the Northern Darkness. Don’t worry, I’ll be able to learn it quickly.” Qin Yu however does not agree.

Does he keep staying here really to practice the Northern Darkness?

Xiao Hei leaves afterwards, but things still go on as usual in the ravine. Qin Yu practices the Stellar Transformations and the Xiumo Secret Skill Northern Darkness every day. He keeps failing over and over, but he is not anxious either. Subconsciously, he hopes that he will not succeed in learning the Northern Darkness so that he can keep staying in this ravine with no worries.

Every day, he practices and listens to Miss Li’er’s zither music.

Occasionally, he can even see her treat some demonic beasts’ injuries. Qin Yu once even wanted to spar with Hou Fei so that after getting injured he would be able to experience her treatment as well.

Of course, he buried that thought at the depths of his mind as soon as it appeared.

3 years has passed in the blink of an eye.

To practitioners, 3 years is really a very short time. During this period, Xiao Hei returned once and stayed in the ravine for a month before leaving again. And not long ago, that little fish Yan Zi has also transformed into a human.

Today, Qin Yu is sitting with legs crossed on his bed, practicing the Northern Darkness again.

Thanks to the Meteoric Tear’s nourishment over the last 3 years, his soul has become much more powerful than before. Even his spiritual energy’s toughness and flexibility have also become strong. The amount of spiritual energy he can control has now reached an eighth of the total. But there have still been no signs of success when it comes to learning the Northern Darkness.

Suddenly --

Qin Yu’s entire body shakes once. A hint of ecstasy appears on his face.

At the moment, in his mind, a thread of stellar energy has unexpectedly begun to intertwine with a thread of spiritual energy. They are intertwining as if both of them are real substances. It should be known that Qin Yu’s biggest problem has always been that his spiritual energy and stellar energy cannot really come into contact with each other.

He chokes back his excitement and continues to wait.

As the minutes and seconds go by, those intertwined threads of stellar energy and spiritual energy start to fuse with each other. After an indeterminate period of time, they finally succeed in merging and there are no longer any distinctions between them.

Qin Yu suddenly opens his eyes, shooting out 2 brilliant beams of light.

He has succeeded!

Including the period of time during which he was chased, he has practiced the Northern Darkness for more than 3 years and now he has finally succeeded. The 1st thread of energy that combines stellar energy with spiritual energy has been formed. He has been experimenting every day for 3 years, no less. And experimenting with the Northern Darkness has even become a habit of his.

“This energy combines stellar energy and spiritual energy so let’s call it ... spirilar energy.” Even Qin Yu’s breathing becomes somewhat heavy.

This spirilar energy is different from stellar energy and spiritual energy, but there is very little of it at the moment -- just a single thread. However, this thread is crucial to learning the Northern Darkness.

Qin Yu closes his eyes and starts to follow the instructions of the Northern Darkness. That thread of spirilar energy then begins to change, forming a written talisman that looks like a strange picture. In an instant, a strange feeling emerges in his mind.

Qin Yu has a feeling that he can totally contain his aura with just a thought. All of this is done through the talisman that was formed from spirilar energy. He can even intensify the sucking force to absorb all of the energies around him, and he will look like a black hole in the eyes of other people at that time.

Slightly controlling the talisman’s spirilar energy, Qin Yu makes his whole body start to swallow the energies in his surroundings, looking like a humanoid black hole. Now the air about him has become very strange.

“Succeeded.”

He controls the talisman, stopping it from working, and his entire body goes back to the original state.

“Ha-ha ... I’ve finally succeeded.” His eyes glitter, full of excitement. This triumph has eventually come after a long time of waiting. With this technique to change the air about him, if he also slightly alters his clothes and appearance, not even Sang Mo will be able to recognize him.

However, Qin Yu’s smile disappears in an instant.

“Since I’ve succeeded, it’s time to leave here. But must I leave here?” He suddenly feels somewhat at a loss. After 3 years, the daily zither music has already become an indispensable part of his life. Miss Li’er’s pure appearance when she healed someone has also been imprinted on his mind.

Uncle Lan goes up to him from outside, saying with a smile: “Liu Xing, you’ve unexpectedly been practicing for 9 days straight. Could it be you’ve succeeded?”

9 days?

Qin Yu is startled in his heart. He did not expect that it had taken him 9 days to combine a thread of stellar energy with a thread of spiritual energy. As for success, of course he has succeeded. Now he can change his aura at will.

“Succeeded? No, it’s just that I’ve made some progress. I still need a period of time to succeed.” Qin Yu says to Uncle Lan.

“Oh.” Uncle Lan gives a smile. “Some progress is good too. 3 years ago, you couldn’t even make any progress. I think you must also want to go to the overseas Xiuzhen world to roam about and make a name for yourself, right?”

Qin Yu has no choice but to nod.

“Very good. Try your best.” Uncle Lan then turns around. But when he has just started to leave, he suddenly stops and looks back at Qin Yu. In an obviously solemn manner, he cautions: “Liu Xing, don’t forget the conversation between us 3 years ago.”

The conversation 3 years ago?

When Qin Yu is still pondering, Uncle Lan has already left the room.

Qin Yu pushes open the window of his room. As it happens, he can see the back rooms through this window. At the moment, Miss Li’er is sitting beside the window of her room with a zither put in front of her. Then, with her entire concentration, she begins to play the zither again.

From Qin Yu’s position, he can only see a side of Miss Li’er’s face.

In the past, every time Miss Li’er played the zither, Qin Yu always listened to the music with eyes closed. He has never carefully observed her state when she is playing the zither like this. Wave after wave of beautiful sounds spreads out from the zither’s strings. And Miss Li’er’s face seems to be radiating various charming rays of light.

At this moment, Qin Yu is somewhat dazzled.

......

Days like this do not last long. A half month later, the tranquility of the ravine is broken because a group of Xiuyaoists has been detected outside the ravine. This group of Xiuyaoists is zealously and carefully searching around. It seems they are hunting for someone.

“Sis Li’er, this is bad. When I was strolling about outside just now, I was questioned by a Xiuyaoist. The Blood-red Cave is currently hunting for a Xiuxianist.” Purple-clad Yan Zi rushes inside while saying loudly and urgently.

Qin Yu frowns in his room.

He certainly knows that the Blood-red Cave has been hunting for him. However, in the beginning, it only sent a large number of subordinates to carry out a rough sweep using their holy senses. After 2 years, they still could not find him despite having searched the entire territory of the Blood-red Cave with the holy senses.

Qin Yu originally thought that the Blood-red Cave would give up, but it has unexpectedly ordered Xiuyaoists to search carefully on a large scale, and now they have come close to this place.

Even though that illusionary technique is very profound, no one can be sure that it will not be seen through by someone!

If it is seen through, the Blood-red Cave’s forces will come here, and ...

“Don’t worry, Yan Zi, those Xiuyaoists won’t find this place.” Miss Li’er says with a smile. Obviously she is very relaxed.

Uncle Lan, who is drinking tea in the courtyard, pays no attention to this either.

“Uncle Lan, Miss Li’er, I’ve succeeded in practicing my Northern Darkness technique. I’m about to leave here.” Qin Yu says smilingly while walking out of his room. At the same time, he begins to control that talisman formed from spirilar energy in his head.

In an instant, Qin Yu’s whole body is like a black hole. Not only does it not emit any amount of his aura, it also sucks in all of the energies around him, including holy energy.

Qin Yu’s appearance also starts to change. Even though the changes are very small, they make his entire body look much grimmer. This is the appearance of assassin Liu Xing in the past. He is also dressed in a black robe, which was forged by Lei Wei in Lei Mountain House.

“With this, I believe nobody will recognize me.”

He says smilingly while looking at Miss Li’er, Uncle Lan and that little girl Yan Zi.

Now his hair is only 1 cun long. Thanks to the black robe he is wearing and his upper body’s muscles, he looks very handsome and solemn. This coupled with his body’s ability to absorb all the energies around like a black hole gives him an ice-cold air.

“Good, good!” Uncle Lan looks at Qin Yu with a hint of approval in his eyes.

Qin Yu gives a smile. He always feels that Uncle Lan is unfathomable and seems able to see through all of his thoughts.

Seeing Qin Yu’s current appearance, Miss Li’er also praises with brightening eyes: “Mister Liu Xing’s secret technique is really very profound. I’m sure no one will be able to recognize you.”

At this moment, a voice rises!

“Ah, big brother Liu Xing, I want to go with you. Master, please let me go out. Hei Yu is even weaker than me but he is outside at the moment. Please let me go out.” Hou Fei hurriedly rushes up to them while saying nonstop.

He also looks at Qin Yu, urging him unceasingly with his eyes. At the same time, he says via his holy sense: “Big brother Liu Xing, help me please!”

Qin Yu smiles and also says to Uncle Lan: “Uncle Lan, Fei Fei is a divine beast. With his power, nothing in the underwater Xiuyao world will be a danger to him. Plus, if he doesn’t experience hardships, I think he won’t be able to grow up. Please allow him to go out.”

Fei Fei is Hou Fei’s informal name. Only when Qin Yu had become very familiar with Hou Fei after 3 years did he start to call him so intimately.

Hou Fei looks at Uncle Lan pitiably at once.

Uncle Lan has no choice but to shake his head with a smile: “All right, since Liu Xing said so, you can go with him. But you must remember, in a noncritical situation, don’t go into berserk mode to fight. Do you understand?” He looks solemnly at Hou Fei.

“Ah, I know.” The latter immediately jumps in excitement.

Hou Fei then holds Qin Yu in a clinch, but this is an enthusiastic embrace: “Thank you, big brother Liu Xing. Let’s go, big brother. I don’t want to stay here anymore.” Hou Fei’s heart has already flown outside the ravine. He is very excited at the moment.

Qin Yu slightly nods. Suddenly he looks at Uncle Lan and Miss Li’er, saying: “Miss Li’er, Uncle Lan, before leaving, I want to tell you that Liu Xing is only my nickname. My real name is -- Qin Yu.”

“Fei Fei, let’s go!”

He basically does not want to say anything else and walks out of the bamboo house directly.

“Ha-ha, I’m going out, every demonic beast should prepare to get beaten by me, kaka ~~~” Hou Fei is extremely excited.

Qin Yu does not look back because he does not want to.

“Will I ever return to this place?” He asks himself inwardly, but not even he has an answer. He suddenly gives a smile: “Perhaps I should live a life with a lot of bloodshed, intense emotions, and ups and downs!”

End of b5c18.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 19
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C19: Fiery eyes

After going out of the ravine, Hou Fei is immediately filled with vitality. His fiery eyes look around in excitement. Seeing a huge whale swimming by, he utters a strange cry and reaches out a hand. Various beams of light then cover that whale completely.

The whale begins to shrink extremely fast. In just a while, there is only a layer of skin left.

“Kaka, so much blood essence, it was so uncomfortable in the ravine. I’d be told off even if I killed just a few fish there. It’s really awesome out here, kaka ~~” Hou Fei waves his hands around and scratches his head. Obviously he is extremely excited.

Qin Yu is slightly shocked in his heart. Only extremely rare demonic beasts possess this blood-absorbing technique, but Hou Fei unexpectedly can also use it. He is really worthy of being a divine beast.

“Fei Fei, this underwater Xiuyao world is very cruel. Dwellers here can fight each other because of just a rude word. Since divine beasts have astonishing potential, if someone discovers that you’re a divine beast, maybe some experts will kill you immediately to prevent future troubles. So ...”

“I know, big brother. Kaka, I just have to hide my identity, right? He-he.” Hou Fei blinks his fiery eyes and says laughingly.

Qin Yu has been staying in one place with Hou Fei for 3 years so he knows that he is very smart.

“Master already said that later I can’t use berserk mode to fight. I’ll hide my skills a bit more and show only 30% of my power.” After thinking for a while, Hou Fei makes a decision.

Qin Yu has also heard about Hou Fei’s berserk mode. In that state, Hou Fei is extremely frightening. He is already exceptionally outstanding in a normal state, so once he goes into berserk mode, he is simply terrifying!

“Take it.”

Qin Yu throws Hou Fei a jade identity card. Having killed quite a few Xiuyaoists, he naturally has quite a few identity cards. This identity card was taken out casually by him. After all, it will be slightly easier to act when each of them has an identity card.

“Kaka, what toy is this?” Hou Fei receives the jade identity card and looks at it from top to bottom.

“Fei Fei, this jade identity card can confirm the holder’s identity. You only need to personalize it by blood then suck it in your body. Other Xiuyaoists can know which powerhouse you belong to. In general, those from the same camp aren’t allowed to fight each other while those from different camps are. And nobody is allowed to kill someone with a Nine Demons identity card. But ... these things only apply to ordinary Xiuyaoists.” At the end of his explanation, Qin Yu adds a sentence.

So what if he kills here? He will only have to face being chased by the guards of the Blood-red Cave. Of course, this will only happen if they can find out who the killer is.

As long as he kills neatly and leaves behind no clues, who can he not kill?

“I understand these rules. They show that a power struggle’s going on between those camps, right? Humph humph, I’ll also occupy a nice place sometime and recruit a bunch of subordinates. I’m going to be the boss myself!” Hou Fei is very wild and arrogant.

Qin Yu gives a smile: “Don’t aim too high. Let’s go. I’ll slowly tell you about the big powerhouses of underwater Xiuyaoists on the way. It’s not so simple to become a boss as you think.”

The 2 of them travel together. Qin Yu explains the power structure in the underwater Xiuyao world to Hou Fei and gives him some necessary basic knowledge en route. Of course, he obtained these pieces of information through using the Soul Examination a few years ago.

“Hey, you two stop. We’re the Blood-red Cave’s guards.”

Following a loud shout, a 50 strong group appears in front of Qin Yu and Hou Fei. These 50 Xiuyaoists’ power levels are not bad, but their leader, the most powerful among them, is only at the late Jindan stage, which basically means nothing to Qin Yu and Hou Fei.

“Kaka, what did you call me for, kid?” Hou Fei gives a strange laugh and stares at the thin leader.

Being stared at by Hou Fei, that leader feels his entire body’s flesh creep. His heart even trembles: “This monkey heard that I’m a guard but he doesn’t care about it at all. Judging from his aura, he must be a Yuanying expert. As for that fella beside him ...” As soon as that thin Xiuyaoist sees Qin Yu, his face immediately goes pale.

With his muscular chest and a rarely seen hairstyle that is only 1 cun long, Qin Yu has a steely air about him. Moreover, his entire body is covered in a black robe, which is flapping, and is absorbing all of the energies around him like a black hole while giving off not the slightest amount of his aura.

The thin Xiuyaoist’s heart trembles even more when he sees Qin Yu’s eyes.

“Lordly, frosty and brutal as well!”

The thin Xiuyaoist quickly makes a judgement about Qin Yu’s character. Having been able to become the leader of a squad, he is rather insightful.

“Didn’t you hear your grandpa’s question?” Hou Fei’s strange voice rises again.

The thin Xiuyaoist instantly looks at Hou Fei. A bit terrified by the latter’s stare, he says at once: “Seniors, I am searching for a Xiuxianist according to an order of the Blood-red Cave. This Xiuxianist’s aura is forthright, his body doesn’t have any demonic energy, and his own energy is very hot and pure! If the two of you know something about him, could you please tell this junior?”

This thin Xiuyaoist is very respectful at the moment and even talks about some characteristics of the Xiuxianist.

A faint smile appears on the corners of Qin Yu’s mouth.

Forthright?

When Qin Yu just went underwater, his aura was really forthright. This coupled with his blazing and pure energy indeed made him very recognizable. However, now that he has succeeded in practicing the Northern Darkness, his aura and the air about him have totally changed to the opposites.

“Hmm ... all of you can sod off.” Hou Fei says while waving his hand.

The thin Xiuyaoist is delighted at once. Paying basically no attention to Hou Fei’s disdain, he bows and says: “Then I take my leave.” After saying, he immediately says to his subordinates: “Let’s go search the southern area. Be quick.” He then leads them away.

He knows very well that even though there is a rule that forbids Xiuyaoists of the same camp from fighting each other, some just do not care about it.

If the corpses are removed and no traces are left behind, no one will know anything.

“Heh-heh, a bunch of cowards, yet just now they even wanted to taste our flesh.” Hou Fei’s fiery eyes flash with a red light. On one side, Qin Yu gives a smile. Once, when he was chatting with Uncle Lan long ago, Uncle Lan said that this Fiery-eyed Aquatic Monkey is obstinate and unruly by nature, and at the same time, he is innately violent and combative.

“Fei Fei, where’d you think we should go?”

With his eyes glittering, Hou Fei says: “Do you still have to ask? Just now didn’t you say that in the common places within the territory of the Blood-red Cave, Xiuyaoists are scattered everywhere, and only the Blood-red Ridge has a great number of Xiuyaoists? Let’s just go there!”

Qin Yu frowns.

The Blood-red Ridge? It is the Blood-red Cave’s headquarters. Half of the Xiuyaoists within 8 million li of this place concentrate here.

Knowing there is a tiger on a mountain, brave people tend to ascend it!

“Good, the Blood-red Ridge, let’s go there.”

Qin Yu’s robe flutters while his eyes shine brilliantly. Hou Fei beside him also lets out a strange cry in excitement. Afterwards, side by side, the 2 of them head for the Blood-red Ridge extremely fast. Qin Yu’s black robe flaps as he goes through the water. His ice-cold eyes then suddenly flash with fierceness.

The Blood-red Ridge?

Perhaps not even Sang Mo will be able to identify him when facing him. Moreover, what is there for him to be afraid of? If worst comes to worst, he and Hou Fei will just go on a killing spree in the Blood-red Ridge. As a powerful individual, he must act a bit wild and impulsively. If he went against his heart’s content, it would be the same as giving up the dangerous path of practice.

******

The 2 of them travel at extremely high speeds. Qin Yu’s Flaming Sword was originally forged from In-rock Flaming Iron. Later in Lei Mountain House, Qin Yu had to blend a dark-natured crystal and a metallic-natured crystal with it to be able to upgrade it to a high-grade holy weapon.

Qin Yu only needs to give the Flaming Sword a thought, it will turn black immediately and give off a dark aura. He can totally make it turn red and emit flames as well. And he can change its color to gold too.

When riding on a black Flaming Sword, Qin Yu, also robed in black, looks very icy indeed.

“Kaka, interesting, interesting.” Hou Fei’s fiery eyes unexpectedly shoot a dim red light into the distance. This is the 1st time that he has gone out so he is naturally very excited because he sees many underwater creatures that he has never seen before.

Suddenly --

“Stop, big brother.” At this moment, the red light shot out from Hou Fei’s fiery eyes becomes much clearer and shines directly on a rock at the bottom of the ocean.

“What are you doing?” Qin Yu stops and looks at Hou Fei. He knows that he must have been told to stop for some reason because Hou Fei also has some special abilities.

Hou Fei bares his teeth, looking very proud of himself: “Big brother, this is one thing you don’t know about. My fiery eyes have a special ability. The more powerful I am, the more formidable they become. Now they can already discover some natural treasures.”

Qin Yu’s heart beats faster.

The fiery eyes can discover treasures?

“Kaka, break for me!” Hou Fei reaches out a hand while laughing strangely. His black stick suddenly appears and lengthens at the same time. It hits that rock with a loud noise. The rock is immediately shattered and its fragments are sent flying in all directions. However, there is surprisingly a glowing red pebble in the center of the shattered rock.

Qin Yu makes a sweep with his holy sense.

“It’s unexpectedly a piece of high-grade warm jade. A piece of jade formed inside a rock, this is a good treasure.” He has realized instantly that this kind of high-grade warm jade has quite a few specially good effects, for example, when put on a corpse, it will prevent the corpse from ever decaying.

Moreover, if put on the body of a living person, it will calm his mind down, which is extremely useful to practitioners. And it can also be made into talismans and holy weapons.

“How’s that, big brother? Are my fiery eyes formidable?” Hou Fei is very proud of himself.

“They’re really outstanding.” Qin Yu praises. Hou Fei is very strange. He unexpectedly does not want this piece of warm jade, throwing it directly to Qin Yu. Because of this, Qin Yu even thinks that Hou Fei does not like treasures, but as they continue to go forwards on their journey, he gradually realizes that he was wrong.

The distance left between them and the Blood-red Ridge is not long, only more than 800,000 li. Along the way, Hou Fei unexpectedly discovers 7 more treasures, 5 of which he gives to Qin Yu and keeps the other 2 for himself.

Only now does Qin Yu realize that Hou Fei likes some ores that can be forged into weapons but has no interest in precious mushrooms and rare grasses. He does not even like warm jade, gravelly crystals, moonlight yin crystals and so on.

When Qin Yu and Hou Fei are about to reach the Blood-red Ridge, the master of the Blood-red Cave comes out from a closed-door training session again.

......

In the main hall of the Blood-red Cave,

Sitting in the master seat, Cha Hong has a very unpleasant expression at the moment. He is still unable to open that black jade case and that most basic Dust Removing Seal alone has taken him over 100 years. He has just left that secret room.

It will take him about another year to open the case.

When he went through closed-door training in the past, his mind was calm because he knew that there was still a long way to go. But now, when he has reached the final juncture, he becomes worried about gain and loss. Sometimes he is afraid that the 3 superpowers, Nine Demons Hall, Azure Dragon Palace and Blue Water Mansion, will know about the case, and sometimes he is afraid that someone among his subordinates will know about it and betray him.

“Cave master.”

Below him, the 13 guardians bows and says simultaneously. All of the Blood-red Cave’s guardians are experts. The weakest among them is only at the late Jindan stage, but this guardian can even rival ordinary Yuanying stage Xiuyaoists in terms of actual offense.

And the strongest among them is even approaching Cha Hong in power. Cha Ge was a vice master but he was much weaker than the strongest guardian.

“Has that Xiuxianist been captured?”

Cha Hong’s voice comes down from above. What can the 13 guardians and the remaining vice master on the lower part of the main hall possibly say?

“Big brother, that Xiuxianist is very cunning. I’ve already investigated the few Xiuxian schools within 8 million li of this place, but the energy of none of them is burning hot and pure like the Xiuxianist’s.” Cha Po takes a forward step, bows and says.

Sang Mo also takes a step forwards, saying: “Cave master, that Xiuxianist is very cunning. For the last 3 years, there have been no traces of him. I’m wondering if he has gone into another power’s territory.”

“Humph!”

Cha Hong casts a glance at Sang Mo with his ice-cold eyes. Sang Mo’s heart immediately trembles.

“We’ve been hunting for that Xiuxianist for 3 years. There are 8 powers under the Nine Demons Hall. I even asked the other powers’ cave masters to help me hunt for him, but even now there are still no traces of him. The other powers’ territories and the Nine Demons Hall’s territory cover an area of 90 million li in radius. Do you think a Xiuxianist could travel 90 million li in just 3 years?”

Cha Hong is merely one of the 8 cave masters under the Nine Demons Hall so he was only able to engage the help of the other 7 cave masters at best. As for the 2 superpowers Azure Dragon Palace and Blue Water Mansion, he is simply ineligible to ask them to do anything.

“Sang Mo, I remember you mentioned a black eagle last time?” Cha Hong suddenly says.

Sang Mo answers at once: “Cave master, that day, when I was dealing with that Xiuxianist, there was a black eagle with him. It seems there’s a very good relationship between them because they were trying hard to give each other a chance to run away.”

Sang Mo of course remembers clearly what happened during the fight that day. He knows Xiao Hei and Qin Yu were trying to create a chance to escape for each other.

“Oh?”

On the upper part of the hall, Cha Hong utters a word then says no more. All the other Xiuyaoists do not dare to make a sound. After a long time, Cha Hong suddenly says: “Spread my order. From now on, not only will you have to hunt for that Xiuxianist, but also for that black eagle. Remember, it’s to hunt and capture, and not to kill.

“Yes!”

The 13 guardians and the vice master take the order in unison.

With a wave of his large sleeve, Cha Hong immediately disappears from the main hall. The 13 guardians and the vice master know very well that he often undergoes closed-door training. Occasionally he will come out for a while, but will continue to undergo closed-door training afterwards, and he hates being disturbed during his training sessions the most.

“After catching the black eagle, the Xiuxianist will definitely come out. Isn’t there a good relationship between them?” Cha Hong’s eyes flash with coldness. He then enters the secret room.

To avenge his brother’s death is very important, but it cannot compare with his black jade case. At the moment, after searching for treasures along the way, Qin Yu and Hou Fei have finally arrived in the Blood-red Cave’s headquarters -- the Blood-red Ridge.

End of b5c19.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 20
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C20: Guardians

The Blood-red Cave’s territory is 8 million li in radius and the Blood-red Ridge is at the center of it. Half of the territory’s Xiuyaoists concentrate in this place so it is obviously much more flourishing and beautiful than many other places at the bottom of the ocean.

By now, Qin Yu and Hou Fei have already entered the Blood-red Ridge.

There are approximately 100,000 Xiuyaoists in the 8 million li radius area controlled by the Blood-red Cave. Because only 1 in 1000 Xiuyaoists can reach the Yuanying stage, there are only about 100 Yuanying stage experts within 8 million li of the Blood-red Cave. However, most experts hide in their own caves.

The Blood-red Ridge is actually a huge mountain range at the bottom of the ocean. Various caves and palaces have been built on many peaks of the mountain range. Generally, there are 10-odd Xiuyaoists in a palace. At the same time, there are also several thousand Xiantian-level demonic beasts ready to listen to their orders.

Large palaces even have more than 100 Xiuyaoists and countless demonic beasts each.

“Kaka, these Xiuyaoists really know how to amuse themselves . You see, those caves ... kaka, they’re really luxurious.” As Hou Fei looks at the palaces on the mountain peaks in the distance, he cannot help praising them.

Qin Yu takes a glance over those palaces. He is not very surprised: “Xiuyaoists aren’t mortals so it’s very easy for them to create caves and mansions. Also, they can even order some Xiantian-level demonic beasts to help them. A 10,000 jin huge rock is very difficult to move in the mortal world, but it’s nothing to Xiuyaoists here. Oh!”

Qin Yu suddenly shifts his look to a huge mountain peak to the north of him.

Hou Fei’s eyes also brighten and look at that huge mountain peak in the distance. There is an extremely luxurious palace on that mountain peak. It is about the same size as an imperial palace in the mortal world.

That largest palace is located on the highest mountain peak of the Blood-red Ridge. An entire section of the peak has been cut off, leaving behind a flat surface that is several tens li in radius. On this huge flat surface, there is a lofty, luxurious palace -- the Blood-red Cave.

It is located on the highest place, surrounded by the other palaces.

The Blood-red Cave occupies an area that is several tens li in radius. Courtyard houses and pavilions can be seen everywhere in it. Many squads of Xiuyaoists are on patrol outside the palace. There are even some seductive female Xiuyaoists serving as ladies-in-waiting, dancers and so on inside it.

“The Blood-red Cave.”

Qin Yu can see those large words from the distance. Hou Fei also looks at that palace in great amazement. He finds it even more unbelievable than Qin Yu does because he has only seen a bamboo house before whereas Qin Yu lived in a princely mansion when he was little and, at any rate, has seen an imperial palace on the Qian Long continent.

“Damn it, what a waste. A palace so big is used by just some fellas in the Blood-red Cave. But, if they let me live in it ... such a big and luxurious palace won’t be wasted.” Hou Fei blinks his eyes and says on one side.

“Idiot.”

3 Xiuyaoists who are passing by them says disdainfully after hearing what Hou Fei said.

In the Blood-red Ridge, Xiuyaoists generally go from one mountain peak to another in groups of 3 to 5. At a glance, Qin Yu can see that nearly 1000 Xiuyaoists are going in all directions. Compared to other places, this Blood-red Ridge indeed has a great number of Xiuyaoists.

“Hey, stop for your grandpa!”

Hou Fei shouts loudly all of sudden and stares at those 3 Xiuyaoists with his shockingly glittering fiery eyes. The 3 Xiuyaoists is unexpectedly startled. It seems the loud shouts Hou Fei uttered just now have scared the life out of them.

Hou Fei’s entire hair begins to stand up: “Damn it, you even dared to insult your grandpa? All of you listen up, your grandpa is Hou Fei ...” Before Hou Fei can finish what he is saying, the 3 Xiuyaoists say loudly too.

“Hairy monkey, you’re surprisingly arrogant. In this Blood-red Ridge, there’s no one who doesn’t know about us 3 brothers. Kill him.” After saying, the 3 Xiuyaoists immediately take out their respective weapons and attack.

Hou Fei’s eyes flash with a hint of bloodthirstiness.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

3 silhouettes of a black stick flash by the 3 of them. A series of noises of bones being shattered is heard and the 3 Xiuyaoists are smashed away while crying or screaming in agony.

“Kaka, you must have a death wish to fight me.” Brandishing his black stick, Hou Fei says arrogantly.

Qin Yu makes a sweep with his holy sense and finds out that they have only got their legs broken. Hou Fei has no intention of killing these 3 Xiuyaoists because, after all, this place is the headquarters of the Blood-red Cave. He also knows the serious consequences of killing them here.

“Don’t worry, they’re not dead.” He says while putting the black stick on his shoulder in an unconcerned manner. Suddenly, his fiery eyes start to brighten.

######

With his hands behind his back, Cha Po flies out of the main entrance of the Blood-red Cave. 4 of the 13 guardians are following him, consisting of Bai Yin, Ran Lan, Mu Xu and Zhuang Zhong. Among these 4 guardians, Bai Yin is the leader.

“Let’s go to Mount Yan Lian.” Cha Po immediately says.

“Vice master, the wine on Mount Yan Lian is pretty good. I really don’t know how that geezer Yan Lian can make it.” Bai Yin beside him says with a smile. Clad in a full-length white suit of armor, this guardian looks noticeably elegant, handsome and outstanding.

Ran Lan says with a cold smile: “That Yan Lian even thinks he’s a big shot. Let’s tell him directly, hand over the producing method or get killed.” Half of Ran Lan’s hair is blue while the other half is black. Even his face is also half black half blue.

By contrast, Mu Xu is very quiet.

And Zhuang Zhong looks like a nice old man who always smiles. However, the other guardians all know how ruthless and sly he is.

When these 5 Xiuyaoists are halfway on their journey, suddenly --

Boom!

There is the distant rumble of rock getting shattered. Cha Po and the others immediately look in that direction and see only a dull multicolored source of light. Their eyes brighten and almost instantly they rush towards it together.

“Kaka ~~ what do you think, big brother? Whenever I act, I definitely won’t miss.” Hou Fei has just found another treasure -- a Five Nights Purple Flower. If this flower is not plucked within 5 days of its full bloom, it will automatically lose its medicinal properties.

Qin Yu’s eyes brighten: “A Five Nights Purple Flower, this is a treasure for pill making. It’s absolutely comparable to a high-grade holy weapon.” Hou Fei does not like pill-making-related treasures such as this so he throws it to Qin Yu, who reaches out a hand to receive it.

“Stop your hand!”

Following a loud shout, 5 silhouettes immediately appear in front of Qin Yu. They are none other than Cha Po and his subordinates, who just now were able to see Hou Fei dig out this treasure with their own eyes. Disregarding everything, guardian Ran Lan among them reaches out his hand to try to snatch it.

Qin Yu’s eyes flash with coldness. He shouts angrily: “Scram.” At the same time, he throws a kick like a flash.

Bang!

Both Qin Yu and Ran Lan fly backwards simultaneously. They are unexpectedly equally matched. With a sweep of his holy sense, Qin Yu discovers that the opponent has reached the early Yuanying stage. Every time Qin Yu practices, his physical body is trained and refined, and therefore now it is much stronger than the bodies of ordinary demonic beasts. Even though Ran Lan is at the early Yuanying stage, his body is inferior to Qin Yu’s.

Qin Yu and Ran Lan exchange a look. They both feel that each other is no pushover. Cha Po and the others also realize that Qin Yu and Hou Fei are not easy for them to bully.

Bai Yin however takes a step forwards.

“This 5 Nights Purple Flower belongs to our Blood-red Cave. My vice master already knew long ago that there’s a 5 Nights Purple Flower here, but it is regrettable that it can only be plucked in its full bloom, and this can’t be delayed for too long. If not plucked within 5 nights, it’ll become useless. Now, please return that flower to its rightful owner.” Bai Yin says smilingly in a refined and courteous manner.

“Bullshit!” Hou Fei has already been enraged. The hair on his entire body stands straight up. He laughs strangely and says: “If your vice master had already known long ago that this place got a treasure, why the hell wouldn’t he have transplanted it into his cave? Also, this 5 Nights Purple Flower grew under rocks, how the hell could you have known about it?”

Hou Fei’s eyes are blazing. His aura surges forth from his whole body. It is unexpectedly able to oppress the opponents.

He dug this treasure out by himself but they are attempting to snatch it so how can he possibly keep calm and not get angry?

“Damn you, did you hear what I said? Sod off for me, otherwise I’m going to make minced meat of you.” Hou Fei says angrily while staring at the 4 Xiuyaoists. His violent aura is really terrifying. The aura of a divine beast is indeed no joke.

However, Cha Po and those guardians are not powerful enough to tell that Hou Fei is a divine beast yet.

Generally, divine beasts are recognized based on characteristics such as their physical appearances. But Hou Fei is a Fiery-eyed Aquatic Monkey, whose species is really extremely rare. According to Uncle Lan, he is the only member of this species in the entire underwater Xiuyao world. The opponents have never seen anyone like him so naturally they cannot identify him.

“I’m the Blood-red Cave’s vice master Cha Po. This item belongs to the Blood-red Cave. Didn’t you 2 hear that?” Cha Po’s voice rises. There is a note of absolute insolence in it.

“Cha Po? The Blood-red Cave?” Qin Yu says with a cold smile on one side.

Cha Po and those guardians are top-ranking figures in the Blood-red Cave so normally no one dares to fight them. However, the 2 fellows before them at the moment seem not to think highly of them at all. How can a vice master and 4 guardians possibly endure this mocking tone?

“Fight!”

Cha Po suddenly shouts.

“Kaka, bring it.” Bai Yin and the others are yet to get into action but Hou Fei already laughs strangely in excitement. He then charges at them while waving a black stick. What is Hou Fei’s identity? A middle Yuanying stage divine beast, no less! Of the few Xiuyaoists before him, Cha Po, the strongest, and Bai Yin have reached the middle Yuanying stage too while Ran Lan and Mu Xu are only at the early Yuanying stage and Zhuang Zhong is even at the late Jindan stage. However, Zhuang Zhong is actually somewhat more formidable than Ran Lan and Mu Xu.

A middle Yuanying stage divine beast, which is even comparable to an ordinary Dongxu stage expert, thus charges at them.

Boom!

Carrying an enormous force, the black stick cuts through the water and crashes on Bai Yin’s 2 daggers with a loud noise. It even bends the daggers back and smashes them into Bai Yin’s body squarely. Bai Yin is sent flying at once while spitting out a mouthful of blood.

“Kaka, awesome, awesome!”

Hou Fei cries loudly in excitement. In the past, whether when he fought Qin Yu or when he fought the demonic beasts in the ravine, he never dared to use all his power because he was afraid of killing or wounding them. But now he has no qualms. Just a moment ago, that strike of the stick was executed by him with full force.

The faces of the 4 other Xiuyaoists, Cha Po, Ran Lan, Mu Xu and Zhuang Zhong, all change color greatly.

Middle Yuanying stage Bai Yin was sent flying with just a blow of the stick? And Bai Yin could not even put up any resistance!

“Kaka, come again.” Hou Fei’s eyes glitter. In an instant, his black stick turns into 5 or 6 blurs, smashing towards them. Zhuang Zhong suddenly utters a loud shout. A massive shield appears in his hand. The blurs of the stick smash down on the shield.

With a boom, Zhuang Zhong’s entire body is rammed into the rock.

“Stop, stop, this is a misunderstanding, this is a misunderstanding!”

Cha Po shouts.

“Taste another blow.” Paying no attention to what Cha Po is shouting, Hou Fei smashes his stick towards him. Qin Yu is also amazed by the speed of Hou Fei’s black stick. He feels that when Hou Fei exerts his power, the stick arrives at the opponent’s face almost instantly. Both in power and in speed, it has reached a terrifying level.

A faint wicked smile suddenly appears on the corners of Hou Fei’s mouth. While his stick is coming at Cha Po, he uses the power of his waist and gives it a fierce shake.

The black stick is slightly bent at once then begins to swing violently back and forth between 2 other directions.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ......

The stick is situated exactly between Ran Lan and Mu Xu so when it swings back and forth, it hits their bodies. Because these 2 guardians’ demonic elemental energy is basically unable to withstand those heavy hits, they are sent flying backwards.

“Taste your grandpa’s stick!”

Hou Fei suddenly jumps up, lifts his black stick then smashes it down at Cha Po’s head with all his might. At this moment, Cha Po transforms into a 100 m long huge blood-red aquatic python. However, giving him basically no time to react, Hou Fei’s black stick immediately connects with his head.

No, to be exact, there is still a distance of 1 or 2 cm left between the stick and the python’s head.

Hu hu!

Because the stick moved extremely fast, it caused strong winds that make the water in the battlefield to surge forth. The blood-red aquatic python blinks his very red eyes and looks at that black stick, which is only 1 to 2 cm away from his head, in stupefaction. He only sobers up after a while then immediately switches to his human form.

Cha Po also knows that the opponent has spared his life, otherwise he would have been smashed to death.

“I am Cha Po. Sir, to be able to meet an expert like you, I can’t help feeling very happy. Just now I was too disrespectful.” Seeing Cha Po shift his ground so fast, even a grim Qin Yu on one side has to give a faint smile. Because Cha Po is acting like this, the 4 guardians also start to flatter Hou Fei.

In his mind, Qin Yu secretly praises Hou Fei for being sensible.

Beating them up is still acceptable, but if Cha Po is killed, the power behind him, Cha Hong, will get into action. Cha Hong is a Dongxu stage expert, and moreover, a blood-red aquatic python. Not even Hou Fei can defeat a blood-red aquatic python that has reached the Dongxu stage for certain.

Hou Fei seems to enjoy his opponents’ flattery very much. And before long, he introduces himself to them and even calls them brothers.

“Brother Hou Fei, do the 2 of you have any dwelling place in the Blood-red Ridge?” Cha Po moves his eyes around and says.

Hou Fei replies in an unconcerned manner: “No, we don’t. I’m still roaming about this place. My big brother and I have come here for a visit. The Blood-red Ridge really has many Xiuyaoists, many more than other places. It’s not bad to stay here.”

Cha Po immediately says with a smile: “Ah, I see. Then why don’t you stay in my Blood-red Cave, brother Hou Fei? With your excellent power, you’re more than qualified to become a guardian of the Blood-red Cave. Once you hold this position, I shall put 1000 guards under your direct control, what do you think?”

“Oh, guardian?” Hou Fei’s eyes brighten, looking as if his interest has been aroused. Suddenly he says to Cha Po: “I still have to ask my big brother Liu Xing about this. His answer will be my answer.”

In the Xiuyao world, power is everything. Seeing Hou Fei’s terrifying power, Cha Po naturally wants to pull him to his side. Now, after hearing Hou Fei’s words, he remembers the exchange just now between Qin Yu and Ran Lan. Thinking that Qin Yu should not be weaker than an ordinary guardian, he immediately works out a plan.

“Brother Liu Xing, if you think my Blood-red Cave deserves your respect then I will also invite you to become a guardian of it. What do you think? You and your brother will be able to enjoy life together with us while having to worry about nothing at all. I can guarantee that nobody within 8 million li of this place will dare to offend you.” Cha Po promises.

“Oh, guardian?”

Qin Yu looks at Cha Po and gives a faint smile.

End of b5c20.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 21
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C21: As small as a needle

In that moment, Qin Yu thinks about many things in his mind. Should he enter the Blood-red Cave’s headquarters and become a guardian?

“Brother Liu Xing.” Cha Po looks at Qin Yu in expectation.

Qin Yu gives Cha Po a look then suddenly says: “Since vice master is so sincere, and Fei Fei really wants to become a guardian too, it’s unsuitable for me to obstruct him. All right, I agree with this matter.” After this, he says no more.

Cha Po always feels uneasy when talking to Qin Yu.

The reason of this is that Qin Yu is absorbing all of the energies around him like a black hole, which makes him look very worrisome and frightening. Cha Po would rather deal with Hou Fei than deal with Qin Yu. Even though Hou Fei can become furious easily, once he finds out what Hou Fei likes, it will be very easy to handle Hou Fei.

“Ha-ha, brother Hou Fei, brother Liu Xing, please follow me.”

Cha Po thus leads the 2 experts and rushes to the Blood-red Cave. At the moment his heart is very excited. The positions of the big powers in the underwater world were not passed down to them from their ancestors and they had to rely on their own abilities to fight for those positions. The stronger one’s abilities are, the higher his status is.

In Cha Po’s estimation, Hou Fei’s power is definitely comparable to that of the no. 1 guardian Teng Bi, a horned dragon.

Cha Po, Qin Yu and Hou Fei go in the front while the 4 guardians, Bai Yin, Ran Lan, Mu Xu and Zhuang Zhong, go behind them. The 13 guardians are also divided into smaller groups and these 4 Xiuyaoists are a group. Now that 2 new experts have joined their ranks, they also have to calculate a bit for the future.

“Bai Yin, that Liu Xing is still manageable, his power is only comparable to mine. But that monkey ...” Ran Lan says to Bai Yin.

Bai Yin strokes his chin, ponders for a while then says: “For the moment we mustn’t provoke Hou Fei. This monkey is too strong. Perhaps only Teng Bi can rival him. As for Liu Xing, humph, that fella ...”

Bai Yin’s words are filled with disdain for Qin Yu.

“Don’t be too careless. We better be careful. That Liu Xing fellow should be practicing a special technique. I knew this as soon as I saw that his body wasn’t giving off any energy. In my opinion, his offense must be very strange.” Zhuang Zhong warns on one side.

Mu Xu however says with scorn: “There’s no need to worry so much about them. Everybody should think about what vice master said just now, 1000 guards. But there are only 5000 in total, where are these 1000 going to come from?”

Immediately, these several guardians fall silent.

All guardians value the groups of guards they really control very much because, firstly, the number of guards in a group is a symbol of the respective guardian’s individual power, and secondly, the more guards they are directly in charge of, the higher their levels of status are.

The 13 guardians control different numbers of guards. For example, the no. 1 guardian Horned Dragon Teng Bi alone has 1000 out of the 5000 guards under his command. This represents his individual power, as well as his status!

“Big brother, big brother, I got an urgent thing to tell you!”

Standing outside the secret room, Cha Po calls loudly. However, he is somewhat resentful in his heart: “Big brother is really unreasonable. He’s always doing closed-door training. Also, he doesn’t let anyone disturb him during his closed-door training and doesn’t even carry a transmitter.”

Every time he wants to meet Cha Hong, he must stand outside the door and shout like this.

Following a series of movement noises, the stone door opens. Cha Hong walks out with a cold expression. Seeing Cha Po, he shouts loudly: “2nd brother, I closed the door just a moment ago. What are you making a fuss about out here? What’s your urgent matter? Say it quickly!”

Even though Cha Hong is furious, he knows that Cha Po must have come to find him for some important reason.

“Big brother, I’ve recruited 2 more guardians.” Cha Po says with a mysterious expression. “Plus, one of them is exceptionally strong.”

Cha Hong’s eyes brighten at once.

In the underwater Xiuyao world, the more guardians the better. The big powers here always try to recruit as many guardians as possible. After all, the weakest guardian already has the offense of a Yuanying stage expert so a powerhouse will become stronger as its number of guardians increases.

“Exceptionally strong? How strong is he exactly?” Cha Hong is very happy in his heart.

Since obtaining his black jade case, he has been sure that one day he will eventually have to face the 3 superpowers. But to face them, he must have enough forces and experts. Therefore, he is currently in need of super experts the most.

“I, Bai Yin and 3 other guardians, there were 5 of us in total. We were very strong, don’t you think? But even though we joined forces, that fella beat us in just a while. We basically couldn’t fight back. I feel that he isn’t weaker than Teng Bi!”

Cha Po says contentedly. Having successfully invited such an expert to become a guardian, he is certainly very excited.

“Not weaker than Teng Bi?” Even Cha Hong cannot help smiling. In the past, to persuade Teng Bi to become a guardian of his, he himself had to put in quite a lot of effort. But now he has gained another expert of the same level as Teng Bi.

Cha Po says smilingly: “Big brother, don’t waste time thinking. Just follow me. I want them to be officially granted positions of guardians and Blood-red Crimson Cards as soon as possible!”

Only the cave master is eligible to bestow a Blood-red Crimson Card on someone. Cha Po after all is only the vice master. The cave master must personally deal with important matters such as announcing the appointment of a new guardian.

“Good, I’ll go get the Blood-red Crimson Cards ready. You summon the guardians and the leaders of the guard squads into the main hall right now. I’ll be there immediately.” At the moment Cha Hong is high-spirited and vigorous. He goes straight to the treasury in the rear hall without delay.

The appointment of 2 new guardians is a really important matter.

Not only the 13 guardians, but even the leaders of some guard squads also gather in the main hall. Theoretically, because there are 100 guards in a squad, there should be 50 squad leaders here, but quite a few of them are currently outside hunting for Qin Yu.

......

2 adjacent separate courtyard houses in the eastern part of the Blood-red Cave have become Qin Yu’s and Hou Fei’s dwelling places. Each house has 3 female Xiuyaoists who are all very seductive, clever and obedient.

The several tens courtyard houses in the eastern part of the palace share a garden. At the moment, Qin Yu and Hou Fei are sitting opposite each other at a stone table in the garden and chatting.

“Congratulations, I am Ba Ming. This is my 2nd brother Ba Jian and this is my 3rd brother Ba Shan. Us 3 brothers are also guardians of the Blood-red Cave.” 3 men who are almost identical in appearance and wearing greenish black armor walk up to Qin Yu and Hou Fei and greet them.

Hou Fei’s eyes brighten. He laughs strangely and says: “Black turtles? I’m Hou Fei. This is my big brother Liu Xing. Brothers, the defense of the 3 of you must be very impressive. Spar with me sometime, okay?”

The 3 brothers’ complexions immediately change. Ba Ming says with a forced smile: “Brother Hou Fei, we already heard about your formidability. When even Zhuang Zhong’s Heaven Raising Shell can’t withstand your attacks, us 3 brothers definitely can’t either. Please spare us.”

Ba Ming and his 2 brothers are very smart so they immediately admit defeat.

“So disappointing.” Hou Fei is very disappointed.

“Ha-ha, it’s really rare to see Ba Ming and his brothers admit defeat so easily. But brother Hou Fei is too strong so they can’t be blamed.” Bai Yin says smilingly while approaching from the distance. Ran Lan, Mu Xu and Zhuang Zhong are going beside him.

Ba Ming and his brothers give Bai Yin a look and utter a cold ‘humph’ but say nothing.

“Oh my, there are really many guardians here today. Who’s this handsome gentleman? A newly-arrived guardian, isn’t it?” 2 enchantingly beautiful women walk up to them. One of the women is dressed in green while the other is dressed in red.

The green-clad woman says with a he-he laugh: “I am Yan Qing. Nice to meet the two of you.”

The red-clad woman also says flirtatiously: “I am Xi Yan. Nice to meet the two of you.”

“Ha-ha, these 2 snake women, who are you seducing? Ha-ha ...” Following the loud and clear laughs, 2 large men continuously walk out. With a sweep of his holy sense, Qin Yu discovers that their true forms are 2 tiger sharks.

“Wu Tong.”

“Wu Feng.”

The 2 large men introduce themselves at once.

“Here is my big brother Liu Xing. I’m Hou Fei,” says Hou Fei casually. He then counts at will: “Well, Bai Yin and his mates are 4, 3 black turtles, 2 tiger sharks, 2 babes, so 11 are here already. Who are the other 2?”

At this moment, loud and clear laughs rise.

“Wu Tong, Wu Feng, you 2 unexpectedly didn’t wait for me. Ha-ha, looks like I’m already late. I am Sang Mo. Nice to meet the 2 of you.” Red-robed Sang Mo walks up to them while laughing out loud.

Qin Yu, who has been sitting on one side, slightly raises his head and gives Sang Mo an ice-cold look.

“Sang Mo, I’m Liu Xing.” Surprisingly, he stands up and focuses his eyes completely on Sang Mo. There is a faint unfathomable smile on his face at the moment. The others simply cannot understand why he is smiling.

The smile on Sang Mo’s face freezes.

Just now, when the other guardians came, Qin Yu basically did not say a word. Moreover, there is a frosty air about him so they unconsciously said nothing to him. But now they all become fairly curious because he is talking to Sang Mo.

“Guardian Sang Mo?” Qin Yu continues.

Sang Mo suddenly wakes up with a start. However, only after looking Qin Yu up and down does he says smilingly: “Brother Liu Xing, when I saw you just now, I felt as if I was seeing an old friend so I behaved tactlessly.” He basically can lie without batting an eyelid.

Qin Yu also smiles then sits down again and drinks the tea alone.

Sang Mo however is pondering nonstop in his mind because as soon as he saw Qin Yu moments ago, he got a feeling that he knew him. But no matter how hard he tries, he cannot remember when he met this guardian Liu Xing before.

“This Liu Xing fella is so strange. If I’d met him, I definitely wouldn’t have forgotten him. But, I absolutely have met him before.” Sang Mo is very sure. This is a feeling from the bottom of his heart so he simply does not doubt it.

After some time, a blue-clad middle-aged man comes.

“Brother Hou Fei, brother Liu Xing, this is Teng Bi, the boss. Boss Teng Bi is extremely powerful. Perhaps he’s going to reach the Dongxu stage soon.” Yan Qing says smilingly. She even gives Teng Bi a flirtatious look.

This Teng Bi has an air of iciness and fierceness about his entire body, making him look very frightening.

As Teng Bi looks at Hou Fei, his eyes suddenly brighten. He says: “Teng Bi.” The aura around his body unexpectedly starts to increase. Fighting spirit. Teng Bi knew at a glance that Hou Fei is extraordinary so his fighting spirit has also begun to rise in his heart.

Will Hou Fei be afraid of this?

“Kaka, you’re the one they call Teng Bi, right? Not bad, I’m Hou Fei.” Hou Fei says with a strange laugh, but he does not care about Teng Bi’s aura. At the same time, he sends out from his body a terrifying aura, which seems like the aura of an unmatched ferocious beast.

Feeling Hou Fei’s and Teng Bi’s auras, the other guardians all look at each other with popping eyes.

That’s it! Today, another super expert has joined the ranks of guardians. From now on they can only stand on one side.

“Very good. This place is too small. Let’s find a better place to fight later.” Teng Bi says briefly.

With a shake of his head, Hou Fei waves the black stick in his hand a couple of times and says haughtily: “Kaka, no matter the time, as long as you come find me, I’ll fight you, kaka ~~” He simply does not try to conceal the excitement in his eyes at all.

“Horned dragons are surprisingly gifted. A late Yuanying horned dragon like him should be enough for me to go all out without using berserk mode. I really look forward to this fight.” Hou Fei thinks to himself while licking his lips with his blood-red tongue. His eyes are glittering.

At this moment, Sang Mo, who has been pondering, suddenly opens his eyes wide.

“Xiuxianist, right, it’s that Xiuxianist.” He has suddenly discovered that this guardian Liu Xing gives him a feeling very similar to the feeling that the Xiuxianist gave him before despite the great difference between the general impressions they create.

As Sang Mo looks at the current Qin Yu, he is struck by a thought: “What a strange practice technique. Since it swallows up his entire aura, nobody can tell if he is a Xiuxianist or Xiuyaoist. After all, he doesn’t have a Xiuxian aura or a Xiuyao aura.”

According to his gut feeling, Sang Mo is somewhat suspicious of Qin Yu. Because Qin Yu is not giving off a bit of his aura, it is impossible to confirm that he is the Xiuxianist, but likewise, it is possible that he is the Xiuxianist.

“Brother Liu Xing.” Sang Mo says smilingly while walking towards Qin Yu.

Qin Yu slightly raises his eyes but then he continues to drink tea, basically ignoring Sang Mo.

“If I spar with him, I’ll definitely be able to determine who he is. Even if he has disguised himself, he can’t change the nature of the energy that he has been cultivating for several decades to over 100 years.” Sang Mo is very certain in his heart that if Liu Xing is really the Xiuxianist, even though he has changed his appearance and the air about him, the nature of his internal energy will still be the same as before.

Sang Mo says with a smile: “Brother Liu Xing, you’re brother Hou Fei’s big brother so your power must be exceptional. If that’s okay with you, I want to spar with you for a while.”

Qin Yu casts a glance at Sang Mo: “You?”

As before, Sang Mo responds by smiling.

Qin Yu suddenly stands up and says coldly: “All right, I agree!” The other guardians all concentrate their attention immediately to watch. With his face seemingly full of joy, Sang Mo says: “Then please show me your skills, brother Liu Xing.”

Qin Yu’s eyes brighten. In an instant, a black flying sword starts to float above his head. Seeing Qin Yu’s black flying sword, Sang Mo is slightly disappointed as he remembers that the flying sword the Xiuxianist was using when chased by him was definitely not black.

“Illusion Spreading Sword Art 3rd Move -- Illusion Flurry!”

Right after Qin Yu makes a hand sign of the sword art, the black flying sword moves extremely fast like lightning then disappears. Everybody only sees several black gusts of wind whistling towards Sang Mo, who basically has no time to dodge and consequently is ‘fanned’ by the strong black winds for a while.

When the whole thing is over, Sang Mo’s clothes have been destroyed almost completely. Now he is practically naked and his hair is in a mess.

“Ha-ha ... Sang Mo, you’re really white down there.” Ran Lan laughs out loud and says.

Covering her mouth, Yan Qing says smilingly: “Guardian Sang Mo, you’re as small as a needle down there.”

“As small as a needle, bwahaha ~~~” Hou Fei laughs out loud while holding his stomach. The other guardians also burst into loud laughter.

“Don’t overrate yourself.”

After saying, Qin Yu sits down again and slowly drinks the tea by himself, paying simply no attention to Sang Mo’s unpleasant expression.

End of b5c21.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5, 22
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C22: Arrest order

“It’s not him? His energy is unexpectedly yin, cold and corrosive rather than burning hot?” Sang Mo is very disappointed in his heart. But he cannot totally believe this because there is an indescribable feeling from his soul that makes him suspect Qin Yu.

In just a moment, Sang Mo wakes up from contemplation.

“Ah!” When he sees that he is in such an embarrassing situation and hears the loud laughs of the other guardians, the color of his face immediately changes. His demonic elemental energy surges forth and enfolds his body at once. He then rushes straight into his own courtyard house using his body-maneuvering skill.

Hou Fei points at Sang Mo’s courtyard house, laughs out loud and says: “Ha-ha ... I never thought a masculine fella could be so white. This is laughable. Hey, right, just now you guys mentioned something as small as a needle, what is it actually?”

Everybody bursts into loud laughter again. Yan Qing and Xi Yan also cover their mouths and laugh. Even the ladies-in-waiting not far from there all cover their mouths and burst out laughing. At this moment, only Qin Yu is still calmly drinking tea without laughing or saying a word.

Casting a glance at Sang Mo’s courtyard house, he slightly raises the corners of his mouth.

How could he not have understood Sang Mo’s thinking? That day, when he was ready to conceal his identity, he already thought carefully about many things that could blow his cover.

He knew that an individual’s spiritual awareness is extremely mysterious, just like how he and Xiao Hei can still feel each other’s existence even when they are very far apart. So, he was worried that Sang Mo would suspect his false identity.

Therefore, he already prepared for this long ago.

Qin Yu’s Stellar Flame has 2 forms. Through formations, he can turn it into the Ultra-yang Flame or the Ultra-yin Flame. And the characteristics of his stellar energy can also be changed via formations. Qin Yu thus set up some formations and restrictive spells on the Flaming Sword using purple gold.

When his stellar energy is channeled into the Flaming Sword, as soon as it goes through the formations and the restrictive spells, it will be automatically converted to an ultra-yin type of energy.

Of course, if Qin Yu wants, he can also set up opposite formations and change his stellar energy into an ultra-yang type of energy.

“Ha-ha, my guardians, so all of you are here. Cave master has ordered that you gather in the main hall. The installation of the 2 new guardians is going to start right away. Brother Hou Fei and brother Liu Xing should get ready. Oh? Where is guardian Sang Mo?” Cha Po asks doubtfully.

Yan Qing says smilingly: “Just now guardian Sang Mo sparred with guardian Liu Xing. Perhaps the defeat came as an unbearable blow to him.”

“Big sis, why don’t you go comfort Sang Mo’s bruised heart a bit?” Xi Yan says laughingly to Yan Qing. The latter presses a finger on the midpoint between the former’s eyebrows, saying: “If you want, why don’t you go yourself? I’m not interested in Sang Mo.”

After a ruckus, the 13 guardians, Qin Yu and Hou Fei go into the main hall.

As soon as Qin Yu enters this hall, he cannot help getting somewhat emotional inwardly. In terms of size, this main hall of the Blood-red Cave is even superior to the audience hall of an imperial palace on the Qian Long continent. Just by looking at its huge gold pillars, one can already know this. An imperial palace also has gold pillars, but they are actually just iron pillars wrapped in gold foil.

This main hall’s gold pillars are the real thing.

With a smiling expression, Cha Hong strides onto the raised platform and sits down directly in a grand manner. He then looks down at the guardians and 20-odd squad leaders below him.

“Cave master.” Cha Po and the 13 guardians immediately bow and say. Qin Yu and Hou Fei also copy them and slightly bow. But the 20-odd squad leaders behind them get down on one knee in a very respectful manner.

With a casual wave of his hand, Cha Hong says: “Everybody stand up.”

Those 20-odd squad leaders hurriedly stand up. Actually, there are 50 squad leaders altogether, but more than half of them have gone out to hunt for Qin Yu.

“Where are Liu Xing and Hou Fei? Take a few steps forwards to talk with me.” Cha Hong says smilingly. His manner at the moment is very good. However, the 13 original guardians all know that he is extremely cold-blooded, cruel and merciless.

Qin Yu and Hou Fei walk up.

“Cave master, I’m Hou Fei.” Hou Fei raises his head and looks at Cha Hong with basically no respect.

Cha Hong looks at Hou Fei. After making a sweep with his holy sense, he cannot help but feel very satisfied because he has ascertained that Hou Fei is an expert comparable to Horned Dragon Teng Bi. But when he looks at Qin Yu, he is secretly startled. Qin Yu’s current state, which absorbs all of the energies around him, is indeed shocking.

“I am Liu Xing.” Qin Yu says with neither humility nor arrogance.

“Liu Xing, what techniques did you learn? Why aren’t you giving off any energy?” asks Cha Hong.

In fact, Cha Hong is also somewhat suspicious of him. After all, Xiuyao techniques are less profound than Xiuxian and Xiumo ones. When such a mysterious technique is used by a Xiuyaoist, this Xiuyaoist’s background is definitely not simple.

“This is my school’s secret technique, which can’t be taught to outsiders.” Qin Yu says at once.

He becomes rather worried in his heart: “This Cha Hong fella is extremely powerful. Now I don’t have any auras, whether Xiuyao or Xiuxian. If he suspects my identity, this’ll be pretty troublesome.”

Judging from Cha Hong’s expression, Qin Yu simply has no way to figure out what he is actually thinking.

“Oh, I see. Then let’s forget it.” Cha Hong is still smiling broadly, apparently not angry at all. He only gives Qin Yu a look with a hidden meaning then looks at Sang Mo. Qin Yu is slightly afraid inwardly, but his expression remains unchanged.

“After knowing about the incident just now, could Cha Hong have figured out something?” He ponders.

However, he is not too nervous either because if he cannot win, he can still run. Moreover ... Hou Fei, a divine beast, is here so it will not be easy for Cha Hong to deal with them.

“Brother Hou Fei, brother Liu Xing, my Blood-red Cave is really lucky that you have accepted our invitation to become guardians. These are Blood-red Crimson Cards, the authority cards of the Blood-red Cave’s guardians. Once you have these authority cards, nobody within an 8 million li radius of this place will dare to offend you.”

Cha Hong smilingly takes out from his bosom 2 authority cards. The ladies-in-waiting beside him immediately receive the cards and go up to the sides of Qin Yu and Hou Fei.

“Please accept these Blood-red Crimson Cards. From now on, the 2 of you are the 14th and 15th guardians of my Blood-red Cave.” Cha Hong says with a smile. The guardians are numbered not based on their power, but based on the times of their appointments.

Qin Yu and Hou Fei immediately receive the Blood-red Crimson Cards.

“Congratulations, brother Hou Fei, brother Liu Xing.” Teng Bi unexpectedly is the 1st to stand up. After giving Qin Yu a look, he focuses his eyes on Hou Fei: “Brother Hou Fei, you must not forget the agreement between us just now.”

“Kaka ~~~ don’t worry, I can give you a treat anytime.” Hou Fei is totally unconcerned.

The other guardians also congratulate Qin Yu and Hou Fei. Even though some are merely acting, this is something that they must do.

“All right, next we’re going to discuss a matter. Everyone already knows that according to a rule of the Blood-red Cave, a guardian has their own guards. Today guardian Hou Fei and guardian Liu Xing have joined us, so the number of guards each guardian controls has to be adjusted a bit.” Cha Hong says loudly.

In an instant, everyone in the main hall quiets down.

The 13 original guardians look at each other without saying a word. They have gathered in the main hall this time mostly because of this matter. Those Blood-red Crimson Cards merely represent the bearers’ identities. To them, only the guards directly under them are important.

Everybody quietly waits for Cha Hong’s order.

“2nd brother, announce the number of guards directly under each guardian’s command.” Cha Hong says indifferently.

Cha Po takes a step forwards, saying: “The 3 black turtles Ba Ming and his 2 brothers have 800 guards together. The 2 brothers Wu Tong and Wu Feng have 600 guards together. Sang Mo has 300. Yan Qing and Xi Yan are directly in charge of 600 together. Bai Yin, Ran Lan, Mu Xu and Zhuang Zhong have 1200 together. Guardian Teng Bi has 1000. The remaining 500 guards are under my command.”

In fact, the cave master and vice masters do not need guards because they can order guards at will using their Blood-red Black Cards.

Even though those guards are under the guardians’ direct command, the cave master and vice masters still have the right to order them.

“Big brother, how, in your opinion, should the guards be distributed?” Cha Po says respectfully.

The 13 original guardians in the main hall all wait attentively to hear Cha Hong’s order, and Qin Yu and Hou Fei also wait with attention even though they do not care too much about guards. However, the number of guards also decides their status in the Blood-red Cave.

Later they will be able to order and transfer these guards.

“Cha Po mentioned 1000 last time. Let’s see how they’re going to wangle 1000.” With a sweep of his holy sense, Qin Yu sees the expressions of all the Xiuyaoists present. Except for Teng Bi, who is not very worried, the other guardians seem very nervous.

“2nd brother, I remember that after 3rd brother’s death, his 500 guards were distributed to the guardians. How were they distributed?” Cha Hong finally says.

Cha Po thinks for a while then says: “After 3rd brother’s death, among his 500 guards, 100 were given to the Wu brothers, another 100 were given to Yan Qing and her sister, and the remaining 300 guards were given to the 4 guardians in Bai Yin’s group.”

Hearing this, everyone has a vague idea of what is going to happen.

It looks like those guardians are going to have to spit out the extra guards they got.

The expressions of Yan Qing and her sister, Wu Tong, Wu Feng and the 4 guardians in Bai Yin’s group are currently not very pleasant to look at. Previously, they had to negotiate with the other guardians and pay a high price to get these guards. Therefore, if the guards are recalled now, their sacrifices will be a waste.

A faint smile appears on Qin Yu’s face. He can guess what Cha Hong is thinking.

“All right, those 500 guards will be recalled. They and 2nd brother’s 500 guards will amount to 1000 guards. These 1000 guards will be put under guardian Hou Fei and guardian Liu Xing’s direct command. Does anyone have a different opinion?” Cha Hong glances at everybody in the hall.

The 13 original guardians of course accept the order. What can they possibly say in this situation?

“Very good. After everyone returns, those 1000 guards are going to be reallocated this way.” Cha Hong says smilingly.

At this moment, a squad leader runs in from outside, his face full of terror. He says: “Cave master, the situation is bad. Died, all died.”

“Calm your nerves and tell me clearly.” Cha Hong shouts coldly, but his face has already turned pale. When he heard the words ‘died, all died,’ he immediately had a bad feeling. The guardians in the main hall also have a feeling that something bad has happened.

All eyes are focused on that squad leader.

He takes a deep breath then says: “Cave master, after we received your order to come out and hunt for that black eagle, every Xiuyaoist within 8 million li of here also naturally became our eyes and we were able to detect that black eagle very quickly.”

When Qin Yu hears this, his heart beats faster.

Hunting for a black eagle?

“They’re hunting for Xiao Hei?” He ponders very quickly in his mind. “Why do they want to hunt for Xiao Hei? Logically, both Sang Mo and Cha Hong should be hunting for me.” Suddenly, he is struck by a thought and understands this matter at once.

He forces a smile inwardly.

The reason Xiao Hei is being hunted must be that he is connected with him. Sang Mo, who knows about the connection between Xiao Hei and him, must want to capture Xiao Hei to lure him out.

“Say, what happened after you had detected the black eagle?” Cha Hong shouts with a livid face.

The squad leader swallows nervously then continues: “Afterwards, a 50 strong subgroup of my squad and several tens other nearby Xiuyaoists joined forces to capture the black eagle. Who could’ve thought ... Who could’ve thought that eagle was too terrifying, too terrifying?”

“The leader of that group was my second-in-command. He was only able to send me a message before dying -- “Black light, all died.” A half day later, I got some messages from the Xiuyaoists who had discovered their bodies. They said that my subgroup and several tens Xiuyaoists were all dead and there were no survivors!”

Now, even the squad leader finds what he just said somewhat unbelievable.

The atmosphere in the main hall immediately becomes oppressive. For so many years, nobody has dared to massacre the Blood-red Cave’s guards in the territory of the Blood-red Cave, much less in such a bold manner. Those experts who have reached the Yuanying stage are capable of such an action but they also know the serious consequences of it.

If they killed any guards, Cha Hong would be provoked, and they would suffer a terrible fate as a result.

Qin Yu however secretly lets out a sigh of relief: “Not bad, nothing has happened to Xiao Hei.”

Cha Po takes a step forwards, saying: “Big brother, that black eagle is very powerful. His offense is roughly comparable to a middle Yuanying expert’s. Those guards weren’t strong enough so they could do nothing but to get killed. To deal with this black eagle, we need to send the guardians.”

Cha Hong also nods.

Indeed, at this point, he has to send the guardians. They exist only to handle hostile experts like the black eagle.

“This time we’ve lost some guards. When this matter has been dealt with, let’s recruit 250 more guards. 50 of them will be used to reinforce the damaged squad while the remaining 200 will be given to the guardian who captures the black eagle as a reward.” Cha Hong’s eyes glitter with killing intent.

Someone has dared to kill his guards so naturally killing intent has begun to surge in his heart.

“I am willing to go.” Bai Yin takes a step forwards and says. He is a middle Yuanying stage expert and close to Cha Po in power. Knowing that Cha Po has defeated the black eagle before, he is certain that he will succeed in this mission. Moreover, he will not go alone.

Copying him, the 3 guardians, Ran Lan, Mu Xu and Zhuang Zhong, also say: “I am willing to go.”

Qin Yu’s heart immediately becomes anxious. Bai Yin and his friends cannot withstand even an attack by Hou Fei, but one must not underestimate their power. Qin Yu exchanged a blow with Ran Lan before and afterwards he has concluded that Ran Lan is about as strong as him.

Facing Bai Yin, who has even reached the middle Yuanying stage, can Xiao Hei win with absolute certainty?

And being ganged up on by 4 experts, can he have even an outside chance of surviving?

“Cave master.” Sang Mo unexpectedly takes a step forwards and says: “You have put 1000 guards under guardian Hou Fei and guardian Liu Xing’s joint command. Guardian Hou Fei is very powerful so no one can say anything about him, but it’s hard to tell how powerful guardian Liu Xing is. In my opinion, guardian Liu Xing should take this opportunity to capture that black eagle, thereby showcasing his power.”

After saying, he looks smilingly at Qin Yu.

“Humph, let’s see how you’re going to answer. If you want to save that black eagle, you’ll probably have to betray cave master, and you’ll die in due course. And if you take the order, you can only watch the black eagle die. Now you have a choice between a rock and a hard place, unless you’re not the Xiuxianist!”

A choice?

To Qin Yu, there is no choice here.

“This lowlife Sang Mo, you’ve dug your own grave!” Hou Fei’s fiery eyes glitter. A terrifying, ferocious aura comes out from his whole body. The black stick has even appeared in his hand. It looks like he is going to kill Sang Mo on the spot if the latter utters a provocative word.

“I am willing to go!”

Qin Yu, however, takes a step forwards and says smilingly. He then gives Sang Mo a look: “I’m going to do as guardian Sang Mo said. I’m going to capture that black eagle and show my own power.”

End of b5c22.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5, 23
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C23: Tailing

Sang Mo’s pupils slightly contract.

Obviously the fact that Qin Yu has accepted the mission so simply has amazed him. But after considering for a while, he continues to think to himself: “Liu Xing? I want to see if you’re going to capture the black eagle for real.”

Now that Qin Yu has taken this mission, there are 2 situations that can arise. The first is Qin Yu will kill the black eagle, in which case Sang Mo will not be able to do anything. And the second is Qin Yu will temporarily change sides to kill the other guardians, in which case even if Sang Mo does not have evidence that guardian Liu Xing is the Xiuxianist, he will still be able to persuade Cha Hong to execute Qin Yu for treachery.

“Heh-heh ~~~”

Hou Fei bursts into a strange laughter. A ferocious aura is coming out from his entire body. He glares at Sang Mo then suddenly looks at Qin Yu and says: “Big brother, why do you agree to go as that lowlife Sang Mo said? Screw him. Just who does he think he is? I can squash him with a blow of my stick.”

Immediately afterwards, Hou Fei looks at Cha Hong and raises his head, saying: “Cave master, I became a guardian because I wanted to show my regard for brother Cha Po. 1000 guards or something, even with my abilities alone I’m already eligible to have them. So why can’t my big brother and I be in charge of 1000 guards together? Why does he have to show his power? If you think my big brother isn’t good enough, kaka, that’s ok, big brother and I will leave immediately. This guardian position is nothing rare to me.”

Then, paying no attention to Cha Hong, he turns his head around looking at Cha Po and says in a seemingly very heartfelt manner: “Brother Cha Po, it’s not that I don’t want to treat you with respect, but this anger is too much for me to contain.”

Cha Po hurriedly says: “Please calm down a bit, brother Hou Fei. I know that you’re straightforward. My big brother hasn’t said anything, has he?”

Cha Hong slightly frowns and casts Qin Yu a look.

The 1st thing Qin Yu does is to look at Hou Fei, saying: “Fei Fei, there’s no need fret over this. Isn’t it just to go catch a black eagle? We’ve already become the Blood-red Cave’s guardians so we have to do something. If I am to do nothing as a guardian, I’ll feel terribly uneasy.”

After saying, he also gives Sang Mo a glance.

Sang Mo, however, looks at Qin Yu smilingly and says: “Guardian Liu Xing, you’re so eager to serve cave master. We’re going to have to emulate your loyalty as well.”

“Shut up. Nobody allows you to say. Screw you! You’re getting on my nerves.” Hou Fei’s fiery eyes glitter with ferocity. The black stick in his hands looks like it is going to be used to attack anytime. When Sang Mo hears Hou Fei’s words, his complexion slightly changes at once, but he does not dare to retort.

By contrast, Qin Yu looks at Cha Hong again, saying: “Cave master, let’s settle this matter this way. I’m definitely going to capture that black eagle for you.”

Hou Fei gives Sang Mo a stare but does not say anything again.

“Ha-ha ... good, you’re so loyal, guardian Liu Xing. I’m really very happy about this. Bai Yin, Ran Lan, Mu Xu, Zhuang Zhong, and Liu Xing, the 5 of you listen.” Cha Hong’s voice suddenly becomes imposing and sonorous.

Qin Yu and the 4 guardians in Bai Yin’s group immediately bow to wait for the order.

“I order you 5 to set off in a half day. You must capture that black eagle. But if an urgent situation arises, do not hesitate to kill it.” Cha Hong says in a serious voice that contains killing intent. He has been furious since knowing about the deaths of 50 of his guards.

Qin Yu, Bai Yin, Ran Lan, Mu Xu and Zhuang Zhong bow and say in chorus: “Yes, cave master!”

Cha Hong told them to set off after a half day to give them time to make preparations. Qin Yu and Hou Fei then go back to their houses directly. The 4 guardians in Bai Yin’s group also return to their quarters, but they gather in Bai Yin’s courtyard house instead of going into their respective houses.

At all times, there are various beautiful ladies-in-waiting carrying all kinds of food walking along the walkways and corridors outside every courtyard house in the eastern area of the Blood-red Cave. A red-robed, frosty-faced Sang Mo does not go back to his own courtyard house. Instead, he heads for Bai Yin’s.

Seeing him, a green-clad lady-in-waiting hurriedly stands to one side of the corridor and says respectfully: “Guardian.”

“Humph.” Sang Mo gives a snort. Without looking at the lady-in-waiting at all, he walks straight towards Bai Yin’s courtyard house.

At the moment, Bai Yin and his 3 friends are in his courtyard house and discussing laughingly with each other. Seeing Sang Mo entering, Mu Xu immediately utters a cold humph. His expression seems unhappy.

“Greetings, everybody.” Sang Mo says to the 4 guardians with folded hands.

Bai Yin shows a smiling expression while Ran Lan’s and Zhuang Zhong’s faces are full of unconcern. But Mu Xu says with a cold laugh: “Patriarch Sang Mo, what great day is today that you’ve unexpectedly come to our place? You’ve really terrified me.”

Among the 13 original guardians, both Mu Xu and Sang Mo are octopuses. However, Sang Mo belongs to the Sang clan whereas Mu Xu is a member of the Mu clan. These 2 clans have been vying to become the no. 1 octopus clan so there is a long-lasting feud between them.

Anger surges in Sang Mo’s chest, but he tries hard to suppress it.

“Patriarch Mu Xu, I’ve come here because of the lives of you all. If you don’t care about your own life or the lives of the other 3 guardians, I’m going to leave immediately.” After saying, Sang Mo looks at the other guardians.

Mu Xu however says with a sinister smile: “Oh, our lives? It sounds as if you’ve come here today to benefit us and to save our little lives. Since when have you become so good-hearted? I’ve always been under the impression that you can’t wait for our deaths.”

“Mu Xu, I can’t wait for your death, but not for the other guardians’.” Sang Mo’s eyes flash with coldness. “If not the fact that you’re going to go with the 3 of them this time, why would I tell you about this great secret?”

“Great secret? Humph.”

Mu Xu laughs coldly.

But Bai Yin frowns at once. Hearing Sang Mo say ‘if not for the fact that you’re going to go with the 3 of them this time’, he concludes that Sang Mo should have come here because of the business of catching the black eagle. Objectively speaking, there is absolutely nobody who knows about that Xiuxianist and that black eagle as well as Sang Mo does.

“Maybe Sang Mo really knows some secret?” Bai Yin’s interest is aroused. He immediately says loudly: “Mu Xu, guardian Sang Mo came here willingly so we can’t be discourteous.”

As soon as Bai Yin says that, Mu Xu lets out a cold humph then stands aside and no longer talks to Sang Mo. Bai Yin is the leader of this gang of 4 and is also the strongest among them. Even his thinking is admired by the other 3 guardians.

In contrast, Bai Yin looks at Sang Mo and says smilingly: “Guardian Sang Mo, what’s the meaning of your words, I wonder? What is the secret? And why is it related to our lives?”

“Let’s go inside to talk.”

Sang Mo goes straight into a room. Bai Yin slightly stops then also enters that room. At the same time, he very sensibly sets up restrictive spells so that outsiders cannot spy on them.

“Sang Mo, what’s actually the secret? Just say it.”

Sang Mo is standing in the center of the room with his back facing Bai Yin.

Only when he feels that Bai Yin has set up restrictive spells does he turn around and looks at Bai Yin in satisfaction. Then he slowly says: “That guardian Liu Xing, even though I’m not totally sure, he’s most likely to be that Xiuxianist. Bai Yin, I think you understand the meaning of this.”

Bai Yin’s face immediately changes color.

His first reaction after hearing those words is to think that Sang Mo is trying to fool him, but then he thinks that it is totally useless for Sang Mo to do so. After pondering carefully again, and considering Liu Xing’s body does not give off any bits of aura, he believes that Liu Xing is indeed possibly the Xiuxianist.

If what Sang Mo said is true, then ...!

Cold sweat even begins to trickle down his back. The Xiuxianist and the black eagle are on one side. If, when the 5 guardians are ganging up on the black eagle, Qin Yu suddenly attacked them, catching them totally off guard, perhaps 2 of them would be incapacitated in an instant.

Given the black eagle’s and Qin Yu’s power, there is a real possibility that all the 4 of them would die afterwards.

“Guardian Bai Yin, this is just a word of warning from me. I’m not very sure either, but I believe you’ll have your own plan.” Sang Mo says with a smile then removes the restrictive spells directly and walks past Bai Yin on one side to go out of the room.

He knows Bai Yin’s character very well. If there is a little doubt or a little danger, Bai Yin will definitely work out a perfect plan to eliminate them.

Bai Yin’s face has darkened. In an instant, his expression changes several times. Afterwards, he turns around and looks at Sang Mo, who is disappearing at the gate of the courtyard house. A faint smile appears on the corners of his mouth. He has already come to a decision.

......

There are various surging undercurrents at the bottom of the ocean. Qin Yu, robed in black, is rushing extremely fast on his black flying sword. The other 4, Bai Yin, Ran Lan, Mu Xu and Zhuang Zhong, are also using their own techniques to go extremely fast at the bottom of the ocean. The 5 experts are going side by side. Seeing them, all ordinary Xiuyaoists quickly sheer off.

This time, the Blood-red Cave has ordered the green-eyed fish clan members to help them monitor the black eagle’s movements. The Blood-red Cave is not Sang Mo. In the past Sang Mo had to pay to get the help of 30 members of this clan, but the Blood-red Cave has been able to make several hundred members of this clan work for it together with just a command.

When several hundred green-eyed fish clan members monitor together, they can cover an area of a million li in radius.

“Guardian Liu Xing, if we run into that black eagle, how do you think should we attack? After all, there are 5 of us so we should plan ahead a bit.” Bai Yin says smilingly to Qin Yu while approaching him.

Ran Lan, Mu Xu and Zhuang Zhong also come slightly closer to Qin Yu to listen to what he is going to say.

Qin Yu gives Bai Yin a look, seemingly wanting to see through his soul. Bai Yin’s heart skips a beat. He cannot help secretly getting even more alert against this Liu Xing.

Bai Yin does not know that thanks to practicing Xiumo secret techniques, in terms of using spiritual energy, Qin Yu has already far surpassed ordinary Xiuzhenists, who can only use it in the most basic ways. Among those spiritual-energy-related Xiumo techniques, there are some that must be performed through the eyes.

In an instant, Qin Yu withdraws his eyes from Bai Yin and says indifferently: “Guardian Bai Yin, since you already got a plan, why bothered asking me? You’re the strongest in the 5 of us so you’re the leader in this hunting mission. You only need to give orders, I’ll just follow them.”

Bai Yin says smilingly: “If so, I’ll speak up.”

Qin Yu looks at Bai Yin, wanting to know how he is going to deal with Xiao Hei.

“Once we detect the black eagle, guardian Liu Xing, Ran Lan and Mu Xu will attack together. With your combined force, you’ll most probably be able to fight it evenly. I’m the strongest so I’ll seize any chance to use sneak attacks and deliver the finishing blow. We’ll capture it if possible, but if not, we’ll just kill it directly. As for Zhuang Zhong, you will have to be ready for any complications at all times.”

Bai Yin gives the others a look and says smilingly: “If anybody doesn’t agree with my plan, feel free to tell me.”

Mu Xu and Ran Lan exchange a look then nod their heads. They have heard Cha Po talk about the black eagle’s power before so they know that it will not be easy for the black eagle to kill just the 2 of them, much less when they and Liu Xing join forces.

Zhuang Zhong does not have an opinion. He is of course very happy that he will not have to fight.

“Guardian Liu Xing, how about you?” Bai Yin looks at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu also nods his head.

Now the plan has been approved.

At this moment, Zhuang Zhong, who is slightly behind the others, takes a look at Qin Yu then takes a look at Bai Yin. His eyes suddenly flash with cunningness and coldness, but it goes back to normal in an instant and he seems like a nice old man again.

.....

Not long after Qin Yu and the other 4 left the Blood-red Cave, Sang Mo also leaves the cave alone and rushes straight in their direction.

“Liu Xing, let’s see what your real face is. You got such a strange technique but nobody has ever heard about you before. It’s very unusual that the Xiuxianist has disappeared since you appeared.” Sang Mo will never give up before a thorough investigation has been carried out.

“Bai Yin, if you can expose Liu Xing’s real identity, you have to give me a chance to hit him when he’s down.” Sang Mo gives a sinister smile then speeds up his chase, looking like a red beam of light.

He has given the green-eyed fish clan some benefits so when this clan’s members tell Bai Yin’s group about the black eagle’s movements, they also conveniently tell Sang Mo.

......

Qin Yu is going nonstop. He can feel that he and the others are getting closer and closer to Xiao Hei.

“This green-eyed fish clan is really nasty. Xiao Hei can’t morph into a human. If he could, he’d be very similar to the other Xiuyaoists and it’d be hard for those green-eyed fish to find him. But his black eagle appearance is too distinguishable. It’s very hard to find another black eagle at the bottom of the ocean.”

Qin Yu is very frustrated in his heart. This time, the entire green-eyed fish clan is keeping watch so Xiao Hei basically cannot escape those fish’s detection.

Suddenly, Qin Yu’s face slightly changes color.

“No good, Xiao Hei is unexpectedly rushing towards me.” Qin Yu can feel clearly that Xiao Hei is going extremely fast in his direction. Xiao Hei should be doing this because he has sensed Qin Yu’s existence. He thinks that Qin Yu is coming to find him so he is also heading for Qin Yu.

At this rate, Qin Yu and the other guardians are going to encounter Xiao Hei soon.

After a while, Bai Yin bursts out laughing and says: “According to the message the green-eyed fish clan just sent me, that black eagle is unexpectedly rushing towards us. Ha-ha, he is seeking his own death. Get ready, everybody. This black eagle is not very easy to slaughter.”

“Since he can’t even wait for us to kill him, there’s no need to show any mercy.” Ran Lan, whose face is half black half blue, says with a malicious smile.

Bai Yin, Zhuang Zhong and Mu Xu also laugh out loud. They seem not worried about whether they will be able to kill Xiao Hei at all. Bai Yin casts a sidelong glance at Qin Yu then immediately looks at his 3 brothers again.

End of b5c23.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 24
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C24: Revolt

As the 5 guardians keep going, the distance between them and the black eagle grows shorter and shorter. The 4 in Bai Yin’s group can only estimate this distance based on messages sent by the green-eyed fish clan. They are simply unable to know exactly what it is.

But Qin Yu can feel Xiao Hei’s location clearly.

“My holy sense has a longer range than theirs. Now I can only rely on it to tell Xiao Hei in advance.” Qin Yu expands his holy sense. After 3 years of practice in the ravine, during which time his soul was nourished continuously by the Meteoric Tear, by now his soul has reached peak of the late Yuanying stage.

Strangely enough, when he was staying in the ravine, the heat current sent out by the Meteoric Tear was 2 to 3 times larger than when he had been outside. Now that Qin Yu has left the ravine, the speed at which the Meteoric Tear releases the heat current has also slowed down. No matter how he has tried, he has been unable to figure out the cause of this.

At the bottom of the ocean, there are various fast flowing currents and shoals of fish. The 5 guardians are piercing through them extremely fast like 5 light beams of different colors.

“According to the green-eyed fish clan’s messages, that black eagle is only 2000 li away from us. We can run into it anytime from now on. Everybody, let’s stop. We’re going to wait at ease here and get ready to strike that black eagle a crushing blow.”

Bai Yin’s voice rises. In an instant, the other 4 guardians stop.

They are currently in a vast area of nothing but water. There are no obstacles in this area. One should know that the distances from the surface to the bottom of this boundless ocean are normally greater than 10 km. Xiuyaoists generally build their palaces on some underwater mountain ranges because constructing at extreme depths is difficult.

However, a depth of 10 km is nothing.

In this ocean, the depths of some abysses even reach several tens km, or maybe more. The water pressures at those depths are terrifying. Qin Yu is still not strong enough to go down to such depths.

Of course, there are also many treasures at those depths, but one must be very powerful to be able to gather them.

“Guardian Liu Xing, Ran Lan and Mu Xu, the 3 of you should be well prepared. You three are going to fight the black eagle head-on. I’m going to be ready to use sneak attacks and deal the finishing blow.” Bai Yin tells Qin Yu and the others directly.

Qin Yu however is pondering his own sneak attacks in his mind.

“Bai Yin is the strongest among these 4 guys so it’s best to kill him first. Ran Lan is cruel and cunning. Mu Xu is arrogant, but there’s no need to worry about him. As for Zhuang Zhong ...” Qin Yu takes a look at Zhuang Zhong. In fact he has been on alert for this seemingly gullible guardian all along.

Zhuang Zhong has only reached the late Jindan stage in power but he was able to become a guardian. In terms of offense, Ran Lan and Mu Xu are not necessarily superior to him.

“Bai Yin is middle Yuanying while Ran Lan and Mu Xu are only early Yuanying. I must sneakily attack Bai Yin, the stronger. After eliminating this formidable fella, it’ll be a bit easier to join forces with Xiao Hei.” Qin Yu gives Bai Yin a look then goes straight towards him.

Seeing Qin Yu coming, Bai Yin immediately becomes alert in his mind.

A light flashes and a shiny silvery suit of armor appears on his body. At the same time, various streams of demonic elemental energy start to move around him. He says loudly: “Even though it’s going to be 5 against 1, we’ve got to be cautious. Protect yourself carefully first, everybody.”

He then looks at Qin Yu and says smilingly: “Guardian Liu Xing, could you be so confident that you don’t want to protect your body?”

Hatred rises in Qin Yu’s heart.

He does not know if Bai Yin’s action was deliberate or not, but following this, it has become much more difficult to kill Bai Yin through sneak attacks.

“Could Bai Yin be suspecting me?” Qin Yu’s heart skips a beat. If this is true, the situation will be very bad for him. At least Bai Yin will always be on guard against him so it will be much harder to eliminate Bai Yin with sneak attacks.

Qin Yu considers in his mind. In the end he says coldly: “Protect my body? You don’t have to worry about this, guardian Bai Yin.”

His eyes sweep over the other 3.

Zhuang Zhong is also wearing a large suit of armor, but Ran Lan and Mu Xu are not. After thinking for a while, Qin Yu understands the reason for this. Zhuang Zhong’s true form is a large-clawed crab and Bai Yin’s is a silvery-shelled lobster so naturally their bodies are protected by armor.

One should know that it requires many kinds of ores in large quantities to forge defensive holy items, and it is also difficult to forge them. Therefore, to Xiuyaoists, armor forging is very difficult. In general, most of the Xiuyaoists who have armor were born with it.

Ran Lan is a black-circle aquatic python and Mu Xu is an octopus. They both do not have innate armor and therefore the best they can do now is to protect their bodies with demonic elemental energy.

“Good, let’s kill Ran Lan and Mu Xu first. Once the 2 of them are eliminated, even though Bai Yin is tough, when I join forces with Xiao Hei, it shouldn’t be a problem to handle the remaining 2.” Qin Yu secretly calculates. At the same time, he pretends to make preparations with Ran Lan and Mu Xu.

He, Ran Lan and Mu Xu are currently side by side. According to the plan, as soon as they see the black eagle, they will come forwards together and attack simultaneously.

......

“Bai Yin, we’re going to let that Mu Xu fella die?” Ran Lan asks Bai Yin through his holy sense.

With his expression unchanged, Bai Yin replies through holy sense communication: “Mu Xu is an aggressive, simple-minded fella. If we told him about this, he’d definitely leak it. You’re different, Ran Lan. You are very cunning and ruthless and don’t have a good ‘tude towards anybody. So, even if you’re hostile to Liu Xing, he won’t suspect you.”

Hearing Bai Yin say that he is “cunning and ruthless”, Ran Lan even feels happy in his heart.

“Humph, humph, let’s see if Liu Xing is the Xiuxianist or not, but I feel sorry for Mu Xu.” Ran Lan says via his holy sense. Even though he said so, he actually does not care about Mu Xu’s life at all.

......

Xiao Hei is rushing northwest extremely fast. He has not seen Qin Yu for a long time. At the moment he can feel Qin Yu’s existence very clearly. There are even only several hundred li left between them. While Xiao Hei’s heart is being filled is excitement,

“Xiao Hei, stop.”

Qin Yu’s voice rises in Xiao Hei’s mind. Hearing that familiar voice, Xiao Hei immediately stops with no hesitation. The current distance between them is nearly 100 li so Qin Yu can say to Xiao Hei using his holy sense but Xiao Hei cannot do the same thing to him.

“Xiao Hei, there are 4 guardians of the Blood-red Cave with me now. They’re ready to kill you and I’m among them. You must remember to rush to the place 10 m west of me with all your power right now. When you see a fella in white armor, kill him for me. Remember to charge with all your power. We must catch them unprepared.”

When Qin Yu finishes saying, Xiao Hei totally understands.

The energy in his body immediately surges. Electric sparks then begin to zigzag on his wings. With a shake of his wings, he disappears straight towards the northwest like a blood-red flash in an instant. His speed is simply shockingly fast.

......

The 5 guardians have expanded their holy senses, ready to spring into action at any time.

Qin Yu, Ran Lan and Mu Xu are furthest ahead. Bai Yin is more than 10 m to the west of the 3 of them and Zhuang Zhong is at the back. None of the 5 guardians says to each other a word because they all know that the black eagle can appear anytime!

“It’s come!”

Bai Yin’s voice rises in the minds of the other. As he has reached the middle phase of the Yuanying stage, his holy sense is theoretically somewhat superior to theirs. However, Bai Yin simply does not know how formidable Qin Yu’s holy sense is.

When Bai Yin’s voice has just risen in the others’ minds, their holy senses detect a blood-red beam of light coming straight at them at an extreme speed. Its speed is simply so fast that they are secretly shocked. In one respect, speed also represents power.

Qin Yu, Ran Lan and Mu Xu charge at that blood-red beam of light almost simultaneously.

As Bai Yin sees this scene, a faint smile appears on the corners of his mouth. But his smile freezes in just a moment because while the 3 silhouettes are rushing at the blood-red beam of light, it suddenly makes a turn extremely fast and shoots at Bai Yin.

“Attack together!”

By the time Bai Yin’s voice rises in everybody else’s mind, the blood-red light beam has already pulled away from Ran Lan, Mu Xu and Qin Yu, who were rushing at it. The black eagle was too fast so Qin Yu and the other 2 basically could not stop him. The 3 of them immediately make a turn and charge at him again.

At this moment!

Qin Yu, Mu Xu and Ran Lan are rushing at the black eagle side by side while the eagle is rushing at Bai Yin and Zhuang Zhong is still behind Bai Yin’s back. In theory, given the current situation, what happens next should be 5 guardians surrounding and attacking the black eagle together.

However, at this moment, the situation changes because Qin Yu finally takes action!

Pu!

In just about an instant, the Flaming Gloves appear on Qin Yu’s hands. His left hand penetrates Mu Xu’s chest directly then crushes Mu Xu’s heart with a grab. As Mu Xu was totally unprepared for this blow, the little amount of demonic elemental energy protecting his body was insufficient to withstand Qin Yu’s Flaming Glove.

Qin Yu then thrusts his right hand at Ran Lan’s back like a sharp arrow.

Bang!

Seeming to have foreseen this strike, Ran Lan blocks it with his hand. But the combination of Qin Yu’s terrifying power and a Flaming Glove is beyond his imagination. With a clack noise, his hand is ruptured immediately, but he is able to make use of the impact force to back away.

“What bad luck!” Qin Yu’s face changes color.

Mu Xu, whose heart has been shattered, looks at Qin Yu in stupefaction. His face is full of disbelief: “You, you, you ...” He cannot even say a sentence. His soul then enters the cycle of reincarnation. Too bad Mu Xu has yet to reach the Dongxu stage. Otherwise he would have been able to merge his soul with his Yuanying.

“Liu Xing is the Xiuxianist!”

Ran Lan, whose one hand has been broken, shouts shrilly. At the moment his eyes are filled hostility and hatred because one of his hands has been crushed. Even its bones have been shattered completely so it will never recover unless he can overcome the 9-From-9th Heaven Tribulation and ascend to a higher world.

Bai Yin has been ready to strike an all-out blow for a long time. Originally he wanted to sneakily give the black eagle a killing blow but now, facing the black eagle’s assault, he can only attack openly. The black eagle’s sharp claws and his 2 daggers clash head-on.

Bang!

After the violent collision, the black eagle unexpectedly is not injured in the slightest, but Bai Yin is forced to retreat.

“Kill Liu Xing!”

Bai Yin screams loudly. Zhuang Zhong behind him shouts angrily: “Liu Xing, so you’re the Xiuxianist! Guardian Ran Lan, let’s join forces to kill him. Guardian Bai Yin, hold off that black eagle.”

Bai Yin knows Qin Yu’s power and also knows Ran Lan’s and Zhuang Zhong’s power so he immediately agrees with this suggestion. However, at this moment, a transmitter appears in the hand that Bai Yin has put behind his back. The transmitter disappears almost instantly.

“That Sang Mo fella hates this Xiuxianist the most. Let’s leave it to him.” A faint cold smile appears on Bai Yin’s face. Because Bai Yin is very fast and is hiding this hand behind his back, Qin Yu and the black eagle do not notice this, but Zhuang Zhong sees everything.

A light flashes on Bai Yin’s body. In an instant, he turns into a huge silvery lobster that is more than 10 m long and whose shell looks like rock. A terrifying aura is coming out from his body. With a shake of his tail, the silvery lobster arrives at Xiao Hei’s side instantly.

He then thrusts his 2 large claws at Xiao Hei extremely fast.

While Bai Yin attacks Xiao Hei, Zhuang Zhong and Ran Lan charge at Qin Yu simultaneously in just about an instant. The Flaming Sword appears in Qin Yu’s hand at once. He makes a hand sign, wanting to execute the Illusion Spreading Sword Art, but at this moment, 2 scenes that make his eyes pop out of his head take place almost at the same time.

The first scene!

Bang!

A loud noise is heard as Zhuang Zhong unexpectedly smashes his right fist into the head of Ran Lan beside him. The head is immediately shattered like a watermelon, splattering red blood around. Zhuang Zhong then says smilingly to Qin Yu: “Guardian Liu Xing, this is my surrender present for you.”

The second scene!

The 2 claws of the middle Yuanying stage silvery-shelled lobster are very powerful, as well as extremely fast. But, facing the lobster’s attack, Xiao Hei suddenly dodges away with a shake of his wings. The lobster immediately charges at him again.

However –

A piercing cry comes out from Xiao Hei’s mouth. Concurrently with this, Qin Yu can feel clearly that Xiao Hei’s aura suddenly rises.

Seeing the silvery-shelled lobster’s 2 large claws coming at him, Xiao Hei unexpectedly rushes straight at the lobster like a black beam of light. At the same time, his ice-cold black sharp claws suddenly enlarge tenfold in the blink of an eye, becoming a blood-red pair of eagle claws.

Pu! Pu!

The middle Yuanying stage silvery-shelled lobster gets his head crushed directly by Xiao Hei’s claws like tofu and he dies on the spot.

These 2 scenes happen almost simultaneously and they both amaze Qin Yu.

“Xiao Hei, since when have you become so formidable?” He looks at Xiao Hei in disbelief. Just now, those blood-red claws that were ten times larger than normal gave off a terrifyingly strong killing intent and their sharpness was also at a frightening level. They were able to tear apart the defense of a middle Yuanying stage silvery-shelled lobster directly in an instant.

Only when Qin Yu makes a sweep with his holy sense does he discover that Xiao Hei has already reached the early phase of the Yuanying stage.

“I was already at the late Jindan stage 3 years ago. When I returned to the ravine last time, I had already reached the peak of the Jindan stage. And I’ve made a breakthrough recently. Plus, there are many secret techniques that I can learn in my memories. The move I executed just now is a technique I just learned.” Xiao Hei says laughingly.

He possesses hereditary memories and has experienced a forbidden technique so even though he is only at the early Yuanying stage, his actual offense is very terrifying.

End of b5c24.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 25
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C25: Zhuang Zhong’s secret!

Sang Mo, who is going very fast, suddenly stops and immediately takes out a transmitter. Right after he makes a sweep with his holy sense, his expression freezes. But in just a moment, his facial muscles move again while his eyes glitter with ferocity.

“Ha-ha ~~~” Sang Mo bursts out laughing viciously. His laughter sounds mad like the piercing cries of a crow.

Sang Mo then suppresses his laughter. His eyes are filled with killing intent and an extremely excitement: “Liu Xing, just as I expected, you’re the Xiuxianist. Ha-ha, Heaven has helped me. You killed my son and my clan’s members and humiliated me in front of the other guardians. Today I’m going to tell cave master about your betrayal. Humph, if I can’t get your soul destroyed, will I still have the face to continue living?”

While he is smiling menacingly, his red robe suddenly flaps, and he rushes straight back towards the Blood-red Cave like a red light beam.

......

There were only moments from Xiao Hei’s appearance to when Bai Yin was finally killed. During this very short period of time, Bai Yin, Ran Lan and Mu Xu were killed and Zhuang Zhong switched sides by killing Ran Lan. What that has happened is really shocking.

“Big brother, when I reached the Yuanying stage, my power increased several times. Killing a middle Yuanying midget is very easy for me. I’m even pretty certain that I can beat early Dongxu stage experts.” Xiao Hei says proudly while flapping his wings.

Qin Yu is secretly astounded.

“Ha-ha, Xiao Hei, you said early Dongxu experts? Don’t brag please. Do you think you’re a divine beast?” Qin Yu says laughingly.

Xiao Hei however becomes furious and says indignantly: “What do you know? This is my secret. Listen, as my power improves, I experience greater transformations. I suffered so much pain when undergoing that forbidden technique before. Do you think I endured it for nothing?”

Qin Yu is very clear about this in his heart.

According to what Xiao Hei told him previously, Xiao Hei must overcome the 9-From-9th Heaven Tribulation to be able to transform into a human. Generally, only divine beasts have to fulfill such a requirement.

But if Xiao Hei is really a divine beast, why 3 years ago, when he had just reached the late phase of the Jindan stage and had used that forbidden technique, he was slightly weaker than that middle Yuanying stage Cha Po? Qin Yu does not understand this point. He always feels that Xiao Hei is a bit weaker than divine beasts.

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei are talking to each other through their holy senses but Zhuang Zhong remains motionless.

“Xiao Hei, how do you think should we deal with this geezer?” Qin Yu deliberately says aloud and looks at Zhuang Zhong at the same time. Hei Yu also turns around and looks at him. His eyes glitter with a blue light. A strange aura from him presses towards Zhuang Zhong.

Zhuang Zhong talks first: “Guardian Liu Xing, I knew that when you and this senior join forces, even with my help, Bai Yin and his mates would still be no match for you. Since I’m no match for you and I don’t want to die either, please allow me to join your side, guardian Liu Xing. Later, even if you want to overthrow Cha Hong, I’ll definitely support you.”

“Oh?”

Qin Yu looks at Zhuang Zhong but says nothing. Then, with a wave of his sleeve, various streams of stellar energy roll out from him and immediately collect the yuanyings of Ran Lan, Mu Xu and Bai Yin, as well as their storage bracelets and holy weapons.

“These 3 fellas unexpectedly didn’t make their yuanyings explode in the end.” Qin Yu cannot help saying smilingly as he recalls how Xiang Yang self-destructed before.

Had the 3 of them self-destructed, at least Qin Yu would not have obtained their yuanyings.

Zhuang Zhong says: “Guardian Liu Xing, only idiots will make their own yuanyings explode.”

“What kind of stupid idea is that?” Qin Yu counters with a question.

Zhuang Zhong says at once: “After a Xiuyaoist is killed, his soul can still stay in this world for a short time. This period of time is enough for him to self-destruct. But, being able to self-destruct is one thing, whether he dares to self-destruct is another thing.”

“Firstly, when the yuanying begins to self-destruct, the enemies near it will immediately notice the undulation of its energy and move away extremely fast. So, even though they can be hurt by the explosion, they will not die from it. The 2nd reason is the most important. When the yuanying self-explodes, his soul will be blown to pieces!” A faint smile appears on Zhuang Zhong’s face.

“Since self-destruction, firstly, can’t kill the enemies and, secondly, destroys one’s soul, what practitioners would dare to self-destruct? They all know the horror of having their souls destroyed very well. Once the soul is destroyed, a creature will really disappear from this world forever.” Zhuang Zhong’s expression becomes a bit solemn.

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei exchange a look.

What Zhuang Zhong said is really not wrong. Generally, it is really difficult to kill an enemy by detonating the yuanying. After all, it takes a short time to ignite the yuanying so the enemy can move away beforehand. Even if the enemy is seriously injured, he will not be killed. Who would be willing to destroy his own soul without being able to kill the enemy?

“The only good thing about blowing up your own yuanying is that the enemies won’t be able to have it.” Zhuang Zhong says smilingly.

Qin Yu immediately laughs.

In this battle, he has obtained 3 yuanyings at one stroke. These are the energy nuclei of those Xiuyaoists. If he uses them to practice after going back, he will definitely make a great improvement.

“Then why didn’t Bai Yin and the other 2 self-destruct?” Qin Yu says. “If they had self-destructed, I wouldn’t have obtained their yuanyings, right? It looks like they were cowards.”

Zhuang Zhong says disdainfully: “Self-destruct, how could they have dared to? Moreover, Ran Lan and Bai Yin simply didn’t have any chance to self-destruct. My punch shattered Ran Lan’s head and destroyed his soul instantly. Senior Black Eagle also crushed Bai Yin’s head and destroyed his soul. Without the souls, they were unable to self-destruct, even if they had wanted to. As for Mu Xu, he was already dead so his yuanying was basically useless to him. As a selfish fella, he didn’t have the courage to blow up his own soul!”

Zhuang Zhong looks at Qin Yu and says doubtfully: “Guardian Liu Xing, could it be you don’t know that the soul is very weak? If hit once by the energy of the explosion, it will be destroyed immediately.”

Qin Yu is surprised.

He has never researched deep into this area of knowledge, but when he thinks carefully about what Zhuang Zhong said, he knows that it is true. When Qin Yu killed Mu Xu just now, he only destroyed the latter’s heart. The neatest way of killing Mu Xu would have been to shatter his head, thereby destroying his soul.

When killing an enemy, one should destroy the enemy’s soul so that they will never be able to stand up again!

“Not only is the soul alone weak, even the yuanying that has fused with the soul is very weak outside the body. Do you know why some super experts who have lost their physical bodies have to practice as loose immortals? The reason is that even though the yuanying has a lot of energy, its defense is too weak. They simply don’t dare to fight their enemies using their yuanyings.”

Qin Yu understands this.

Not even Dongxu stage experts will fly their soul-fused yuanyings out of their bodies to fight their enemies.

The 1st reason for this is that a yuanying’s defense is not strong enough. And the 2nd is that once a soul-fused yuanying is damaged, the soul will very likely be injured as well, which will be fatal. Therefore, after losing their physical bodies, even super experts will have to practice as loose immortals, that is materializing loose immortal bodies to protect their cores, the yuanyings.

Now Qin Yu even has a faint good impression of Zhuang Zhong.

“Zhuang Zhong, this time I’ve betrayed that cave master. If you’re not dead, what can I do when you tell cave master about this? It’s a bad thing to cut the weeds without digging up the roots. I’ve got no reason to spare you.” He ponders and says.

As Zhuang Zhong hears Qin Yu say so, his expression becomes solemn.

He raises a palm and says seriously: “I, Zhuang Zhong, swear to Heaven that if I ever betray guardian Liu Xing or reveal his secret, I shall be struck to death by lightning and get my soul destroyed and never be reborn.” His voice is resounding and very solemn.

At this moment, both Qin Yu and Xiao Hei have a special feeling, one that only their souls can perceive.

A feeling of an undulation in the fabric of nature!

“Good.” Qin Yu gives a smile.

As a Xiuzhenist, Qin Yu knows very well about oaths. If the taker of an oath does not keep it, he will definitely be punished. Some ignorant mortals in the mortal world can swear casually, but a Xiuzhenist like Qin Yu does not dare to do so.

“But you and my 2nd brother Hei Yu will have to go into hiding for a period of time first. When it’s totally safe, I’ll tell you immediately through your transmitter.” Having come up with a plan, he says to Zhuang Zhong at once.

Zhuang Zhong however says smilingly: “I understand your intention, guardian Liu Xing. This time you want to shift the blame onto me, don’t you?”

Qin Yu laughs. It feels really good to have a smart subordinate, especially when this subordinate is absolutely loyal to him.

“Guardian Liu Xing, I’ve got one thing to tell you. This is a very important thing. If you can’t resolve it, perhaps your plan will be no use.” Zhuang Zhong’s face becomes somewhat serious. Seeing his expression, Qin Yu concentrates his attention on listening to him.

“Guardian Liu Xing, before dying, Bai Yin already sent a message about your rebellion through his transmitter.”

The color of Qin Yu’s face immediately changes.

This is bad!

In an instant, cold sweat exudes from his entire back. Once this message about his rebellion reaches the Blood-red Cave, the cave master Cha Hong will definitely hunt him down. This is an early Dongxu stage expert whose true form is even a blood-red aquatic python, an extremely formidable demonic beast.

It is difficult to tell how powerful Cha Hong really is.

“Don’t worry, guardian Liu Xing.” Zhuang Zhong seems to have a card up his sleeve.

Qin Yu looks at him. Seeing Zhuang Zhong’s confident appearance, he cannot help slightly getting his hopes up. He immediately asks: “Zhuang Zhong, what solution do you have? Can you tell me everything about it?”

Zhuang Zhong says with a nod: “Guardian Liu Xing, all the guardians under the Blood-red Cave have their own calculations. Which of them is absolutely loyal? Even if Bai Yin had sent this message to the other guardians, would they dare to tell someone else about it? Guardian Hou Fei’s power is no joke.”

Hearing this, Qin Yu relaxes.

With Hou Fei beside him, would those guardians dare to oppose him?

“Also, must Bai Yin’s words be the truth?” Zhuang Zhong laughs strangely.

Qin Yu is startled. He then also bursts out laughing.

That’s right! Does the message sent by guardian Bai Yin have to be true? Is it impossible that guardian Bai Yin wanted to frame him? Moreover, all the witnesses at the scene have died and the dead cannot provide evidence. At this point, if Qin Yu still did not know what to do, he would be a real fool.

“Bai Yin said I’m a traitor, but can’t I say that he was a traitor? Plus, I also got an attester.”

After Qin Yu knew about this matter, his plan is changed. Originally Zhuang Zhong was not allowed to go back and had to hide outside for a period of time, but now Zhuang Zhong has to return. This is an excellent attester, mostly because other Xiuyaoists in the Blood-red Cave have always considered him to be honest.

Zhuang Zhong also nods his head.

“But there’s someone you must kill, guardian Liu Xing. It’s Sang Mo. There’s a feud between Sang Mo and you. After getting this message, he’ll surely come up with countless ways to persuade cave master. I know cave master. He’s ambitious and powerful, but very suspicious in nature. Once Sang Mo succeeds, then ...”

Hearing Zhuang Zhong’s words, Qin Yu also understands.

Other Xiuyaoists will not provoke Qin Yu because they are afraid of Hou Fei’s formidable power. After all, even if they report this message, they will not get any benefit. Instead, they will offend Qin Yu. But Sang Mo is different. He will definitely think of various ways to deal with Qin Yu.

“No good. He’s now in the Blood-red Cave. Even if I go back at my fastest speed, it’ll take me more than a half day.” Qin Yu’s face changes color.

Zhuang Zhong says smilingly: “If my guess is correct, Sang Mo’s definitely been tailing us. Now, you only need to message guardian Hou Fei, telling him to check the cave once. If Sang Mo is in the cave, kill him immediately. If he’s not in the cave, guardian Hou Fei must wait outside to stop and kill him.”

Qin Yu however thinks about a problem.

If Sang Mo informed the cave master through his transmitter right after getting the message, that will be terrible.

Zhuang Zhong, seeming to know what Qin Yu is thinking, says: “Don’t worry, guardian. Cave master definitely hasn’t been told about it. He has often undergone closed-door training for the last 100 years. More importantly, he hates being disturbed during a training session the most and doesn’t even carry a transmitter when training. Almost every guardian knows this.”

Qin Yu gives a smile.

He and Hou Fei have just joined the Blood-red Cave so they are not aware of this matter.

“Fei Fei, quickly check the Blood-red Cave once. If you see Sang Mo in the cave, kill him immediately. If he’s not inside, wait at the entrance to stop and kill him. You mustn’t let him meet cave master no matter what.”

Qin Yu sends this message through his transmitter to Hou Fei.

Hou Fei, who is extremely bold, is the most suitable to handle a task like this. After sending the message, Qin Yu feels very relaxed.

“Guardian Liu Xing, I still have a secret to tell you.” It seems Zhuang Zhong wants to tell Qin Yu everything to show his loyalty. In fact Zhuang Zhong also knows that if he kept some secret, it would be very bad for him if Qin Yu discovered this one day.

He has seen clearly that Qin Yu is helped by 2 super experts, Hei Yu and Hou Fei, who, in his estimation, are at least comparable to ordinary late Yuanying stage experts in power, or maybe even stronger. To surrender to and become dependent on someone with such strong support is no problem to him.

A faint smile appears on Qin Yu’s face: “Oh, what secret?”

At this moment, Qin Yu is very pleased with him.

Zhuang Zhong says solemnly: “Not even a practitioner more diligent than Cha Hong would undergo closed-door training for almost 100 years in a row. Moreover, according to my investigation, Cha Hong wasn’t this hard-working earlier than 100 years ago. Also, more than 100 years ago, the Blood-red Cave got more than 20 guardians, but some incident happened and the number of guardians was suddenly reduced by half.”

“This coupled with the fact that Cha Hong has often undergone closed-door training for the last 100 years makes me think that his closed-door training is related to this incident in which those guardians disappeared all at once.” Zhuang Zhong’s eyes glitter.

End of b5c25.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 26
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C26: Hou Fei’s fury

In the Blood-red Cave,

“My lord, I’ll massage your shoulders for you.” A lovely gentle lady-in-waiting beside Hou Fei says then massages his shoulders. Another lady-in-waiting carries a tray of fruits to his face and even helps him peel those fruits.

Hou Fei blinks his fiery eyes a couple of times. His entire body seems to turn into stone. But in just a moment, he shouts angrily.

“Go away, go away!”

He glares at the 2 ladies-in-waiting then, seemingly very furious, shoves them away. Staring at them, he breathes heavily through his nose: “Damn it, these women really are great scourges.”

At the moment, the places caressed by them on his body are still having goose bumps.

“That Cha Po fella really doesn’t know anything. Why did he send some women to my place?” He says in annoyance. Suddenly he utters a sound of surprise. “Who sends me a message at this time?” With a turn of his hand, a transmitter appears in it.

After Qin Yu and Hou Fei became the Blood-red Cave’s guardians, they were given a transmitter each.

“Sang Mo?” Hou Fei’s blood-red tongue licks his lips once. As his eyes blaze with fierceness, he says with a strange laughter: “Big brother has finally got his ideas straightened out. Kaka, that Sang Mo fella has already got on my nerves for some time.”

Right after saying, Hou Fei expands his holy sense and begins to search carefully.

This Blood-red Cave occupies a large area but his holy sense can still cover it completely. To search directly this way shows that Hou Fei is very arrogant. In the Blood-red Cave, only 2 Xiuyaoists have holy senses superior to Hou Fei’s, the 1st being Teng Bi and the 2nd being Cha Hong.

At this moment, Teng Bi, who is sitting with legs crossed in his room, opens his eyes and says to himself: “What is Hou Fei searching with his holy sense?” After thinking for a while, he laughs. He does not care about other Xiuyaoists’ business and is only interested in a fight with Hou Fei.

And Cha Hong, who is trying hard to open the seal of his black jade case, is simply in no mood to think about what Hou Fei wants to do.

“He’s not in here!”

Hou Fei lets out a heavy breath through his nose. His eyes glitter with ferocity. “You’re lucky that you can’t die for the moment, brat. But since I’ve already got into action, you have no chance of surviving.” He gives a couple of strange laughs then turns into a blur and rushes out of his courtyard house directly.

The 2 ladies-in-waiting who were shoved away by Hou Fei are complaining about this cruel monkey’s inability to understand flirtatious expressions. They suddenly hear something whistle out of the courtyard house.

“Yan’er, did our lord just go out?” An oval-faced lady-in-waiting blinks her big eyes and says.

The other oval-faced lady-in-waiting nods her head. Both of them are extremely astonished by Hou Fei’s speed because, after all, they are Jindan stage Xiuyaoists, but they were unable to see Hou Fei clearly. This goes to show how fast Hou Fei is.

......

Hou Fei’s body quickly appears outside the main entrance of the Blood-red Cave.

“Sir!”

Seeing Hou Fei, one of the guards at the Blood-red Cave’s entrance hurriedly says with respect: “May I ask if there is something that you want to do? Can we help you in anything?” These guards all know that this newly-arrived monkey-shaped guardian is very formidable.

Hou Fei glances at the guards on his 2 sides then says with a kaka laugh: “I’ve got nothing to do. I’m just here to wait for someone. Right, when did guardian Sang Mo go out?”

One of the guards hurriedly says: “Sir, guardian Sang Mo went out more than a half day ago.”

When Hou Fei hears this, a transmitter immediately appears in his hand. He sends this information to Qin Yu then puts the transmitter away and leans on the outside of the cave’s entrance. With his fiery eyes staring outwards, he waits for Sang Mo’s return.

......

“Big brother, that lowlife Sang Mo isn’t in the cave. He already went out more than a half day ago. But don’t worry, big brother. I’m waiting at the entrance of the cave. As soon as I see him, I’m going to reduce him to mince, kaka ~~” After getting this message, Qin Yu looks at Zhuang Zhong in appreciation.

Zhuang Zhong’s prediction is very precise.

“According to this message, Sang Mo went out more than a half day ago. Looks like he’s really been tailing us.” Qin Yu says smilingly.

Zhuang Zhong’s eyes brighten. He says hurriedly: “Guardian Liu Xing, in terms of speed, who is the faster between you and Sang Mo?”

Speed?

3 years ago, even when Sang Mo was using his true form, he was unable to catch up with Qin Yu. Now, after 3 years, Qin Yu has become much faster than Sang Mo.

“Even if Sang Mo uses his true form, he’ll still be slower than me.” Qin Yu says with a smile.

Zhuang Zhong hurriedly says: “Since Sang Mo has been following us for so long, he shouldn’t be very far from us at the moment. If we chase him now, we’ll still have a chance of catching up with him. If we can kill him before he reaches the Blood-red Cave, that problem will be resolved even better.”

Hei Yu says via his holy sense: “Big brother, your speed is slower than mine. I’m going to go.”

After saying, Hei Yu gets ready to give chase.

“Xiao Hei, you’re being hunted. When going forwards, you can’t enter the Blood-red Ridge’s territory. How about this? You can chase him, but if by the time you reach the halfway point you haven’t caught him then you’ll have to give up immediately and stop chasing.” Qin Yu says with a serious expression.

Hei Yu nods his head.

He certainly knows that Qin Yu wants him to be safe. Now is still not the time for them to face Cha Hong directly.

“Ok, big brother. I’ll give up at the halfway point regardless of whether I’ve caught up with him or not. Afterwards I’ll leave immediately. When you’ve handled this matter in the Blood-red Cave, send me a message. We brothers also need a territory of our own in the underwater Xiuyao world. I think the Blood-red Cave is not bad.” Hei Yu’s eyes glitter with coldness.

Qin Yu gives a smile.

A territory?

If not for the Blood-red Cave’s territory, why would he pretend to be loyal to Cha Hong? After all, with Hou Fei and Xiao Hei around, it will be hard for Cha Hong to deal with him, but if he wants to seize control of the Blood-red Cave openly, there will be some difficulties.

Firstly, the cave has 5000 guards. Even though their individual power is average, they are too many in number. Moreover, Qin Yu suspects that they can attack together through formations. Since there are too many of them, their joint attacks will be terrifying.

Secondly, those guardians are not easy to deal with. If they faced the Blood-red Cave head-on, this would lead the guardians to fight them.

Therefore, dealing with the Blood-red Cave from the inside is relatively easier.

“Don’t worry. Zhuang Zhong, you’re slow so stay at the back, Xiao Hei and I will go ahead of you.” Qin Yu says directly.

Hei Yu utters a sharp cry. Various blood-red electric sparks begins to spread out all over his wings. With a shake of the wings, he leaves Qin Yu very far behind in an instant like a red beam of light. Qin Yu controls his flying sword and uses the Body-Weapon Unification technique to chase after him extremely fast.

......

Sang Mo is going through the water very quickly.

“Really can’t wait to see that Liu Xing fella run for his life and get hunted. This time he definitely won’t escape, ha-ha ~~~” A sharp evil laughter comes out from Sang Mo’s throat. He immediately transforms into a huge octopus.

Now that Sang Mo has switched to his true form, his speed increases a lot in an instant.

When Sang Mo started to tail the 5 guardians, there was already a long distance between him and them. He then returned right after receiving Bai Yin’s message whereas Qin Yu and the others spent some time talking to each other after Bai Yin’s death.

This means that Sang Mo already began to rush back to the Blood-red Cave long before Xiao Hei and Qin Yu give chase.

Sang Mo went leisurely during the outward journey, but when returning, he uses his true form to go extremely fast. There is a great difference between the 2 speeds therefore it also takes much less time for him to return.

......

A red beam of light is piercing through the water. Wherever it goes, the water around it becomes turbulent. Suddenly this red light beam stops.

“I unexpectedly can’t catch up with him.” Hei Yu looks ahead then decides to stop. In fact, he does not want to make Qin Yu worried so he only chases to the halfway point. Given his speed, if he continued to chase, he would definitely be able to catch up with Sang Mo.

However, because Hei Yu is being hunted by the Blood-red Cave, it is better for him to stay away from the cave.

“Given the power of that Fei Fei fella, Sang Mo won’t be able to survive 1 hit. It’s useless for me to keep chasing. We better let Fei Fei handle this.” After sending Qin Yu a message, Hei Yu rushes in another direction.

In his opinion, Sang Mo is definitely going to die at the hands of Hou Fei.

After a while, Qin Yu arrives at the place where Hei Yu just left.

“Where did Sang Mo begin to go back from? He also started some time earlier than me.” Qin Yu does not stop. He heads straight for the Blood-red Cave at his fastest speed. He just wants to try his best. It will not be a big problem even if he cannot catch up with Sang Mo.

......

Hu!

A huge octopus rushes into the Blood-red Ridge like a huge red light beam. Feeling its powerful aura, various Xiuyaoists in the Blood-red Ridge shun it. Sang Mo has already reached the Blood-red Ridge.

Before long, his blood-red eyes see the Blood-red Cave in the distance.

At this moment, Hou Fei, who is leaning on the main entrance of the Blood-red Cave, suddenly opens his fiery eyes. A dazzling beam of light shoots straight at Sang Mo from his eyes. At the same time, he flies up.

“Kaka ~~ Sang Mo, you villain!”

For some reason, fire begins to come out from Hou Fei’s eyes and the hair on his whole body stands straight up. It looks like he is extremely angry. The black stick in his hands is emitting a murderous aura.

Sang Mo, who has put a lot of effort into rushing back, is so scared that his entire body trembles as soon as he hears Hou Fei’s shouts. He has heard about Hou Fei’s power and knows that even Cha Po and several guardians were completely defeated by Hou Fei in an instant when joining forces.

“Hou Fei, what do you want to do?” Sang Mo transforms into a human and shouts at Hou Fei from a distance.

At the same time, a transmitter quickly appears in a hand put behind his back. The transmitter disappears immediately. There is a faint smile on the corners of his mouth. He knows that he cannot face Hou Fei head-on and must be compliant in this situation.

“Do you have to ask what I want to do? Do you still have the face to ask what I want to do?” Hou Fei’s entire body shivers with anger. His violent aura wreaks havoc in his surroundings.

Seeing 2 guardians confronting each other, those guards at the entrance of the Blood-red Cave certainly do not dare to interfere.

“Why is guardian Hou Fei so angry?”

“There’s no need to ask. Guardian Sang Mo must’ve offended him. You know, guardian Sang Mo is very unpopular. Of the 13 guardians, only he and guardian Teng Bi don’t have an ally. Guardian Teng Bi is very powerful so he disdains to have an ally. But in guardian Sang Mo’s case, it’s because he’s too unpleasant!”

“You’re right. The other guardians fear cave master’s might so they don’t dare to do anything to Sang Mo, but guardian Hou Fei seems to be very hot-tempered. Looks like this time Sang Mo has bumped into an iron panel.”

......

Those guards begin to discuss with each other. They know well about every guardian and what they say is true. Among the 13 guardians, only Teng Bi and Sang Mo are alone. Teng Bi is strong and bold, but the reason Sang Mo is alone is that he is a bit too strange and malevolent, and unpopular.

Sang Mo is baffled by Hou Fei’s questions.

“When did I offend him?” He cannot understand. Seeing that Hou Fei is so furious that all of his hair is standing on end, even Sang Mo himself thinks that he somehow offended Hou Fei. But even though he racks his brains, he cannot remember offending Hou Fei.

“Could this be because of Liu Xing? No, it couldn’t. In the main hall, didn’t I only force guardian Liu Xing to go kill the black eagle? That shouldn’t be enough to make guardian Hou Fei this furious.”

Sang Mo cannot think of a reason.

Hou Fei, who is mad with extreme anger, turns his face upwards and roars then shouts: “Sang Mo, listen up, you lowlife. From now on, either you or I will have to disappear. Take this!” Hou Fei waves his black stick once then rushes at Sang Mo like a beam of light and smashes into him like a meteor.

When Sang Mo hears the words ‘take this’, his whole body shakes. Only now does he know that Hou Fei wants to kill him!

Hou Fei wants to kill him!

Someone for whom he is simply no match wants to kill him!

“Yowl ~~~”

Facing death, Sang Mo immediately turns into a huge red octopus. At the same time, he utters an extremely furious and terrified yowl that resounds through an area of several hundred li in radius around him, attracting the attention of a great number of Xiuyaoists.

The black stick quickly lengthens. From a common-looking stick, it becomes one that is over 10 m long.

Boom!

At this crucial moment, his fear of death enables Sang Mo to surpass his limits. With a shake of his 8 tentacles, he moves away extremely fast. However, even though he has surpassed his limits, he is still far inferior to a middle Yuanying stage divine beast!

Boom!

As if he is hit by an explosion, his blood splatters around and fragments of his severed tentacles are sent flying in all directions. The area within several hundred meters of him is dyed red by his blood.

Hou Fei is secretly surprised.

Just now, that blow of the stick unexpectedly failed to kill Sang Mo. Facing death, Sang Mo was able to surpass his limits and move much faster than he should have been able to. Even though 3 of his tentacles were smashed off by Hou Fei with that strike, his head avoided getting hit.

It should be known that Hou Fei was aiming for Sang Mo’s head.

“Sang Mo, you’ve even dared to run away! You even want to run away! Take this!!!” Hou Fei looks even more furious. With a roar, he brandishes the black stick and attacks again. It is smashed towards Sang Mo extremely fast like a huge pillar.

“Stop!” Cha Po rushes out of the cave and shouts loudly.

As Hou Fei hears Cha Po’s shout, a faint smile that is cold and cruel appears on the corners of his mouth. His black stick unexpectedly speeds up. Now it is really too fast, so fast that the water where it goes through cannot even react. The water near the stick is simply not disturbed, as if time has frozen.

“What?!”

Because the huge black stick appears almost instantly at Sang Mo’s face as if teleported, his eyes pop out of his head.

Boom!

The originally undisturbed water suddenly explodes. Concurrently with this, the body of the huge octopus also explodes. It is shattered into countless fragments, which scatter all around. Within a several km radius of the explosion, the water is reddened by blood.

With a shake of his body, Hou Fei returns to the area outside the Blood-red Cave’s entrance.

“Hou Fei, why didn’t you stop?” Cha Po shouts furiously. At the moment, his hand is still holding a transmitter, which contains the message Sang Mo sent him moments ago.

End of b5c26.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 27
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C27: Cha Hong and Hou Fei

At the moment, the several thousand guards around the Blood-red Cave are watching. According to the Nine Demons Hall’s rules, Xiuyaoists from the same powerhouse are not allowed to kill each other. The Blood-red Cave is Cha Hong’s headquarters, but a guardian has killed another right outside the entrance of the cave. This is an extraordinary incident.

Cha Po is extremely angry because he did not expect Hou Fei to be so bold as to kill Sang Mo.

“Say! Why didn’t you stop after hearing my order?!” He shouts again.

Hou Fei simply pays no attention to him and stares inside the cave. Suddenly he strokes his nose and licks his lips with his blood-red tongue once then tilts his head, looking at Cha Po with his piercing blazing fiery eyes!

“Can you say it again?”

Hou Fei focuses his eyes on Cha Po and says slowly.

Cha Po is unexpectedly startled and becomes speechless. Hou Fei, however, keeps staring at him and presses him with a tremendous aura. In just a moment, beads of sweat begin to stand out on his forehead and his back is also moistened by sweat. Only now does Cha Po wake up with a start.

“Ah, who am I talking to? Because of a Five Nights Purple Flower, didn’t this monkey still fight me even after knowing that I’m the Blood-red Cave’s vice master?” Cha Po recalls how he made friends with Hou Fei before.

Now he feels somewhat regretful because only his big brother can deal with this monkey. Cha Po himself is really no match for Hou Fei.

“Listen up, I don’t care about any rules, if someone provokes me, don’t blame me for being ruthless. Humph, even if that’s a guardian, my stick won’t show any mercy. Remember, I won’t touch anyone who doesn’t offend me. But those who do should get ready to be turned into minced meat by my stick!”

Hou Fei says with a cold laugh while staring at Cha Po then unexpectedly stands at the center of the Blood-red Cave’s entrance.

Hearing Hou Fei’s words and seeing fragments of the octopus’s exploded body floating in the water in all directions, Cha Po secretly draws a cold breath. Now he knows even more clearly that this monkey fears nothing.

“Guardian Hou Fei, as the cave’s vice master, I want to ask you why you killed Sang Mo?” At the moment his voice has become milder.

Hou Fei laughs kaka strangely then turns around and looks at Cha Po with his fiery eyes, saying: “You asked why I killed him? But I don’t feel like answering.” Hou Fei is behaving in a very arrogant and wild manner, which greatly amazes the guards around.

Cha Po’s expression starts to become unpleasant.

Hou Fei is showing a complete lack of respect for him.

All of a sudden, Hou Fei says laughingly and playfully: “Vice master Cha Po, actually, do you still have to ask about this matter? The answer is very simple -- he angered me. Do you understand? He pissed me off. If he hadn’t offended me, why would I have killed him?”

Cha Po frowns. What kind of answering is this? It is the same as saying nothing.

Immediately, Cha Po wants to open his mouth to continue questioning on how Sang Mo offended Hou Fei.

Seeing that Cha Po is about to ask again, Hou Fei immediately uses holy sense communication: “Brat, this is a public place. I’ve already let you save face so we should be friendly to each other. Otherwise, you’ll provoke me and lose face. That won’t be very good.”

Hearing this, Cha Po swallows back what he is about to say.

At this moment --

“Fei Fei!”

A familiar voice rises and a black blur shoots towards them extremely fast. Only when it stops can everyone see clearly that it is Qin Yu on his black flying sword. But as soon as they see Qin Yu’s current appearance, they are all astonished.

At the moment, there is a frightening wound on his stomach. The wound is very shocking. His face has gone miserably pale and his lips have turned purple.

“Big brother, are you ok?” Hou Fei’s entire body becomes agitated. All of his hair stands straight up.

Even Cha Po takes a cold breath when seeing Qin Yu’s injury. After all, he is a middle Yuanying stage expert so he can conclude at a glance that Qin Yu’s injury must have been caused directly by someone’s sharp weapon when it penetrated into his stomach.

Qin Yu is truly lucky to be able to return alive after suffering such a serious wound.

“Big brother, who injured you?” Hou Fei has become anxious. He immediately holds and supports Qin Yu. It is really fortunate that Qin Yu has been able to get back here on his flying sword. Hou Fei’s eyes glitter with fierceness: “Big brother, who is it? I’m going to destroy whoever injured you!”

A raging aura erupts from his whole body.

“Forget it, Fei Fei.” Qin Yu says with a faint smile with great effort.

“Who’s the attacker, guardian Liu Xing? Just tell me everything. Our Blood-red Cave definitely won’t let those who dare to provoke any guardians go unpunished.” Now Cha Po has also come forwards, but he is thinking about Sang Mo’s message in his mind.

Qin Yu says while trying to endure the pain: “Vice master, this time we went out to hunt that black eagle down according to cave master’s order. But who could’ve thought that guardian Bai Yin and guardian Ran Lan would collaborate with the black eagle and attack us instead? In the beginning, guardian Mu Xu was struck by guardian Bai Yin with a sneak blow and died tragically on the spot.”

Hearing Qin Yu’s words, Cha Po frowns.

“You mean that you and guardian Zhuang Zhong were able to defeat Bai Yin, Ran Lan and the black eagle?” He questions.

Qin Yu says with a shake of his head: “Luckily guardian Zhuang Zhong is sharp and alert. When guardian Mu Xu was killed, he immediately attacked Ran Lan while I attacked Bai Yin. Fortunately, when I left my master, I was given a precious Thunder Talisman to use when my life is in danger. And I immediately killed guardian Bai Yin with it. This wound was inflicted on me by the black eagle. But I have my special skills too so it was also injured. Perhaps because it didn’t want to go all out against me, it snatched guardian Bai Yin’s and guardian Mu Xu’s yuanyings and ran away. Guardian Zhuang Zhong was able to get guardian Ran Lan’s yuanying. I’m faster than him so I returned first to tell cave master about this.”

As he finishes saying, a lustrous purple yuanying appears in the palm of his hand.

“Please take this yuanying, vice master. Now I have to go treat my injury quickly.” Qin Yu’s face becomes even a bit paler.

After hearing what Qin Yu said, Cha Po looks at the yuanying before him and thinks about Sang Mo’s message. He then looks at Qin Yu’s wound again. For the moment, his mind is somewhat confused.

“Stop saying, big brother. Quickly go back and treat the wound.”

Without letting Qin Yu say anymore, Hou Fei immediately rushes him to his house. But he puts Ran Lan’s yuanying in front of Cha Po instead of taking it with him.

Cha Po clenches his teeth and immediately gets the yuanying. He then goes into the cave immediately as well. After a while, guardian Zhuang Zhong returns with some minor injuries and goes straight back to his dwelling place in the Blood-red Cave.

......

Outside the secret room wherein Cha Hong is doing closed-door training,

Cha Po, who is standing with a very urgent expression, calls loudly: “Big brother, quickly come out. Something serious has happened. Quickly come out!” His worries have become too much for him to bear. As soon as he thinks about what has happened, his mind becomes nervous.

In just a while, the door of the secret room opens.

“Why so urgent? These days I can’t even do closed-door training in peace. Quickly say it. What’s happened? Now I don’t have time to waste on you.” Cha Hong shouts coldly.

He has now entered the final stage of removing that seal.

Cha Po says angrily: “Have no time to waste? Big brother, do you know a serious incident has happened? Guardian Bai Yin is already dead, and so are Mu Xu and Ran Lan. Besides these 3 guardians, even guardian Sang Mo has been killed.”

Cha Hong’s face freezes.

After his expression changes several times, he calms down and says indifferently: “Tell me everything about this incident.”

Seeing his big brother so calm, Cha Po is also affected and calms down a bit. He immediately says: “This incident is pretty confusing. I’m going to tell you the main details. According to guardian Liu Xing, among the 3 guardians who died first, Bai Yin and Ran Lan were in league with that black eagle. They wanted to kill the 3 guardians Liu Xing, Zhuang Zhong and Mu Xu. Guardian Liu Xing then killed Bai Yin with the Thunder Talisman his master had given him. Also, he went all out against the black eagle and scared it away.”

“Liu Xing’s master? Thunder Talisman?” Cha Hong frowns deeply.

When he first saw Qin Yu’s special practice technique before, he asked about Qin Yu’s school, but Qin Yu did not reveal it.

“However, guardian Sang Mo messaged me, saying that guardian Liu Xing is ... is the Xiuxianist!” Cha Po pauses for a moment then continues: “Immediately afterwards, guardian Hou Fei got mad for some reason and killed guardian Sang Mo!”

Cha Po looks at his big brother, waiting for his response.

Cha Hong slightly narrows his eyes, which glitter with coldness.

“You can continue.” Cha Hong calms down again.

Cha Po says: “But when guardian Liu Xing returned just now, he was wounded, and even very seriously. Something had penetrated into his body through his stomach. If that attack had been a little more powerful, perhaps guardian Liu Xing would’ve died on the spot. Even though guardian Liu Xing is still living, it will take him about a year to recover.”

“Big brother ... at first I suspected that guardian Liu Xing had injured himself but that injury was too frightening. Just a bit careless and he would’ve killed himself. I don’t think anyone can harm themselves like that. Plus, he even handed Ran Lan’s yuanying over to me. But about the message guardian Sang Mo sent before his death ...”

Cha Po says while frowning.

Cha Hong stares at Cha Po and shouts: “2nd brother, listen up, the information about this incident must be contained. You must keep your mouth shut. At the same time, you also don’t have to care about it. Just leave everything to me and immediately go tell the guardians to gather in the main hall.”

“Yes!” Cha Po nods then turns around and leaves at once.

Cha Hong however mumbles to himself: “Master? Thunder Talisman? Who knows if they are real? That guardian Liu Xing is almost certainly the Xiuxianist. A Xiuxianist naturally doesn’t want a yuanying. Oh my, time, now I need time the most. If this incident happened 1 year later, I would be able to response with drastic actions.”

......

All of the remaining 11 guardians have gathered in the main hall. The incident that happened this time is very serious because it involves the deaths of 4 guardians consisting of Bai Yin, Ran Lan, Mu Xu and Sang Mo. Moreover, guardian Sang Mo was killed openly by Hou Fei just outside the Blood-red Cave.

The 3 black turtle brothers, the 2 tiger shark brothers, the 2 snake women, the horned dragon Teng Bi, Zhuang Zhong, Qin Yu and Hou Fei, 11 guardians in total, are standing on the lower part of the hall. Cha Po has also arrived. Everyone is waiting for Cha Hong, the Blood-red Cave’s master.

In a short while, Cha Hong walks up to the throne, flings his robe and sits down directly.

He then casts a glance at the guardians below him and says solemnly: “Gentlemen, this time, a disaster of an order of magnitude not seen for 100 years has happened to our Blood-red Cave. Guardian Bai Yin and 3 others have unexpectedly all died. And guardian Sang Mo has even been killed by guardian Hou Fei at the Blood-red Cave’s entrance.”

“Hou Fei!” Cha Hong suddenly shouts.

Hou Fei takes a forward step, raises his head and looks at Cha Hong with a faint strange smile on the corners of his mouth.

“The Blood-red Cave and the 7 other powers of its caliber have always followed the rule made by the Nine Demons Hall that Xiuyaoists of the same powerhouse are not allowed to kill each other. But you, as a guardian of my Blood-red Cave, have unexpectedly killed Sang Mo openly in front of a great number of Xiuyaoists. Didn’t you think about the Blood-red Cave? Didn’t you think about the Nine Demons Hall? Didn’t you think about me?” Cha Hong shouts furiously.

An enraged Cha Hong makes his terrifying aura surge forth.

As if the end of the world has come, a shockingly powerful aura covers the whole main hall in the blink of an eye. It presses on Hou Fei, restraining him. As Cha Hong has not got into action for many years, a lot of people have questioned his power.

However, now, judging from the eruption of his aura alone, the guardians below him no longer have any doubts.

Hou Fei licks his lips with his blood-red tongue once then unexpectedly raises his head even higher and looks at Cha Hong angrily. His eyes are blazing with fighting spirit. He has never had a chance to fight a super expert like Cha Hong.

“Fei Fei, are you certain of beating him?” Qin Yu asks via his holy sense.

Still glaring at Cha Hong, Hou Fei says through his holy sense: “Without using berserk mode, I don’t think I stand a chance. But if I go berserk, I’ll have a 50-50 chance. This Cha Hong fella is very strong, exceptionally strong, but ... I like that!”

His eyes start to become even more blazing and his fighting spirit even more rampant!

End of b5c27.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 28
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C28: Cha Po’s death

At the moment, the atmosphere inside the main hall is very oppressive. Hou Fei and Cha Hong are confronting each other. It seems they can fight anytime now.

Cha Hong is secretly surprised: “This monkey is unexpectedly so strong. He should be a match for ordinary Dongxu stage experts, but if he really fights me, he’ll stand no chance.” He is very confident.

“Cave master, I came here to be a guardian, and not to be insulted. That Sang Mo fella dug his own grave by offending me. If he hadn’t offended me, why would I have killed him?”

Hou Fei’s voice resounds through the hall.

“Oh, he offended you?” Cha Hong ponders for a while. “Guardian Hou Fei, well, this rule is indeed somewhat problematic. If he threatened or offended you, it’ll be unfair if instead of punishing him you have to suppress your anger due to this rule.”

Right after these words are said, the atmosphere in the hall is no longer as tense as it was a moment ago.

Hearing Cha Hong say so, Qin Yu secretly relaxes a bit.

“All right, for the moment, this matter is put on hold. I’ll examine it carefully later.” Cha Hong then turns to Qin Yu, saying: “Guardian Liu Xing, the 3 guardians Bai Yin, Ran Lan and Mu Xu are already dead, but you unexpectedly said that Bai Yin and Ran Lan had collaborated with the black eagle?”

“That’s indeed what happened, cave master.”

Qin Yu’s face looks pale, but he still says with a cough.

As soon as Cha Hong scans Qin Yu’s wound with his holy sense, he is secretly astonished. After being told by Cha Po, he already thought that Qin Yu’s injury was very serious, but he never thought that it would be this serious. He even wonders how Qin Yu can still stand with such a severe wound.

Qin Yu, however, feels frustrated inwardly.

“Meteoric Tear, your healing ability is too strong. After I rested in my house for just a short time, the wound had already almost healed so I had no choice but to injure myself again.” Qin Yu’s wound of course was caused by himself.

His wound was indeed shockingly serious.

However, because the Meteoric Tear’s healing ability is too strong, after he rested in his courtyard house for some time, more than half of the wound had already healed. Therefore, he had to tear it open again.

“Your injury is indeed very serious, guardian Liu Xing. It’s not that I don’t believe you, but guardian Bai Yin has served the Blood-red Cave for many years and he’s never shown any disloyalty before. This time ... I really can’t believe it.” Cha Hong says in a seemingly sincere manner: “How about this? Can you describe the fighting process again, guardian Liu Xing?”

Qin Yu slightly gasps for breath and says: “Cave master, I and 4 other guardians went out to hunt for that black eagle together. When we ran into it, we began to attack it according to our plan, but Bai Yin suddenly sneakily attacked guardian Mu Xu.”

When the other Xiuyaoists in the hall hear this, their hearts cannot help but skip a beat.

Middle Yuanying stage Bai Yin sneakily attacking a completely defenseless Mu Xu, the result of this is easy to imagine.

“Guardian Mu Xu died instantly. Guardian Zhuang Zhong was on high alert so when seeing this scene he noticed that Ran Lan was also attacking him. Guardian Zhuang Zhong then fought guardian Ran Lan and in the end killed him. Meanwhile, I attacked guardian Bai Yin. Using the Thunder Talisman that my master had bestowed on me, I killed Bai Yin immediately.”

Qin Yu has told a lie without batting an eyelid.

The Thunder Talisman is no ordinary talisman. Talismans and seals are also divided into classes. Generally, only expert talisman or seal makers who have reached extremely high levels in power can create this Thunder Talisman.

“Thunder Talisman!”

Teng Bi, who has been keeping his eyes shut on one side, suddenly opens his eyes, looking completely astonished.

Qin Yu, however, secretly laughs. He does not have any Thunder Talismans and has only read about how to make this kind of talisman and its power in some Xiuzhen books. This formidable kind of talisman is extremely difficult to make and its materials are also extremely difficult to obtain.

“Guardian Liu Xing, your master is really powerful.” Cha Hong praises then says: “Most probably afterwards you fought the black eagle and scared it off despite getting seriously injured.”

Qin Yu nods his head.

From beginning to end, guardian Zhuang Zhong does not say anything, but his expression looks somewhat unpleasant.

The remaining guardians have always thought that Zhuang Zhong is a very nice fellow. He has treated every one of them very well and therefore is extremely popular.

“Guardian Zhuang Zhong, was the course of events the same as what guardian Liu Xing said?” Cha Hong looks at Zhuang Zhong and asks. Qin Yu and the others also look at him. It is impossible to confirm based on Qin Yu’s account alone. Zhuang Zhong’s account is also very important.

Zhuang Zhong lets out a sigh: “Alas, cave master, my heart is in a lot of pain.”

Everyone present begins to guess what is going to happen if Zhuang Zhong refutes Qin Yu’s words.

“Everybody knows that there’s a very good relationship between Bai Yin, Ran Lan, Mu Xu and me.” His answer is beside the point. The other guardians all nod their heads. They all know about Bai Yin’s gang of four. Zhuang Zhong continues: “Bai Yin was a bit of a hypocrite but he treated us pretty well. Ran Lan was bitter and cruel but he was also fairly loyal.”

The other guardians, however, secretly curse.

Loyal?

Who does not know about Ran Lan’s cunningness and ruthlessness? Bai Yin was even more adept at toadying and was extremely hypocritical. Therefore, after Qin Yu said that they were in league with the black eagle, some of the guardians in the hall believed him at once.

“But, I never thought that the 2 of them would collaborate with the black eagle to kill me, Mu Xu and guardian Liu Xing. I think they wanted our yuanyings and jindan and guardian Liu Xing’s high-grade holy weapon.”

Zhuang Zhong sighs: “Who could have thought that they were so greedy. From beginning to end, they didn’t tell me anything.”

The 3 black turtle brothers, the 2 snake women and the others all secretly sneer.

Tell an honest fellow like you?

At the same time, they look at Qin Yu in amazement. They never thought that he has a high-grade holy weapon. Even though he used the black flying sword to fight Sang Mo before, it is very difficult to evaluate flying swords based on appearance alone.

Cha Hong also says with a sigh: “Don’t be upset, guardian Zhuang Zhong. They are unworthy of your grief.”

“Alright, now the matter has practically been cleared up. Bai Yin and Ran Lan coveted the other guardians’ yuanyings, jindan and holy weapon so they collaborated with the black eagle, thinking that nobody would know about this. Not even death can expiate their crime. Cha Po, give guardian Liu Xing Ran Lan’s yuanying. Guardian Liu Xing has been seriously injured. After refining this yuanying, he will probably improve a bit in power. This is the compensation for his injury.”

Hearing Cha Hong say so, Cha Po reaches out a hand. Ran Lan’s yuanying appears on his hand.

The other guardians, however, pay no attention to it.

Not many Xiuyaoists absorb yuanyings because, firstly, other yuanyings’ energies are different from their own energies. Absorbing others’ energies will defile the energies inside their bodies, which will be harmful to them in the future.

Moreover, a practitioner who refines and absorbs a yuanying in the right way can only obtain 10% of its energy.

Most of the other guardians are at the early Yuanying stage so they do not really care about absorbing the yuanying of someone of this power level. Even if they only absorbed its essence, their power would improve by just 10% at most.

“Guardian Liu Xing, take it. This is a gesture of goodwill from my big brother.” Cha Po hands over the yuanying but his mind is suspicious of Qin Yu: “Humph, let me see if you’ll dare to refine and absorb this yuanying. They say Xiuxianists can’t absorb yuanyings. In just a while, everything will become clear because of this yuanying.”

“Thank you, cave master!”

Qin Yu immediately receives Ran Lan’s yuanying.

......

In the secret room of the Blood-red Cave, there are only Cha Hong and Cha Po at the moment.

“Big brother, why didn’t you tell that guardian Liu Xing to refine the yuanying in the main hall so that we could see with our own eyes? Humph, if he didn’t dare to refine it, or if his energy misbehaved badly after the absorption, that would mean he’s the Xiuxianist!”

Cha Po has always been suspicious of Qin Yu’s identity.

Cha Hong gives an indifferent smile. He does not want to confront Qin Yu for the moment.

The reason for this is that the black jade case is going to be opened within several months. To him, no matters can be as important as the black jade case.

“2nd brother, listen. In the next half year, you mustn’t provoke Liu Xing and Hou Fei. Just pretend that you trust them and consider them friends. No matter what happens, you have to wait for a half year. I want the Blood-red Cave to be stable in this half year!” Cha Hong says solemnly.

Hearing his big brother say in such a serious manner, Cha Po immediately nods.

“All right, 2nd brother, you can leave. Don’t disturb me during this period of time. I want to finish my practice without a break.” Cha Hong says smilingly.

With his eyes brightening, Cha Po says: “Big brother, could it be you’re going to make a breakthrough within a half year?” He simply does not know about the black jade case so after hearing Cha Hong say that no accidents are allowed to happen in the next half year he thinks that his big brother is about to make a breakthrough.

Cha Hong gives a smile and nods.

Indeed he is going to make a breakthrough in power soon. But it is going to take him from 2 to 3 years instead of a half year.

Do not think that he has only been spending his own energy to drain the energy of the black jade case’s Dust Removing restrictive spell. While using his energy, he has also been absorbing the holy energy in nature to practice. His yuanying has been gradually improving for the past 100 years and Cha Hong has already reached the peak of the early Dongxu stage.

......

Qin Yu’s injury has healed completely in less than a half day.

“Fei Fei, I’m going to do closed-door training for some time. Don’t let anyone disturb me during this period of time unless something serious happens.” Qin Yu entrusts the task of guarding to Hou Fei on one side of him.

Hou Fei says with a smile: “Don’t worry, big brother. This time we got the 4 yuanyings of Bai Yin, Ran Lan, Mu Xu and Sang Mo. But I’ve already reached the middle Yuanying stage so it’s basically useless for me to absorb them. They aren’t even very useful to Xiao Hei either. So, they can only be given to you.”

A faint smile appears on Qin Yu’s face.

“There’s no hurry to refine them. Of the 4 yuanyings, I only need Bai Yin’s. It’s totally enough for me already. Let’s put the other yuanyings away for the moment.” It is not necessarily a good thing to refine as many yuanyings as possible. When the refiner’s power reaches a certain level, he should stop.

Now Qin Yu wants to reach the 2nd of the 6 stage of the Stellar Transformations, the Meteor stage.

“All right, big brother. I’m going to help you by guarding outside. No one will be able to disturb you.” Hou Fei leaves while laughing kaka. Qin Yu immediately goes into his own bedroom and sits down with legs crossed on the bed. His mind starts to recall the contents of the Stellar Transformations.

The Stellar Transformations is divided into 6 stages, Nebula, Meteor, Core, Planet, Dujie and Star. The Nebula stage is about consolidating the foundation so its offense is not strong at all. However, once the practitioner reaches the Meteor stage, his offense will begin to increase by leaps and bounds.

In the past, when Lei Wei was still at the middle Dujie stage, he was able to single-handedly kill a Dacheng stage Xiuzhenist, several loose immortals and several tens Dujie stage and Kongming stage Xiuzhenists. Afterwards, he overcame 8 of the 9 thunderbolts of the 9-From-9th Heaven Tribulation before unwillingly failing to withstand the 9th thunderbolt in the end.

His power was shockingly strong.

Lei Wei was definitely a humanoid divine beast, or even something stronger. However, Qin Yu is currently not so formidable like that because he has only reached the foundation-strengthening stage, Nebula.

“To reach the Meteor stage, I have to combine a very great number of silvery grains into a golden particle of essence. It will become a core inside my body -- a Meteor.” Qin Yu gives a faint smile. The gap between the late Nebula stage and the early Meteor stage is really too big.

The Meteor stage focuses on speed, condensation and instantaneous explosiveness!

At the moment, Qin Yu’s stellar energy is still in its most common form. By the time he reaches the Meteor stage, a myriad of silvery grains will have already been refined down to a single golden particle of essence called a Meteor. Energy will come out from the Meteor in the form of thin threads that looks like rays of light.

Their thinness also represents a high level of energy condensation.

His offensive force will be focused on one point so it will be extraordinarily powerful. The golden stellar energy will also fuse with his body so he will progress at least 10 times faster than he is at the moment, or maybe even more.

“Theoretically, at the Nebula stage, a practitioner of the Stellar Transformations should stay in a certain place to practice. Only when he has reached the Meteor stage can he wander around and fight other Xiuzhenists!”

As soon as Qin Yu remembers the descriptions of the Meteor stage and the later stages in the Stellar Transformations, he cannot help feeling himself burning with excitement. Now he is weaker than Xiao Hei and Hou Fei, but this will change once he reaches the early Meteor stage.

“Alright, let’s start practicing.”

Qin Yu closes his eyes.

However, at this moment, the noise of an explosion reaches him from inside the Blood-red Cave. Afterwards, the cave is in turmoil. All the guarding Xiuyaoists begin to run in all directions.

“Guardian Hou Fei, vice master has been killed by a mysterious figure. That mysterious figure has disappeared. Please chase and capture the killer quickly.”

A guard runs up to the side of Hou Fei and says respectfully. Hou Fei’s face changes color. He says: “You can leave first.” He then runs towards Qin Yu’s room at once. But Qin Yu has already come out of the room. He also heard clearly what that guard said just now.

“Big brother?” Hou Fei looks at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu feels that the current situation is somewhat bad. Cha Po, the cave’s vice master, has unexpectedly been killed at this time. However, the wound on his stomach has healed completely and he cannot let anyone discover this.

“Fei Fei, no matter what happens, if someone comes to find me, just tell them I am doing closed-door training and can’t be disturbed. I feel that the situation has already become a little chaotic. I must quickly improve my power.” He immediately says to Hou Fei.

Hou Fei nods then sits down in the courtyard of Qin Yu’s house at once. He will not let anybody disturb Qin Yu.

Disregarding everything, Qin Yu goes back into his room.

At this crucial moment, the most important thing to do is improve his power! Once he reaches the Meteor stage, his hands will no longer be tied as they are now.

Meanwhile, an extremely furious deep voice resounds through the Blood-red Cave.

“Listen up, 5000 guards and 11 guardians. From now on, keep a close watch everywhere. Nobody is allowed to enter the Blood-red Cave. Whoever violates this rule must be killed!” All of the guards and guardians immediately become much more alert. The looks in their eyes become even fiercer as well.

End of b5c28.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 29
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C29: The Meteor stage

Various guard squads are continuously patrolling everywhere in the Blood-red Cave. Even those beautiful ladies-in-waiting on the walkways or in the corridors have also become cautious and no longer dare to banter flirtatiously with the guards as before. The current atmosphere in the Blood-red Cave is very oppressive.

The guardians, consisting of Yan Qing and her sister, the 3 black turtle brothers, the 2 tiger shark brothers, Teng Bi, Qin Yu, Hou Fei and Zhuang Zhong, all stay in their own houses. None of them strolls outside.

Day after day of such a high level of vigilance and pressure passes ...

......

In the Nine Demons Hall’s main hall,

There is a throne on a raised platform. Below it, there are 4 thrones on either side. At the moment, 8 men who are dressed in purple brocade robes are sitting in the thrones. Only the 2nd throne on the left among the lower thrones is vacant.

The man sitting in the highest throne in the main hall has thick eyebrows and big eyes. His body naturally gives off a lordly air.

This purple-robed man is examining a 3-cun long jade sword in his hand. After looking at it carefully several times, he says: “This is the 6th of the legendary 9 Swords. It’s indeed a good sword, very good.” As he exclaims nonstop, his eyes blaze with excitement.

The 1st purple-robed man on the right below him, however, says critically: “Big brother, what’s good about it? Isn’t it just a top-grade holy weapon? Though top-grade holy weapons are pretty precious, this sword doesn’t deserve such fame. Except for some special functions, what’s good about this jade sword itself?”

“What do you know?” The higher purple-robed man says laughingly.

The true forms of the Nine Demons Hall’s 9 brothers are Purple Demon aquatic dragons. Even though they are not divine dragons, they are close to divine dragons in power. A Purple Demon aquatic dragon can defeat 5 or 6 Xiuxianists of the same power level as it. Therefore, by joining forces, these 9 Purple Demon aquatic dragons were able to become one of the 3 superpowers at the bottom of the ocean.

The higher purple-robed man is the big brother among them, Di Long!

Di Long looks at the jade sword with glittering eyes: “Brothers, you all know about those special functions. But this jade sword itself is also extraordinary. Let me tell you something. The material used to forge it was only a chunk of icy jasper.”

“How is this possible?”

Below him, his 7 brothers are all astonished.

It is common knowledge that icy jasper is only a material to make middle-grade holy weapons and cannot be forged into high-grade holy weapons, let alone top-grade holy weapons.

Di Long says with a faint smile on the corners of his mouth: “Don’t doubt it. This jade sword is only a key to open an immortal mansion. It’s simply impossible for you to imagine how powerful the immortal that forged this jade sword was. They certainly had the ability to perform miracles.”

“The fact that this immortal was able to forge top-grade holy weapons from a middle-grade material reflects their power. What things are there in the mansion of an immortal like this? When even the keys to it are already 9 top-grade holy weapons, what treasures is it storing?” Di Long’s eyes glitter.

The eyes of his 7 brothers also glitter. It seems they are also thinking about the treasures in the immortal mansion.

The 3rd brother Di Xu says: “Big brother, according to our intelligence, 7 of the 9 jade swords have appeared. The Xiuxianists of the Penglai Immortal Region got 1. The Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon’s Xiumoists are lucky; they unexpectedly got 2. That azure dragon of the Azure Dragon Palace got 1. We got 1 and that 3-eyed old freak of the Blue Water Mansion also got 1. It seems Azure Dragon and 3-Eyed are contending for the 7th jade sword.”

Underwater Xiuyaoists are very powerful and the number of jade swords they have obtained also partly reflects this.

The big brother Di Long slightly nods and says smilingly: “There are many Xiuxian schools in the Penglai Immortal Region but they only got 1 jade sword so perhaps there’ll be an internal struggle among them for a while. As for the 7th jade sword that has just appeared, we won’t get involved with it. We’d better let Azure Dragon and the old freak 3-Eyed fight each other.”

Azure Dragon of the Azure Dragon Palace and the 3-Blue-Eyed Toad of the Blue Water Mansion are 2 extremely powerful divine beasts. To put up a fight against either of them, the Nine Demons Hall will have to go all out.

“Big brother, now that the 7th jade sword has appeared, where are the remaining 2?” The 9th brother Di Nai asks.

Di Long says very confidently: “Nobody knows where the 9th sword currently is. But ... I know where the 8th sword is. This time, 8th brother personally went out because of it. If my prediction is correct, 8th brother will succeed with ease.”

The 3rd brother Di Xu says smilingly: “9th brother, I know about this business too. Big brother told me to send subordinates to gather information about different camps and at the same time search for the jade swords. And I accidentally obtained the information about the 8th sword.”

Searching for the jade swords.

Not only has the Nine Demons Hall been searching for them, the Penglai Immortal Region, the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon, the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion have all sent experts to search for them everywhere as well. They have been searching the islands and the ocean and have even gone to the Qian Long continent to search.

Luckily those Xiuyaoists, Xiuxianists and Xiumoists entered the Qian Long continent only to search for the jade swords rather than to take part in its internal affairs, or else the 3 big kingdoms on the continent would not be able to enjoy such a high level of stability.

“The more jade swords the better. If we can obtain more jade swords, when the 5 superpowers unlock the immortal mansion later, our opinions will carry more weight and we’ll get more treasures. We’ll definitely obtain the 8th jade sword, so now we must try our best to find out where the 9th sword is!”

Di Long stands up and glances at his brothers below him, saying: “Brothers, let’s try your hardest to gather information about the 9th sword now!”

“Yes, big brother!”

The other 7 purple-robed men accept the order in unison.

......

3 months has already gone by. The Blood-red Cave is still as calm as before.

At the moment in the secret room of the cave,

Cha Hong is sitting with legs crossed. A black jade case is floating in front of him. It is continuously sending out many rays of light. And Cha Hong’s powerful demonic elemental energy is neutralizing the energy of the case’s Dust Removing restrictive spell nonstop. At this point, even Cha Hong has become emotional.

He withdraws his hands and stops sending his demonic elemental energy into the case. There are various beads of sweat on his forehead at the moment.

“Whew.”

Cha Hong’s eyebrows are drenched with sweat. Having been in possession of this black jade case for 100 years, today he has been able to ascertain that the case is going to be opened very soon. At that time he is going to obtain the treasure in the case and, as a result, have something to rely on to achieve his ambitions.

Xiuxianists’ Penglai Immortal Region, Xiumoists’ Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon, the Azure Dragon Palace, the Nine Demons Hall, and the Blue Water Mansion are absolutely the 5 strongest superpowers in the overseas Xiuzhen world.

The Blood-red Cave is only one of the 8 minor powers under the Nine Demons Hall. It is simply not in the same league as the 5 superpowers. Because of this, Cha Hong has been trying to lie very low and be very cautious, especially after obtaining the black jade case.

“After 100 years, this bloody restrictive spell is finally about to break. The immortal that set it up was really ridiculous. Isn’t it just a dust-removing spell? Casually using a little power would’ve been enough. Why gave it so much energy?” Cha Hong says smilingly with a sigh.

At the moment he is in a fairly good mood.

However, as soon as he remembers his 2nd brother Cha Po’s sudden death, he has a tinge of a bad feeling.

“Hopefully nothing unexpected will happen at this final juncture. But ... I definitely won’t let anyone snatch my treasure.” Cha Hong’s eyes glitter with coldness. Afterwards, he rests for a while to replenish his demonic elemental energy then continues to drain the energy of the Dust Removing restrictive spell.

......

In Qin Yu’s courtyard house in the eastern part of the Blood-red Cave,

Hou Fei is sitting with legs crossed and eyes closed in the courtyard. There is a black stick next to him. He has been practicing this way for 3 whole months. But he has not been practicing with full concentration because he has been watching the surroundings closely using his holy sense.

He definitely will not let anybody interrupt Qin Yu’s training.

Qin Yu is practicing in the room guarded by Hou Fei. At the moment, his body is radiating an indistinct light similar to starlight. Stellar energy has formed a huge nebula that is enfolding him. Qin Yu is sitting with legs crossed above the bed.

He is currently sitting in midair.

Suddenly!

The nebula spins faster. At the same time, the sun above the ocean unexpectedly shoots a blazing stream of energy down towards a deep place in the ocean through the water. This blazing energy stream comes straight into Qin Yu’s room in the Blood-red Cave then fuses with the nebula.

Immediately, the color of the nebula becomes golden. Qin Yu is being surrounded completely in the golden light.

A series of small sounds comes out from his entire body. His whole forehead is being covered in large beads of sweat. He has even begun to convulse due to acute pains but he is still trying to endure the pains because he knows he has reached a crucial point in practice.

Inside his body,

The density of the silvery grains in his dantian has unexpectedly increased by 100%. Countless silvery grains are rotating very quickly. At the same time, various blazing streams of energy are entering the body from the outside. The muscles and bones in Qin Yu’s entire body are undergoing rapid and drastic transformations.

Every muscle, every bone and even every cell in his body are transforming very quickly. The toughness and flexibility of his body are being improved again and again.

Hot!

The Stellar Flame is blazing nonstop inside Qin Yu’s body, as if it is roasting him. The countless silvery grains in the space of his dantian start to spin extremely fast. Unlike in the past, they are now spinning towards a central point.

Chi chi ~~

Enhanced nonstop by the real sun, the Stellar Flame has become much stronger. Being refined repeatedly by it, those silvery grains spin with ever increasing speed. As time passes, the silvery grains spin faster and faster.

Moreover, all of them are quickly spinning towards the center.

Of course, the more silvery grains there are in the outer parts of the dantian, the more silvery grains will spin towards the center with time. In the huge space of the dantian, all of the silvery grains are converging towards the center like mad.

While enhancing the Stellar Flame, the powerful and extremely pure solar fire continuously refines Qin Yu’s body as well.

Concurrently with this, various clear streams flow to every place in Qin Yu’s body from the Meteoric Tear, enabling his body to recover very fast. But as soon as it recovers, it is burnt and refined by the fire yet again.

Thanks to getting burnt and healed repeatedly by the fire and the Meteoric Tear, the toughness and flexibility of Qin Yu’s body improve very quickly.

Lei Wei created the practice method of making use of solar fires, but he could only rely on his body’s natural recovery ability, which was much inferior to the Meteoric Tear’s healing ability. It should be known that the faster a practitioner can recover, the greater the number of times his body will be refined.

......

Outside, Hou Fei suddenly opens his eyes, stands up and stares at Qin Yu’s room.

At the moment, even Hou Fei is very astonished by a powerful undulation of energy.

“Guardian Hou Fei, what has happened?” Guardian Zhuang Zhong runs up to Hou Fei and asks. He has also felt the energy undulation at this place. The 2 snake women, amazed by such a powerful amount of energy, have run into Qin Yu’s house as well.

Generally, nobody will release such a great amount of energy while practicing.

“Bugger off!”

Hou Fei suddenly stares at them and growls loudly, looking frighteningly violent. His fierce look makes Zhuang Zhong, Yan Qing and her sister trembles in their hearts. Immediately, they no longer dare to say anything. They all know that he killed Sang Mo right outside the main entrance of the Blood-red Cave.

Hou Fei then turns around and looks at the room.

“Just now how could that fire come down from the sky?” He is somewhat doubtful in his heart. Actually, there were restrictive spells around Qin Yu’s room so the energy Qin Yu sent out should not have alarmed the other guardians. But that fiery stream of energy just now unexpectedly destroyed the restrictive spells with ease.

Because of this, at a crucial moment to Qin Yu, the energy surged forth from his body caught the other guardians’ attention.

And they have begun to gather in his house.

“Hey, great beauty Yan, what’s happened inside?” Wu Tong of the 2 tiger shark brothers asks Yan Qing. Seeing Hou Fei guarding outside Qin Yu’s room, he does not dare to go into it without permission. Who does not know about Hou Fei’s wildness and insolence?

Yan Qing says with a shake of her head: “I don’t know, but it should be guardian Liu Xing practicing.”

“Practicing? Why didn’t he set up restrictive spells? All of us can feel the undulation of his energy. Could it be he doesn’t know that the Blood-red Cave is in a very tense situation?” Ba Ming of the 3 black turtle brothers frowns and says doubtfully.

When these several guardians are discussing,

The energy coming out from the room suddenly withdraws.

Inside the room,

A faint smile appears on the face of Qin Yu, who is sitting with legs crossed in midair. He opens his eyes then slightly opens his mouth and takes a breath. The remaining third of the yuanying, which is yet to be refined, is swallowed up by him directly.

The outer nebula also disappears in an instant.

In Qin Yu’s dantian,

There is a blue Stellar Flame in the center of the dantian. Inside the Stellar Flame, there is a dazzling golden source of light. By observing carefully, one would find out that it is a very small golden grain. It is called a meteor. This shining meteor is being burnt by the Stellar Flame. Around the shining golden grain, there are a few silvery grains.

Even though their number has become much smaller, they are occupying much more space in the dantian than before.

The remainder of the yuanying has been swallowed up by Qin Yu at a gulp.

A series of cracking sounds rises as the Stellar Flame burns and refines that third of the yuanying completely. Those silvery grains then begin to revolve very fast. They have also become slightly bigger.

“With the help of the solar fire, I had to refine a great number of silvery grains to get a golden grain. This solar fire is really exceptionally powerful. I didn’t think it’d be able to refine a third of the yuanying completely in a breath!” Qin Yu thinks to himself emotionally.

All of a sudden, a faint smile appears on the corners of his mouth: “Let’s see how much faster I’ve become.” A golden ray of light then shoots out from the meteor in his dantian. It fuses with the channels in his entire body instantly.

Whizz!

With a shake of his body, Qin Yu disappears from the room like a golden ray of light. He is at least 10 times faster than before. His speed has reached a simply frightening level. Outside the room, Hou Fei blinks his fiery eyes in disbelief. He suddenly feels Qin Yu’s aura disappear from the room in an instant.

“Fei Fei.”

Qin Yu suddenly appears in front of an astonished Hou Fei and looks smilingly at him.

End of b5c29.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 30
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C30: The mantis stalks the cicada

Seeing Qin Yu appear before him, Hou Fei’s eyes suddenly glitter and unexpectedly shoot out 2 visible beams of light, which enfold Qin Yu. After just a moment, Hou Fei’s expression becomes even more astonished and shocked.

“Big brother, you ate some immortal pill, didn’t you?”

Hou Fei looks at Qin Yu and asks. At the moment he is very curious because, theoretically, even when a practitioner makes a breakthrough, he will not improve so much in such a short time. Hou Fei even feels that Qin Yu can now give him a good fight and at least pose a threat to him.

“What are you staring at? Scram!”

Hou Fei turns around and shouts at those guardians. Guardian Zhuang Zhong among them says smilingly to Qin Yu: “Congratulations, guardian Liu Xing. It seems after cave master granted you guardian Ran Lan’s yuanying, you’ve improved a lot in power thanks to refining it. Could it be you have reached the middle Yuanying stage?”

Yan Qing says with a frown: “That’s impossible. Ran Lan was only at the early Yuanying stage. Absorbing his yuanying shouldn’t have been able to improve guardian Liu Xing’s power very much. Could it be guardian Liu Xing had already reached the peak of the early Yuanying stage before? Somehow I feel that guardian Liu Xing’s energy is not very powerful.”

Qin Yu gives a smile.

At the Meteor stage, his body’s energy is contained even better. Moments ago, he had just reached the Meteor stage so his energy surged forth. But now, most of his energy is being concentrated in that shining meteor in the center of his dantian.

Moreover, because he is using the Xiumo secret technique Northern Darkness, his body is not giving off a bit of his aura, and therefore it is even more difficult to estimate his power.

“My fellow guardians, your power levels are about the same as mine, but my brother Fei Fei surpassed me long ago. As his big brother, of course I must try hard. I still have something to discuss with Fei Fei so all of you please leave here for the moment.” Qin Yu does not say exactly what level he has reached.

An air of mystery,

This is what he needs.

Yan Qing and Xi Yan slightly salute him: “Then we take our leave first. But can you go to our houses later to have some fun, guardian Liu Xing?” These 2 seductive sisters then give Qin Yu a flirtatious look and leave immediately.

“Guardian Liu Xing, congratulations on a big improvement in power. The 3 of us take our leave too.” The 3 black turtle brothers leave with big smiles on their faces.

The guardians leave one after another. Their attitudes towards him are all very good. Previously, they also treated him fairly well but it was only because of his relationship with Hou Fei. At this place, personal power is the most important thing. A strong individual here will naturally earn the respect of Xiuyaoists.

Last time Qin Yu said that he had been able to seriously injure the black eagle by going all out so those guardians estimated that he was approaching a middle Yuanying stage expert in offense. Now that he has made progress in practice again, they think that they know very well about his power.

In fact, at the moment Qin Yu is stronger than they think he is.

Horned Dragon Teng Bi looks at Qin Yu with glittering eyes and says in amazement: “Originally I thought that except for cave master only guardian Hou Fei could fight me. But now it looks like guardian Liu Xing is already strong enough to fight me after making a big improvement in power.” His words are very direct.

Qin Yu responds with a smile.

“I take my leave, guardian Liu Xing. Later you must have a spar with me.” Teng Bi leaves at once.

Now there are only Qin Yu and Hou Fei left in the courtyard.

Hou Fei casually sets up a restrictive spell then looks at Qin Yu, saying: “Tell me clearly, big brother. How did you practice? My Fiery-eyed Aquatic Monkey clan is a harmonious fusion of water and fire, and we also attach great importance to the physical body so my body is extremely strong. But when I used the Fiery Eyes to take a look at you just now, I found that your body is approaching mine in toughness.”

Hou Fei is a middle Yuanying stage divine beast while Qin Yu is at the early Meteor stage, but the toughness levels of their bodies are close to each other.

“The reason for this is my practice technique. It’s called Stellar Transformations. Training the body is its basis. The stronger the body is, the faster the progress will be. This time, when I made a breakthrough to the Meteor stage, due to a special cause my body toughness improved rapidly and surpassed the level recorded in the Stellar Transformations.” Qin Yu does not hide the Stellar Transformations technique from Hou Fei at all.

Actually, the Stellar Transformations has basically been unheard of in the Xiuzhen world.

It did not exist until Lei Wei created it. And after Lei Wei came to this Xiuzhen world, he never tried to publicize his own technique either.

“Stellar Transformations? I’ve never heard of it. It seems not to exist in my hereditary memories either. It should be an ordinary practice technique, right?” Hou Fei blinks his eyes a couple of times and says.

Qin Yu is startled.

Hereditary memories?

He has met someone with hereditary memories again! Hei Yu has hereditary memories. Hou Fei also has hereditary memories. Could it be all divine beasts have hereditary memories? However, because Qin Yu has seen only a very small number of divine beasts, it is certainly impossible for him to draw a conclusion. Without communicating with divine beasts, how can he know if they have hereditary memories or not?

“A strong body is very beneficial for close-quarters offense. Big brother, I feel that your speed just now was very fast. Using your physical power alone, you should already be able to beat ordinary Yuanying stage experts.” Hou Fei says very positively.

Qin Yu is of course clear about this. According to the descriptions in the Stellar Transformations, now he should even be able to fight early Dongxu stage experts. Moreover, thanks to the Meteoric Tear, his body was refined more than usual by solar fire during practice, and therefore it is currently much stronger than the Stellar Transformations says it is.

The energy of the Meteor stage is many times more condensed than that of the Nebula stage. At the Meteor stage, stellar energy is sent out in the form of golden threads. Because it is extremely pure and concentrated, it is highly destructive.

“Fei Fei, for the next few days I’ll have to consolidate my power level a bit. You don’t need to guard me during this period. Right, has the investigation into Cha Po’s death achieved any results?” Qin Yu always feels that Cha Po’s death is very strange.

Previously, because he was busy practicing, he did not care too much about it.

Hou Fei says with a shake of his head: “Nothing has been found out. According to the other guardians, a mysterious figure attacked Cha Po and killed him directly in one hit. Cha Po was basically defenseless. When other guys came to see what was happening after hearing the explosion, the killer had already disappeared.”

“Fei Fei, you mean, from beginning to end, nobody saw that mysterious figure?”

“Yes, it should be so according to the other guardians.” Hou Fei says with a nod.

“Where did Cha Po die?” Qin Yu asks with glittering eyes.

“It was outside the secret room in which Cha Hong often undergoes closed-door training.” As Hou Fei says this, he also becomes doubtful. “Also, Cha Hong was inside the secret room at that time. Cha Po got killed right outside the room but Cha Hong unexpectedly couldn’t catch the killer. This killer is a bit too strong already.”

“Right outside the secret room?” Qin Yu ponders for a moment. His eyes suddenly brighten.

He then says smilingly with a nod: “All right, Fei Fei, you should return to have a rest first. After keeping watch over me during this period of time, you must be tired, right?” Hou Fei stretches his sluggish waist, saying: “Well, I’m actually a bit tired. Kaka, I’m going back to rest now.”

He becomes lively again.

During a short stretch of time afterwards, Qin Yu strengthens his power level and familiarizes himself with the offensive techniques of the Meteor stage a bit. There are detailed descriptions of many offensive techniques in the Stellar Transformations. To put it simply, the Meteor stage’s techniques belong to the type that allows the user to rely on speed to detect the enemy’s weaknesses then deal a crushing blow or to escape if the enemy is unbeatable.

Of course, the user can also come at the enemy head-on, but this will be a waste of his superior speed.

After a few days,

“I’m going to practice. All of you listen up! Nobody is allowed to enter my house. Fei Fei, help me to keep watch outside and don’t let anyone disturb me. This closed-door training session is very important so you should just beat away anyone who comes here.” Qin Yu tells Hou Fei. At the same time, he gives the ladies-in-waiting sent to his courtyard house on one side an order.

“Yes!” Hearing Qin Yu say in such a serious manner, the ladies-in-waiting immediately accept the orders.

Hou Fei, however, winks at him a couple of times and says loudly: “Don’t worry, big brother. Whoever dares to disturb you is going to be reduced to mince in a blow of my stick!”

Qin Yu gives Hou Fei a smile then turns around and goes into his room at once.

Right after entering the room, he uses the most basic escaping technique in his Xiuxian secret books -- underground escaping art -- to go into the ground. He then quietly and secretly leaves his own courtyard house. Very soon after coming out of the house, he surfaces.

“I want to see what secrets there are in that secret room!”

There is a faint smile on the corners of his mouth. He immediately controls the turning speed of the Northern Darkness talisman in his head. After a small adjustment, he no longer absorbs the energies around him and only does not give off his own aura. This is absolutely the best way of containing aura.

To be safe, he does not even use the stellar energy in his body and only relies on his physical power.

With a movement of his body, he rushes towards the northern part of the Blood-red Cave like a black beam of light. As he is not sending out a bit of his aura, those guardians who are staying in their courtyard houses cannot detect him either. After getting out of the eastern part, he easily avoids the guards in other places because the strongest among them are only at the late phase of the Jindan stage.

After entering the northern part, he follows a curved path to approach an artificial mountain. It is none other than the entrance to the secret room.

“Since Cha Po was killed right outside the secret room, someone must’ve approached it. But why did they approach it? They can’t have made a trip to the entrance of the secret room just to kill Cha Po.” A faint smile appears on his face. He still remembers Zhuang Zhong told him that Cha Hong had often undergone closed-door training in the secret room for the last 100 years.

There must be some secret here!

This coupled with Cha Po’s death near the secret room at the hands of a mysterious killer has made Qin Yu decide to secretly scout this place out. He does not dare to approach the entrance in that artificial mountain straight from the front so he goes around it in a large curve then moved towards it extremely fast like the wind from another direction. All the while, he does not use a bit of stellar energy.

However, when coming near the artificial mountain, Qin Yu feels the presence of something dangerous here. This feeling of fear from the bottom of his heart is very unpleasant. He immediately stops his approach and goes into the ground at a corner of the artificial mountain. He can feel that someone is hiding in the surroundings.

Moreover, this is a very powerful being. Therefore, Qin Yu does not dare to use his holy sense and suppresses his aura completely with the Northern Darkness. He relies only on his hearing to observe.

Qin Yu thus remains motionless under the artificial mountain as time passes. All along, he has an intuitive feeling of danger. For the moment, he must be patient.

......

In the Blood-red Cave’s secret room,

Cha Hong is sitting with legs crossed on a bulrush mat. Various streams of demonic elemental energy are continuously wearing away the Dust Removing restrictive spell. The light on the surface of the black jade case is getting increasingly dull. Cha Hong’s eyes are blazing. There are indistinct blood-red lines in his eyes. Obviously he is extremely excited at the moment.

Poof!

A very soft noise is heard. But to Cha Hong, it is no different from a crash of thunder. His whole body shakes. In an instant, he withdraws his demonic elemental energy and focuses his glittering eyes entirely on the black jade case.

“I’ve finally succeeded!” Cha Hong opens the case with shaky hands.

It requires no special techniques to open the black jade case. After opening it, he sees a 3-cun long jade sword inside. This jade sword is lustrous throughout. There is a seal character for ‘Eight’ written on it. A jade slip is put on the jade sword. Cha Hong immediately gets that jade slip. Right after he makes a sweep with his holy sense, an ecstatic expression appears on his face.

“Ha-ha, indeed, it’s indeed the same as the legend. The 9 Swords Immortal Mansion, oh my, a mansion left behind by an immortal. And this is none other than the 8th sword.”

Cha Hong’s entire body is extremely excited.

Who would not get excited upon succeeding after spending their own energy to wear away that Dust Removing restrictive spell almost every day for more than 100 consecutive years like Cha Hong? Moreover, this jade sword will also make his dreams a bit more attainable.

Even the jade sword itself is already a treasure to Cha Hong, because it is a top-grade holy weapon.

The 5 superpowers, Penglai Immortal Region, Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon, Azure Dragon Palace, Nine Demons Hall and Blue Water Mansion, regard top-grade holy weapons as treasures, but they do not lack these weapons. However, in the eyes of Cha Hong, this jade sword is a top-class treasure. His own holy weapon is only a high-grade one.

Boom!

Following an explosion, a silhouette appears in the secret room. The defense of the room was totally useless against this figure. The arriver is a stalwart man who is dressed in fitted purple clothes. This man stares at Cha Hong. His eyes are full of amusement.

When Cha Hong suddenly sees this purple-clad man, his face changes color at once.

“Di Tong!”

His face darkens as he sees this 8th brother of the Nine Demons Hall. At the same time, he also becomes somewhat flustered inwardly. The Nine Demons Hall’s 9 brothers are not equally powerful. The big brother among them, Di Long, is the strongest. And this Di Tong can definitely rank 3rd among them in power.

“Cha Hong, I have to thank you for spending the past 100 years helping the Nine Demons Hall break the restrictive spell of this black jade case.” Di Tong says smilingly.

Cha Hong calms down in the blink of an eye and says: “8th Majesty, I was absolutely sure that nobody alive knew I got one of the 9 Swords. How did you know about this?”

Di Tong says with a smile: “Nobody alive knew about this, but couldn’t the fellas you killed write it down?” Hearing these words, Cha Hong cannot help forcing a smile. In the past he also thought about the possibility of those victims recording this information, so he destroyed all of their belongings.

However, must those victims have carried the things they wrote it down on with them? Erasing all the information about this therefore was not something that could be done.

“Alright, Di Tong, it’s said that you’ve reached the middle Dongxu stage. Looks like I’m no match for you!” Cha Hong says in such a defeatist manner on the outside, but he fuses a drop of blood with the jade sword in the blink of an eye. Now he has already personalized the sword. With this top-grade holy weapon, his power has been enhanced quite a bit.

Di Tong has noticed this, but he is not worried. There is a hint of disdain on the corners of his mouth.

However, at this moment, someone is quietly eavesdropping in a dark corner just outside the secret room. It is none other than Qin Yu.

When Di Tong set up a restrictive spell, he only covered the entire artificial mountain from above with it. He did not know that a man had been hiding silently in the ground under the mountain for a long time. After Qin Yu heard the door of the secret room blasted open, he waited for a moment then quietly came in after Di Tong.

End of b5c30.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 31
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C31: Underground battle

The artificial mountain in the northern part of the Blood-red Cave occupies a very large area. The secret rooms under it are constructed next to each other in a systematically irregular manner like a maze. Together, they occupy an area that is at least 1 km in both length and width.

Qin Yu is standing with his back against a corner.

“Black jade case? One of the 9 Swords? 8th Majesty Di Tong?” Hearing what Cha Hong said inside, he has a rough idea of what is going on.

Obviously the black jade case was relatively difficult to open. Cha Hong had to spend 100 years to open it and there is one of the 9 Swords in it. However, now 8th Majesty of the Nine Demons Hall wants to rob him of that sword.

“Cha Hong had to spend 100 years to open that black jade case, plus he’s been very careful, but in the end it’ll still be snatched by 8th Majesty of the Nine Demons Hall himself.” Qin Yu feels his heart beating slightly faster. When even the Nine Demons Hall is so eager to have that jade sword, what kind of treasure is it?

Because he is holding his breath completely and is using the Northern Darkness, his body is not giving off a bit of his aura.

“I can’t observe with my eyes. Both Cha Hong and Di Tong are Dongxu experts and highly gifted, if I look at them, perhaps this’ll make them notice me.” At this point, Qin Yu definitely cannot afford to make a mistake.

He stands closely to the wall and focuses his entire attention on his ears. Now he can only eavesdrop on the conversation between the 2 of them to guess the situation inside.

In the secret room,

Di Tong is neither arrogant nor impatient. He is not worried in the slightest either. He looks casually at Cha Hong. In his view, Cha Hong is basically defenseless against him and once he gets into action, he will succeed with ease. Therefore, even though Cha Hong has personalized the jade sword by blood, Di Tong is not worried by this at all.

“That jade sword has fused with your body. Are you ready yet?” Di Tong looks at Cha Hong with a mocking smile. His manner is not fierce or imposing but there is an air of absolute sureness about him.

Facing Di Tong, Cha Hong, who has personalized the jade sword, is not frightened in the least.

“Di Tong, did you kill my 2nd brother?” Cha Hong asks.

Di Tong nods smilingly.

“Why? My 2nd brother was only at the middle Yuanying stage. He wasn’t a threat to you at all, why did you kill him?” Cha Hong’s expression changes to the point where it looks very unpleasant. Di Tong, however, laughs out loud coldly.

“Ha-ha, such deep brotherhood. Ha-ha ... this is really laughable as hell.” There is a note of disdain in his hysterical laughter.

He then looks at Cha Hong and says coldly: “Don’t pretend you care deeply about your brother like that. Just now you personalized that jade sword but you basically haven’t finished familiarizing yourself with it using your internal flame. Perhaps now you’re burning it with your demonic spiritual flame, right?”

“Humph, you’re talking to me here only to buy some time to familiarize yourself with the sword so that you can control it more easily.” Di Tong has quickly figured out Cha Hong’s goal.

However, Cha Hong’s expression is unchanged. He does not deny or admit it.

“All right, I can wait for you.” Di Tong folds his arms before his chest and slightly raises his chin. He stares coldly at Cha Hong while waiting for Cha Hong to familiarize himself with the jade sword. He is totally confident that he is going to win this fight.

In terms of true forms, a Purple Demon aquatic dragon is certainly stronger than a blood-red aquatic python.

In terms of power levels, he is at the middle Dongxu stage whereas Cha Hong is only at the early Dongxu stage.

In terms of weapons, he also has a top-grade holy weapon. Moreover, it is the weapon that he is most adept at using. By contrast, Cha Hong cannot choose his weapon. The jade sword is the only top-grade holy weapon available to him.

And in terms of practice techniques, the technique of the Nine Demons Hall’s 8th Majesty is of course more profound than that of Cha Hong!

It can be said that Di Tong is superior to Cha Hong in every aspect.

“Di Tong, you and your 8 brothers can be so arrogant only thanks to your true forms as Purple Demon aquatic dragons and your combined force. Today you’re here alone. I want to see how strong you are individually.” Cha Hong says coldly. At the same time, the look in his eyes becomes so fierce that it seems as if it can pierce through rock and metal.

Cha Hong knows that as the underdog he can only rely on courage and momentum.

All out!

Being the underdog, Cha Hong has to go all out and risk his life to fight a battle. He cannot afford to lose no matter what. Once he loses, he will end up with nothing. Even his life will be taken, let alone the jade sword.

He has been lying low for so long so how can he possibly admit defeat easily?

Cha Hong looks at Di Tong with his eyes full of tenacity. No matter what happens, he is going to give his all in this fight first. In the Xiuzhen world, losers have no say in anything.

“Good, looks like you still got some courage. But, if you want to be ambitious, not only must you have brains, you must also have real power!” Di Tong’s voice suddenly becomes resonant while his eyes glitter with coldness. “The most important thing is your fists must be tougher than mine!”

Di Tong and Cha Hong focus their eyes on one another.

Oppressive, the atmosphere in the secret room is frighteningly oppressive. The 2 of them are fixing their entire attention on each other, observing every movement of each other. Whoever slightly relaxes his concentration first will probably suffer nonstop attacks by the opponent.

Even though Qin Yu is outside the secret room, he can still feel an oppressive atmosphere.

Suddenly --

A noise that sounds as if it is made by a sharp sword piercing through the air rises and destroys the oppressive atmosphere in an instant. Immediately afterwards, a series of resounding metallic noises is heard. Concurrently with this, there are also deep noises of the air getting torn through. Qin Yu simply does not dare to see with his eyes. He can only hide in a dark corner and rely on his ears to listen.

In the secret room,

Di Tong, dressed fully in fitted purple clothes, is holding a long spear. The spear is extremely dynamic in his hands. Di Tong’s close-quarters spear technique is not inferior to Xiang Yang’s in the least. Moreover, when it comes to using the long spear to execute long-distance attacks, Di Tong is even more formidable than Xiang Yang.

Sometimes the spear leaves his hands and thrusts at vital points on Cha Hong’s body like a flash. Sometimes, while he is holding it, it springs forth like various aquatic dragons and surrounds Cha Hong completely at once. Cha Hong simply cannot run away.

Facing this move, Cha Hong has no choice but to go all out!

“Ah ah ~~~ Break!”

Put at a disadvantage as a result of being surrounded by countless silhouettes of the spear, Cha Hong opens his eyes wide and shouts furiously all of a sudden. That jade sword also enlarges and becomes a huge sword. Holding the huge jade sword, Cha Hong immediately makes a horizontal sweep at the enemy. He wants to counter finesse with brute force.

Various silhouettes of the spear vanish but Di Tong gives a cold laugh. Suddenly, the long spear shakes once.

The tip of the spear immediately begins to oscillate. In an instant, it hits the huge sword rapidly several hundred times. The entire energy of the huge sword is quickly neutralized. Di Tong then reaches out his hand and the spear suddenly moves along the sword like a snake to come at Cha Hong.

“No good!”

Cha Hong’s face changes color. No matter how he moves the huge sword, the tip of Di Tong’s spear keeps sticking to it. Moreover, in just about an instant, the spear tip thrusts at his body extremely fast along the sword like a snake spitting venom.

“Majesty Di Tong, your close combat techniques are excellent!”

Cha Hong says loudly. At the same time the huge sword becomes 3 cun long again. Cha Hong himself then retreats straight to a corner of the secret room. Instead of chasing after him, Di Tong pulls back the spear and stands still. However, various halos of purple light begin to rise from his body.

“Cha Hong, you still dare to use your human form to fight me? Looks like you’ve got a death wish. In this case, I won’t show any mercy. I’ll let you taste my special skill.” Various purple halos enfold Di Tong. His aura increases at a frightening speed.

Cha Hong’s face changes color: “No good. Looks like I should use that move in advance.” He immediately lets out a shout then disappears from his original place.

Afterimages!

Several afterimages instantly appear around Di Tong. They surround him in just a moment. Concurrently with this, various streams of sword energy are shot out extremely fast. Di Tong stands firmly in the center. He uses his spear so skillfully that his whole body seems to be shrouded in silhouettes of the spear. There are simply no openings in his defense. A vacuum has even formed in the area surrounded by Di Tong’s spear.

“Growl ~~”

A terrifying deep growl rises. At the same time, a huge python head appears in front of Di Tong out of thin air. It opens its mouth wide and bites at him, seemingly wanting to swallow him up directly.

“Child’s play!”

Di Tong is not worried in the least. He swings his spear at the python head ruthlessly like a long whip. However, at this moment --

Whizz!

A green beam of light shoots out from the python’s mouth like lightning and arrives at Di Tong’s face in an instant. Di Tong has basically no time to block it. The best he can do is to move his body to one side a bit. But his shoulder blade is still penetrated by the jade sword.

In the blink of an eye, Di Tong’s expression becomes unpleasant.

Di Tong, who has been fooling around since the beginning, has finally become angry. Just now, when Cha Hong bit at him using the python form, he did not care about this. But who could have thought that the bite was just a camouflage for the real attack -- the shot of the jade sword from the mouth?

Di Tong has been wounded and has become furious as well!

“Cha Hong, you dug your own grave!”

His originally calm expression has been distorted completely. His eyes have reddened indistinctly and blue veins have even stuck out on his face, making him look frighteningly ferocious. He suddenly opens his mouth and his body starts to transform into a terrifying aquatic dragon extremely fast.

“Growl ~~”

A raging sound rises.

“Boom ~~~” Smashed into by the huge body of the Purple Demon aquatic dragon, the walls of the secret room shatter, creating a series of loud explosions. The huge purple body keeps rocking, hitting one wall after another. The underground secret rooms therefore have to suffer an unprecedented amount of damage.

Moments ago, Qin Yu, who was eavesdropping outside, knew that the situation was not good when he noticed the tail of a blood-red aquatic python sticking out of the secret room’s door.

“These 2 fellas have transformed!” He immediately moved outwards extremely fast.

He no longer dared to stay just outside the secret room because if he kept staying there, when Di Tong transformed, the secret room would definitely be destroyed and he would be detected as a result. If he was discovered by 2 these furious fellows, his life would be in danger.

Even though he has reached the early Meteor stage, it is uncertain whether he can compare with Di Tong or Cha Hong.

Right after Qin Yu moved away from that wall, Di Tong turned into a Purple Demon aquatic dragon and smashed the wall into pieces with a shake of his tail. As a furious Di Tong twisted his body like mad, he destroyed every obstacle. Immediately, only a series of noises of walls getting shattered could be heard.

“Boom ~~”

Qin Yu does not dare to use stellar energy to run. But even if he used stellar energy, Di Tong and Cha Hong, who are furious at the moment, would not necessarily detect him. However, he does not want to take any chances. Therefore, he is only relying on his physical power to move out through the rubble like a blue wisp of smoke.

In a moment, he has already reached the entrance of the secret floor. He then leans against it and looks inside.

The destruction is still going on. Both the Purple Demon aquatic dragon and the blood-red aquatic python are twisting like crazy. One secret room after another is smashed into pieces by them. Luckily, the artificial mountain is being surrounded by a restrictive spell so the loud noises inside cannot be heard by anyone outside.

After a short while, the underground noises of explosions stop.

By now, half of the underground secret rooms have been destroyed. An especially large secret room that is about 600 to 700 m in both length and width has appeared on the secret floor. 2 huge snake-like monsters are facing each other in this newly-formed underground secret room.

Qin Yu moves silently to one side of a pile of rubble and peeps through a hole in the pile.

At a glance, he draws a cold breath.

In this empty area that is 600 to 700 m in length and width, there is a huge wriggly red python on the right hand side. It is none other than a blood-red aquatic python. Using his eyes, he estimates that it must be over 100 m long. Its mouth is as large as a water tank’s and its scales all radiate a cold light.

On the left hand side, a purple aquatic dragon is twisting in midair. It is 70 to 80 m long and has a mouth as large as the opening of a water tank. Compared to divine dragons, this dragon has only 1 horn. There is also a line of purple spikes sticking up on its back. Each spike is about the same size as the long spear Di Long used before.

“The blood-red aquatic python is on the right. The Purple Demon aquatic dragon is on the left.”

Qin Yu is greatly shocked when he feels the tremendous auras of these 2 demonic beasts.

If Cha Hong does not use his true form, Qin Yu can still handle him with some certainty. But after he transforms, if fighting him, Qin Yu will have to rely on the Meteoric Tear to go all out, and even so, the outcome will be unpredictable. As for Di Tong, he is even more powerful than Cha Hong!

The Purple Demon aquatic dragon is glaring at the blood-red aquatic python. His purple eyes are filled with furious anger.

The blood-red aquatic python is also glaring furiously at the Purple Demon aquatic dragon with its red eyes, unwilling to lose to the enemy in manner a bit. Its tongue keeps coming out of and going back into its mouth, ready to attack at any time.

Qin Yu remains motionless beside the pile of rubble. He simply does not dare to focus his eyes on these 2 huge beasts and only uses the corners of his eyes to peek at them. However, even if he now stared at them directly, they would not be able to notice this because they cannot afford to split their concentration.

“Growl ~~~”

The Purple Demon aquatic dragon, which suffered a stab wound moments ago, suddenly utters a loud growl. With a swing of its tail, it charges at the blood-red aquatic python like a purple billow. At this moment, the python also lets out a deep growl. It then shoots his head forwards extremely fast and opens its blood-red basin-like large mouth to bite at the Purple Demon aquatic dragon directly.

End of b5c31.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 32
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C32: 3 strikes of life or death!

The Purple Demon aquatic dragon and the blood-red aquatic python shoot out 2 beams of light from their tank-sized mouths almost simultaneously. The light beam comes out from the Purple Demon aquatic dragon’s mouth is actually the spear used before, only that it is now much shorter. And the light beam comes out from the blood-red aquatic python’s mouth is actually that jade sword.

Boom!

The spear and the jade sword collide head-on. They then whirl about and collide with each other again and again.

While controlling their holy weapons to attack, the Purple Demon aquatic dragon and the blood-red aquatic python also use their own bodies to attack. After all, to Xiuyaoists, their true forms are the most powerful weapons. The Purple Demon aquatic dragon’s black horn pierces through the air to thrust at the blood-red aquatic python’s head, creating a sharp whistle.

This attack with the black horn executed by the Purple Demon aquatic dragon is frighteningly powerful. It can definitely breach the blood-red aquatic python’s defense with ease. The python’s red tail has also reached a shocking level in speed. It swings at the Purple Demon aquatic dragon extremely fast like lightning.

An observer would only see a huge purple blur and a huge blood-red blur keep chasing after, intertwining with and attacking each other at extreme speeds. Even though these 2 beasts have large bodies, they are terrifyingly fast.

Poof!

The Purple Demon aquatic dragon hits the blood-red aquatic python’s body with a claw swipe. Despite their hardness, various scales of the python are still cracked then shattered into pieces. The python’s skin is immediately mangled. Blood splatters around and fragments of flesh are scattered.

The blood-red aquatic python lets out a painful growl in an instant. At the same time, a red blur swings at the Purple Demon aquatic dragon and hits it.

The aquatic dragon is unexpectedly unable to resist the force of the python’s tail and is sent flying. But it comes back with a sweep of its tail while still flying outwards and attacks the blood-red aquatic python again.

Di Tong and Cha Hong control the spear and the jade sword respectively to attack each other nonstop. Neither of them dares to relax a bit because top-grade holy weapons are still a great danger to them.

Pu!

Cha Hong opens his blood-red python mouth and shoots out a yellow beam of light straight at the spear. Even though the spear dodges, that yellow light makes a turn to chase after it then sticks on it directly. The spear immediately slows down.

Right after getting stuck on with the yellow venomous mucus, the spear’s responsiveness drops to a shocking level. It seems no longer under Di Tong’s control.

“Poison, that’s the blood-red aquatic python’s deadly poison!”

Qin Yu, who is hiding behind a pile of rubble, recognizes that yellow poisonous liquid instantly. When he was fighting Cha Ge before, Cha Ge also used this move. This poisonous liquid is extremely strong. And now, used by a Dongxu stage expert like Cha Hong, its toxicity is naturally even stronger.

“Growl ~~”

Cha Hong lets out an excited deep growl. At the same time, his voice rises in Di Tong’s mind through holy sense communication: “Purple Demon aquatic dragon, prepare to die!” That jade sword immediately thrusts straight at Di Tong’s head like a green beam of light.

The Purple Demon aquatic dragon spurts a flame from its mouth towards the spear, but now the jade sword is already shooting at it.

Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu! ......

Several sharp whistles are heard. Those spear-like spikes on the back of the Purple Demon aquatic dragon have unexpectedly left its body and shot forwards extremely fast, piercing through the air like javelins.

With a resounding clang, the jade sword is hit simultaneously by 3 spear-like spikes and is knocked aside.

The blood-red aquatic python immediately twists its body and swings its tail extremely fast at those spikes. However, because those spear-sized spikes are too many and each of them carries a frighteningly powerful offensive force, the python can only avoid more than half of them and 20 to 30 spikes are still shooting at its body.

The swing of the python’s tail is fast like lightning, but despite its speed, the tail can only knock away 10-odd spikes. The nearly 10 remaining spikes penetrate into the python’s body directly.

Nearly 10 spikes shatter the python’s scales and pierce through its body completely in quick succession. Not even the blood-red aquatic python can endure such serious injuries.

A light flashes and the python turns into Cha Hong in the blink of an eye.

His body is now full of bloodstains and many small holes have appeared on his body. It is obvious that he has been badly wounded.

“Ah ~~~~ Heaven, I am highly gifted and has even reached the Dongxu stage, why can’t I have just one of the 9 Swords? I did everything I could but in the end my secret was still discovered. Heaven wants to destroy me. I was wrong to hold on to something I shouldn’t!”

Cha Hong turns his face upwards and laughs like crazy. At this point, he already knows that he is done for.

A light flashes and the Purple Demon aquatic dragon also transforms into the human Di Tong. At the moment, Di Tong’s face is also very pale. The spikes on the back of a Purple Demon aquatic dragon cannot be shot out easily unless it is in great danger because shooting them out is especially harmful to the body.

“Still want to run?”

Di Tong immediately moves his body and penetrates the floor with a claw strike. A stream of demonic elemental energy rushes into the ground. In just a short while, that stream of demonic elemental energy breaks through the floor to rush out. Now it has coiled around a purple yuanying. Judging by appearance, this is Cha Hong’s yuanying.

“Humph, Cha Hong, you even wanted to run away with your yuanying by using that outburst of emotions to attract my attention.”

Holding Cha Hong’s yuanying in his left hand, Di Tong says with a cold laugh.

Cha Hong’s purple yuanying shows a terrified expression and says in a shrill voice: “Di Tong, my true body has been punctured in several vital points and basically can’t be used anymore. Now I can only form a loose immortal body to practice. Can you let me go this time?”

Right at this moment!

A green light beam unexpectedly shoots out from the purple yuanying. It is none other than the top-grade holy jade sword. Di Tong immediately feels an acute pain in his left hand. Cha Hong desperately controls the jade sword. In an instant, the bones in Di Tong’s left fingers are cut into pieces and his blood and fragments of his flesh are scattered around.

Cha Hong flies out extremely fast like a purple beam of light at once.

This is his last move!

“Die!”

An extremely furious Di Tong sends out a terrifying stream of demonic elemental energy, which sweeps across Cha Hong’s fleeing yuanying in an instant. His demonic elemental energy attacks Cha Hong’s yuanying fiercely. The yuanying gets a violent shock and the soul it is containing is immediately shattered.

Because Di Tong has just had a hand destroyed, he now shows absolutely no mercy.

Cha Hong was only at the Dongxu stage so it had not been long since he had been able to fuse his soul with his yuanying. Because the yuanying’s defense was really too weak, the soul was immediately shattered after that violent attack of Di Tong’s demonic elemental energy. Di Tong reaches out his right hand and catches Cha Hong’s yuanying with a grab. Now the yuanying no longer has a soul and is merely a crystal of energy. He sucks it in his spatial ring at once.

“Cha Hong, you even dared to destroy my hand.” Di Tong’s head is full of fury at the moment.

Unless he can achieve ascension, his body will not regenerate. But Cha Hong was already killed by him, how can he possibly revenge himself on Cha Hong anymore?

With a wave of Di Tong’s sleeve, the top-grade holy jade sword and Cha Hong’s storage bracelet fly into his hand. Only when Di Tong looks at the jade sword does he calm down a bit, but as soon as he turns around and sees Cha Hong’s corpse, his eyes are filled with anger again.

He opens his mouth and shoots a flame at Cha Hong’s body.

Even though Cha Hong’s soul has been shattered, Di Tong still wants to destroy the body to ease the hatred that has built up in him since his hand was cut into pieces.

“No good!”

When the flame has just come out of Di Tong’s mouth, his face changes color because at this moment can he feel an exceptionally concentrated and sharp force approaching him from behind at an extreme speed. His holy sense naturally finds out the enemy’s appearance. It is a black-robed stern young man.

This is none other than Qin Yu.

Golden threads of energy are flowing through all of the channels in his body, allowing him to flash through the air like a golden beam of light. From the pile of rubble that is several hundred meters away, he follows a mysterious trajectory and arrives at Di Tong’s back in an instant. His speed is shockingly fast.

Qin Yu clenches his teeth. His blue veins stick out. His eyes are full of killing intent!

“Break!”

Qin Yu’s left hand is wearing a Flaming Glove. At the same time, his golden stellar energy has been concentrated on its 5 fingers, making them look like gold fingers.

He forms a finger sword with his left hand and thrusts it at Di Tong’s back like lightning, wanting to penetrate the enemy’s body and grab the yuanying directly at one stroke. However, what kind of expert is Di Tong? He has detected Qin Yu instantly. It is only because Qin Yu’s speed is too fast that he has not been able to react.

Even though Di Tong’s left hand has been severed, his abundant experience allows him to make the optimal judgement.

He immediately lets go of the top-grade holy jade sword and the storage bracelet in his right hand. As they fall to the floor, Di Tong reaches his right hand out backwards without turning his head. A short spear appears in his hand at once. It is none other than that top-grade holy spear of his.

He can resize the spear at will. At the moment, it is only as short as a dagger. Holding this spear, Di Tong thrusts it at Qin Yu’s dantian. He wants to destroy Qin Yu’s dantian and yuanying directly!

“You want to kill me, but I’m going to kill you!”

Di Tong has become ruthless. When he is attacking, a purple layer of armor that every Purple Demon aquatic dragon has appears on the surface of his body. This purple layer of armor is formed from the scales of his Purple Demon aquatic dragon body so its defense is extremely powerful.

Attacking and defending at the same time, this is Di Tong’s instantaneous reaction.

Seeing this thrust coming, Qin Yu is greatly shocked.

Even though he does not have a yuanying, that shining meteor in his body is still his energy nucleus. If it is hit by this strike, what can he do when his energy suffers a huge loss? However, at this moment Qin Yu does not dodge in the least. Instead, he grabs at the spear with his right hand.

When the right hand, protected by a Flaming Glove, has just been reached out, the Flaming Sword appears in its palm.

Clang!

The Flaming Sword and the spear collide with each other. As Di Tong is in a desperate situation, this strike that he is performing with the spear carries a terrifying force. The spear is a top-grade holy weapon whereas the Flaming Sword is only a high-grade one so the Flaming Sword is shattered into countless fragments almost instantly!

Covered in a Flaming Glove and charged with a large amount of golden stellar energy, Qin Yu’s left hand’s finger sword thrusts at the purple armor like a golden meteor!

Bang!

Di Tong’s purple armor gets a shock but it is not shattered and only sustains small cracks. Di Tong cannot help giving a faint smile. Meanwhile, that spear smashes into the Flaming Glove on Qin Yu’s right hand.

After that finger sword attack, Qin Yu immediately changes the form of his left hand!

He straightens his left fingers and executes a spear hand strike, which has the most powerful penetrating force!

Bang!

The attacked area of the purple armor is completely broken into pieces. But at the same time, the Flaming Glove on Qin Yu’s right hand is also penetrated by the spear. Qin Yu unexpectedly changes the form of his left hand again, as if he does not feel any pain in his right hand!

He curls his left fingers up, forming a claw, and thrusts it into Di Tong’s body. But just about when his left hand begins to pierce through Di Tong’s body, Di Tong’s yuanying quietly enters the ground through a foot.

Bang!

Qin Yu’s right hand is penetrated by the spear, but his entire body still moves. At the same time, a golden thread of energy shoots into the ground from his left hand. After a moment, another area on the floor is shattered into pieces and a thread of energy flies out with yuanying coiled around by it.

That golden thread of energy then penetrates into the yuanying and destroys Di Tong’s soul directly.

Qin Yu reaches out his left hand to grab that yuanying but his whole back breaks into a cold sweat. The spear that pierced through his right hand remains motionless.

Too strong, this Purple Demon aquatic dragon was too strong.

It had fought the blood-red aquatic python before fighting Qin Yu, and was even using its human form. It should be known that in his human form, Di Tong was not as powerful as he was in his true form. Even so, Qin Yu was still in great danger when he suddenly launched a sneak attack on Di Tong.

“If he hadn’t been injured and had a hand cut off in the previous fight, if he had used 2 hands to attack me at the same time, perhaps it’d have been hard for me to kill him.” Thinking back, Qin Yu is frightened. Meteor stage experts should rely on speed to evade blows so he was really risking his life by sneakily attacking Di Tong in such a bold manner.

When that purple armor appeared, he was truly shocked. The armor’s defense was too frightening, but luckily Qin Yu reacted very fast and executed 3 strikes in quick succession.

He used a finger sword strike first then a spear hand strike and, lastly, a claw strike. His left hand basically did not stop for a moment. Only by attacking quickly 3 times in a row was he able to pierce into Di Tong’s body.

However, his right hand was still penetrated and is dripping a lot of blood.

“Though I used a sneak attack, the Flaming Sword was still destroyed, one Flaming Glove was damaged and my right hand was punctured.” Qin Yu lets out a long breath. But when he looks at the loot, he finds it difficult to hide the excitement on his face.

He has obtained a jade sword, which was the underlying cause of Cha Hong’s death. This is one of the legendary 9 Swords.

Another item he has obtained is Di Tong’s spear, a top-grade holy weapon.

Cha Hong’s storage bracelet is now his. Cha Hong was the Blood-red Cave’s master, so how can there possibly not be any treasures in this bracelet?

Di Tong’s spatial ring has also come into his possession. Judging from this item of storage alone, it is obvious that Di Tong was in a high position of power because not many Xiuzhenists in the overseas Xiuzhen world have a spatial ring. What are the things inside this ring?

Moreover, he has obtained Di Tong’s middle Dongxu stage yuanying and Cha Hong’s early Dongxu stage yuanying. To Qin Yu, these 2 yuanyings are more valuable than the other items. After all, real power is more important than treasures.

He immediately sucks everything in his own spatial ring.

“These corpses ...” Then, he looks at Cha Hong’s and Di Tong’s corpses and thinks for a while. Afterwards, he sucks these corpses in his spatial ring as well. When the bodies have been removed, even if someone else discovers the emptiness at this place, they will not be able to figure out what happened for some time.

Nearly half of the underground secret rooms have been destroyed but, due to the restrictive spell, nobody outside knows about this yet. After getting out of the secret floor, Qin Yu gently breaks the restrictive spell. He simply does not care what someone will think when they discover the battlefield at this place.

He then immediately uses his body-maneuvering skill. With the golden stellar energy running through his whole body, he rushes straight back to his courtyard house in the eastern part like a golden beam of light.

End of b5c32.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 33
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C33: 9 guardians

In Qin Yu’s courtyard house in the eastern part of the Blood-red Cave, Hou Fei is sitting with legs crossed on the floor, quietly guarding ‘Qin Yu’ in the room behind him. Even though he knew long ago that Qin Yu immediately slipped away after entering the room, because they had already talked this over before, naturally he has been acting as if Qin Yu has been inside all along.

Suddenly, he opens his eyes and looks at the silhouette that has just appeared before him.

“Big brother!” There is a hint of happiness on Hou Fei’s face at once.

But as soon as he sees Qin Yu’s right hand, his face cannot help changing color. Qin Yu’s right hand has been penetrated and there is now a horrifying hole in it. Qin Yu, whose face is slightly pale, hurriedly says: “Don’t ask too much, Fei Fei. Just follow me into the room.”

After saying, he goes straight into his room with just a shake of his body. Hou Fei also comes into the room at once doubtfully. At the same time, he waves his hands, setting up a restrictive spell around the room so that nobody outside can know what happens inside.

Right after entering the room, Qin Yu sits with legs crossed on his bed then lets out a long breath. He does not care about his penetrated right palm at all for the moment. When he fought Di Tong moments ago, life and death were decided in the blink of an eye. Only now, when he has returned to his own room, can he totally calm down.

“What happened, big brother?” Hou Fei hurriedly asks.

Qin Yu recalls what he has gained this time. He cannot help but smile: “Fei Fei, you have to spring into action when you should. You can’t be overcautious. Otherwise, you won’t even have time to regret when the opportunity slips away. If you want to make a profit, you must be willing to take a risk.”

Hou Fei is dumbfounded. He blinks his eyes and says doubtfully: “What do you mean, big brother?”

“Awesome, this is so awesome!”

Qin Yu does not answer. With a wave of his hand, 2 yuanyings appear and float before him. These yuanyings have lost their souls therefore they are now merely a kind of energy crystal. They also radiate an indistinct purple light.

Hou Fei’s fiery eyes brighten at once. 2 beams of light that seem solid shoot at the yuanyings.

“Such strong energy!” Hou Fei is astonished. “These are at least Dongxu stage yuanyings. When did you get them, big brother? They’ll be a big help to you.” He exclaims in admiration.

Qin Yu looks at Hou Fei, saying: “You’re right. But not only can they help me, they can help you and Xiao Hei too.” He has never thought of keeping them all for himself.

“One of these 2 yuanyings belonged to a middle Dongxu stage Purple Demon aquatic dragon. The other belonged to an early Dongxu stage blood-red aquatic python. They have quite a lot more energy than the yuanyings of ordinary Xiuxianists of the same levels. Cha Hong’s yuanying is already enough for me so you and Xiao Hei can refine Di Tong’s yuanying together.”

Hou Fei shakes his head: “Impossible. This yuanying of a middle Dongxu stage Purple Demon aquatic dragon has too much energy for me to absorb. After leaving the ravine, I made a little mental breakthrough when I was guarding you so my soul is only just enough to match the late Yuanying stage. Do you understand what I mean, big brother?”

Hou Fei is currently at the middle Yuanying stage in power but his soul has reached the late Yuanying stage.

He continues: “I can only absorb energy until I reach the late Yuanying stage at most. If I absorbed too much, my power level would surpass my spiritual level, which would very easily make my internal energy become uncontrollable, or even become chaotic. If it got serious, I would suffer energy deviation and my soul would be destroyed!”

Qin Yu also knows this very well.

The soul is the foundation. Even though his mental control is so strong, if his energy exceeds his ability to control it, firstly, unlike when it is insufficient, he will have difficulty keeping it in check during a battle, and secondly, it can become chaotic.

“I know this. But you’ve been at the middle Yuanying stage for a long time. If you want to reach the late phase, you’ll only have to refine a portion of the yuanying. As for Xiao Hei ...” As soon as Qin Yu thinks about Xiao Hei, he takes out a transmitter.

Seeing Qin Yu take out the transmitter, Hou Fei knows that he is messaging Xiao Hei.

“Xiao Hei, keep waiting for some time. After I have dealt with the matters in the Blood-red Cave, I’m going to tell you to come through a message. Right, I got a Dongxu stage yuanying. How much energy can you absorb?” Qin Yu is also doubtful about Xiao Hei’s absorption capacity.

In just a while, Xiao Hei replies with a message.

“Dongxu stage? Did you kill some big shot, big brother? It can’t be that lowlife Cha Hong, right? As for how much I can absorb, I’ve undergone that forbidden technique and had my body transformed drastically so my current progress in practice is much faster than before, including the progress of my soul. But ... it’s been a very short time since I could improve so fast. Now my soul is only at around the early Yuanying stage. I don’t dare to absorb energy anymore.” Qin Yu does not know what to do after receiving Xiao Hei’s reply.

In the overseas Xiuyao world, there are Xiuyaoists who refine jindans and yuanyings, but the real experts do not dare to let their power levels surpass their spiritual levels. Both Hou Fei and Hei Yu know that Qin Yu is willing to let them absorb a yuanying he obtained, but they do not dare to bite off more than they can chew.

In the past, even though Lei Wei was able to kill enemies of higher power levels, he did not dare to absorb yuanyings casually also because his spiritual level improved slowly.

There are different ways of improving power. The first is to gather various kinds of precious herbs to concoct power-up pills. There are a few problems that lie at the root of this way, namely, it is rather difficult to find precious herbs and the producing methods are fairly complicated.

The 2nd is to refine and absorb other Xiuzhenists’ jindans and yuanyings.

But it is difficult to improve the soul rapidly. At least there have never been any known methods for raising the spiritual level suddenly. Therefore, not many Xiuzhenists refine others’ jindans or yuanyings. After all, a Xiuzhenist will only dare to absorb more energy when they have reached a spiritual level high enough for this.

“But I’m staying in the ravine, big brother. When I listen to Miss Li’er’s zither music, I feel my soul improve very fast. Perhaps it will reach the middle Yuanying stage soon. At that time I’m going to come to find you.” Hei Yu says through his transmitter.

“Good, I also got many things to deal with in the Blood-red Cave for the moment.”

Qin Yu and Xiao Hei then stop communicating.

“Fei Fei, this is the middle Dongxu stage yuanying. Your power level is higher than mine so you should refine part of it first.” Qin Yu himself is in no hurry. Instead, he lets Hou Fei refine a yuanying first. Hou Fei does not decline either and sits down with legs crossed immediately.

He opens his mouth. A flame is shot out at once and enfolds Di Tong’s yuanying.

Burnt by the flame, the yuanying gradually melts. Various purple streams of liquid flow out from it then fuse with Hou Fei’s body. In terms of refining speed, Hou Fei is at least 10 times faster than Qin Yu, who is quietly keeping guard on one side.

After a half day,

About 20% of the yuanying has been refined. Hou Fei, who is sitting with legs crossed, suddenly opens his fiery eyes, sending out a brilliant light.

With a sweep of his holy sense, Qin Yu discovers that Hou Fei has reached the late Yuanying stage. He immediately says smilingly: “Congratulations, congratulations, you’ve reached the late Yuanying stage. Perhaps now you could even fight that Purple Demon aquatic dragon Di Tong.”

Very excited, Hou Fei says with strange laughter: “Di Tong? He was at the middle Dongxu stage but his true form was a Purple Demon aquatic dragon so he was much stronger than Xiuxianists of the same level. I must’ve been no match for him before, but now, kaka ~~~”

He looks very contented.

“You should start practicing quickly, big brother. I really don’t know how your soul can improve so fast. If the level of my soul was as high as yours, I would’ve refined the entire yuanying without a break.” Looking at Qin Yu, Hou Fei cannot help praising him.

Qin Yu gives a smile.

The Meteoric Tear, even now he still knows absolutely nothing about it and cannot even control it to do anything. It has sent out different kinds of energy all by itself. He was very lucky to obtain this treasure. Or it can also be said that he was ‘destined’ to get the Meteoric Tear.

“Alright, Fei Fei, stand guard outside for me. I want to absorb this yuanying with my entire concentration!”

Di Tong’s yuanying, 20% of whose energy has been absorbed by Hou Fei, then starts to be refined and absorbed again by Qin Yu. By now his soul has reached the early Dongxu stage. In fact, even Qin Yu himself is amazed by the high speed at which his spiritual level has improved too.

However ...

Is Qin Yu the only one whose soul can improve fast?

After Xiao Hei underwent his forbidden technique, his soul has leveled up extremely fast too. In just several years, he has already reached the early Yuanying stage from the early Jindan stage. And when a Xiuzhenist has a momentary experience of intuitive enlightenment, it is very usual for their spiritual level to improve rapidly and suddenly.

But moments of insight come randomly and are totally beyond a Xiuzhenist’s control whereas Qin Yu’s soul improves steadily all the time.

From now on, he begins to refine the yuanying with no worries in his own room, disregarding whatever happens outside. Hou Fei keeps guard near the room, determined to stop anyone who wants to go into it.

......

In the northern part of the Blood-red Cave,

Even though half of the secret rooms under the artificial mountain have been destroyed, because they are built underground, everything on the ground seems to have remained completely unchanged. The only visible change is that the mouth of the cave leading to the secret floor has been broken into pieces.

But that cave faces towards the inside of the artificial mountain so no one will see this without looking carefully.

Even the guards of the Blood-red Cave have to go around these underground secret rooms every time they patrol to here. The reason for this is an order given by cave master Cha Hong. In the past Cha Hong usually stayed in a secret room trying to open the black jade case so he naturally did not want this place approached by anyone.

It has been more than a half day since Qin Yu broke the restrictive spell to come back to his room. There have been several tens patrol sessions during this period of time but because those guards have to bypass the artificial mountain, they simply have not noticed that the cave leading to the secret floor has been destroyed.

Another squad is currently on patrol. The squad leader is very large and muscular with eyes as big as copper bells. At the moment, he is looking around with his wide opened bull eyes. But he suddenly stops.

“What’s happened, leader Xuan Kui? Why did you stop?” A short, stout guard asks.

Xuan Kui, however, looks at the artificial mountain in disbelief. In fact, because all of the guard squads on patrol have to go around this place whereas that entrance to the secret floor faces inwardly, the place that Xuan Kui is standing on is the only place on the patrolling route from which a small part of the entrance can be seen. If he moves away from this place a bit, that entrance will no longer be visible to him at all.

“Follow me!”

Squad leader Xuan Kui shouts loudly and rushes extremely fast towards the artificial mountain.

“Leader, the patrolling route doesn’t allow us to go through that place.” That short stout guard hurriedly calls. But Xuan Kui, who has come near the artificial mountain, suddenly shouts: “This is bad! The entrance to the secret floor has been destroyed! Quickly go inform the guardians!”

The entrance to the secret floor has been destroyed?

There is immediately a clamor among the guards at the scene. They all understand the seriousness of this incident. If nobody had gone through the entrance illegitimately, why would it have been destroyed? All of the guards then leave extremely fast at once to tell the guardians about this.

Holding a broadax, squad leader Xuan Kui stares into the entrance. The ground of the passage connecting to it is currently covered in countless pieces of rocky debris.

“What’s happened, Xuan Kui?” Zhuang Zhong is the first to hurry to this place. He immediately shouts to squad leader Xuan Kui, who is a guard directly under his control. Xuan Kui hurriedly bows and says: “I don’t know either. I discovered this situation only moments ago and immediately sent the guards to inform you and the other guardians.”

In a while, the 3 black turtle brothers, the 2 tiger shark brothers, the 2 snake sisters and Teng Bi also come.

“Where are guardian Hou Fei and guardian Liu Xing?” Yan Qing says doubtfully.

Zhuang Zhong says smilingly: “Little sister Yan Qing, it seems guardian Liu Xing has been doing closed-door training again for a half month. Guardian Hou Fei has been watching over him. Perhaps guardian Liu Xing hasn’t finished his training yet.” After talking to each other, the 9 guardians go into the entrance.

Seeing the broken stones in the entrance, they all have a bad feeling.

They go along the sloping passage to enter the underground secret floor. But as soon as they enter the secret floor, they all look at the scene in front of them with popping eyes.

Various secret rooms have been destroyed completely. Their rubble has been swept to the edge, leaving behind a large empty area that is 600 to 700 m in both length and width in the middle of the remaining secret rooms. The fragments of the destroyed rooms’ walls have all been piled up around this area.

“Look! There’s a bloodstain!” The snake woman Xi Yan points to a place in this empty area and shouts.

The other 8 guardians also look in the direction she is pointing. There is indeed a huge bloodstain, which was created when the blood-red aquatic python and the Purple Demon aquatic dragon were fighting each other.

“That deep mark should have been made when a huge python swung its tail and hit the floor.” Teng Bi points to a deep mark on the floor and says coldly.

The 3 Ba black turtle brothers, the 2 tiger sharks, Wu Tong and Wu Feng, the 2 snake women, Yan Qing and Xi Yan, Zhuang Zhong and Teng Bi, 9 guardians in total, carefully examine the scene. They can certainly conclude that a fierce battle took place here.

Moreover, one of the main participants was very likely to be Cha Hong, who was doing closed-door training in this place.

The 9 guardians look at each other. A fierce battle happened here but they knew nothing. Now they do not even know if Cha Hong is dead or alive. This incident coupled with Cha Po’s death some time ago gives them a bad feeling.

“Go! Let’s see if cave master’s soul jade slip is still intact!”

The most powerful among them, Teng Bi, shouts an order. The 9 guardians leave the secret floor at once and head for the room in which everyone’s soul jade slip is put. This room is checked once every day by someone and is also guarded on the outside.

As the 2 guards see the 9 guardians arriving together, they are immediately shocked.

“Sirs! Madams!” They get down on one knee and say.

Teng Bi looks at the 2 guards. Yan Qing shouts impatiently in a lovely voice: “You two quickly open the door.” This room’s door is closed with a restrictive spell so she and the others do not dare to force it open. They have no choice but to order those guards to open it.

“Yes, Madam.”

A guard stands up and shoots several streams of demonic elemental energy at the door. A blue light flashes and the door slowly opens automatically.

When it has been opened, from outside, the 9 guardians all look at the old-wood counter in the center of the room on which every soul jade slip is put. And by now, the soul jade slip in the highest position has already shattered into tiny bits. That soul jade slip belongs to Cha Hong!

The 9 guardians’ faces change color greatly.

Cha Hong is already dead!

End of b5c33.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 5 34
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B5C34: New cave master

Seeing that Cha Hong’s soul jade slip has broken into pieces, they all know what this means!

Cave master Cha Hong is dead!

The Blood-red Cave has become a group without a leader. For the moment, basically nobody cares who Cha Hong’s killer is. Even if they were to investigate, what would they possibly achieve? How can these guardians deal with someone who was able to kill Cha Hong? Now, the thing that needs to be done is to choose a new cave master!

The looks on the 9 guardians’ faces begin to change irregularly.

The 3 black turtle brothers, with Ba Ming being the eldest, look at each other. Wu Feng and his brother Wu Tong, Yan Qing and her sister Xi Yan, Teng Bi, and Zhuang Zhong also have their own ideas.

“Everybody, now cave master is already dead, and we don’t even have a clue about the killer. But judging from the battlefield on the underground secret floor, it can be concluded that they fought cave master head-on. And both sides even switched to their true forms,” says Ba Ming, the big brother among the 3 black turtles.

Wu Feng nods: “That’s right. To be able to kill cave master openly, the killer must’ve reached the Dongxu stage at least!”

“Oh my, Dongxu stage, you put it too simply. There are only a few Dongxu stage experts in the territory of the Nine Demons Hall. Why did someone who has reached this level want to kill our cave master?” Yan Qing says ambiguously. “Even cave master was killed, what can we do as guardians?”

Teng Bi says coldly: “Retreating without trying, that’s too gutless.”

Zhuang Zhong, however, says with a smile: “Boss Teng, you’re very powerful and about to reach the Dongxu stage so you can put up a fight against the killer, but we will have absolutely no chance. Now, the most important thing isn’t to seek revenge but to choose a new leader, that is, a new cave master.”

After he said this, the other guardians’ eyes all brighten.

What they said just now is just rubbish. Selecting a new leader is the most urgent thing to do.

“The new cave master must at least have convincing power. I think if boss Teng becomes cave master, the rest of us will definitely endorse him. Given boss Teng’s power, perhaps only cave master Cha Hong could defeat him.” Ba Ming says smilingly.

The snake woman Xi Yan immediately says with a flirtatious smile: “Boss Teng’s power is beyond doubt. If he becomes cave master, we sisters will definitely be the first to follow his orders.”

Wu Tong also says: “We’ve got no objection. It’s common practice for whoever is the strongest to become cave master. Boss Teng is more powerful than us brothers so we certainly won’t hinder his becoming cave master.” He has declared his and his brother Wu Feng’s stand on the matter.

Zhuang Zhong gives a couple of coughs and says smilingly: “Everybody knows the rule that the strongest will become cave master. Boss Teng is stronger than us so we won’t have any objections to his becoming cave master. But this doesn’t mean that the other guardians will have no objection. We shouldn’t forget that 2 guardians haven’t come yet.”

Teng Bi is not eager to become cave master, but he does not refuse to become cave master either.

If he becomes the leader, he will be able to order his subordinates as he pleases, which will certainly feel better than being a mere guardian. Teng Bi craves personal power so he will not mind even if he cannot become cave master. However, whoever wants to contend for this position will have to defeat him.

“That’s right. There are still 2 other guardians. Guardian Hou Fei almost fought cave master in the main hall last time. It’s hard to say how powerful he really is. And his big brother is so mysterious. He definitely isn’t as simple as he looks.” Yan Qing also says.

At the moment, these guardians are all thinking about who will become cave master, totally ignoring Cha Hong’s death. Cha Hong is already dead. The 3 brothers, Cha Hong, Cha Po and Cha Ge, have become a thing of the past so the guardians no longer care about them and also do not want to avenge them. Most importantly, these guardians do not dare to seek revenge for their deaths.

Teng Bi says with an ice-cold expression: “It’s pointless to talk too much. Let’s go straight to guardian Liu Xing’s house. Everybody should go together. We’ll decide who will be cave master right there whether by fighting it out or doing something else. Is this okay?”

“Good idea. Let’s go together, everybody.” Yan Qing says with ringing laughter.

Immediately, the 9 guardians fly straight to Qin Yu’s courtyard house in the eastern part together. The Blood-red Cave is not very large to them and their speed is fast so it takes them only moments to reach Qin Yu’s courtyard house.

3 ladies-in-waiting are chatting with each other outside the house. They behave respectfully as soon as they see the 9 guardians land together.

“Sirs, madams, our lord is still doing closed-door training. He already gave us the order not to let anyone come in.” A green-clad lady-in-waiting hurriedly says. These girls remember Qin Yu’s order very clearly.

Guardian Teng Bi frowns. The other guardians seem to feel irritated as well.

They want to quickly decide who will become the new cave master but guardian Liu Xing is unexpectedly doing closed-door training and does not even let anyone enter.

“All of you get out of the way. We guardians come here together this time certainly because of an important matter.” Wu Feng shouts at the 3 ladies-in-waiting. Seeing his ferocious expression, they are so frightened that they move aside. As mere ladies-in-waiting, how could they possibly dare to block these guardians?

One by one, the 9 guardians go through the gate to enter the courtyard house.

Hou Fei is sitting with legs crossed just outside the door of the hall. Obviously he is blocking the way leading to Qin Yu’s room. Even though the 9 guardians have come into the house, he keeps sitting with legs crossed and eyes closed. He basically does not move at all.

The 9 guardians stand in a straight line. Seeing what happening before their eyes, they look at each other.

“Guardian Hou Fei, cave master Cha Hong is already dead. These guardians and I have been discussing who will assume the role of new cave master. Therefore we have come here to find the two of you. After all, one can only officially become cave master if they are approved by every guardian.”

Zhuang Zhong says in a loud and clear voice.

Hearing what he said, Hou Fei opens his eyes, from which 2 seemingly solid beams of light shoot out. Those light beams slowly sweep across every guardian. They alone put these guardians under a huge pressure.

Not even Teng Bi can keep his face from changing color when he feels the oppressiveness of the light beams.

“Congratulations, guardian Hou Fei,” says Teng Bi. He has a feeling that if he had fought Hou Fei before, he would have had a chance of winning, but now he stands no chance. However ... he still wants to have a fight with Hou Fei.

This is just like how he wanted to fight Cha Hong before.

“Oh my, guardian Hou Fei has unexpectedly made a breakthrough. Looks like this battle will be even more awesome. With such a big improvement in power, perhaps guardian Hou Fei will become the new cave master.” Yan Qing says laughingly, but Hou Fei only smiles.

“I won’t become the new cave master.” He finally utters.

Everyone is startled.

Ba Ming, the eldest of the 3 black turtle brothers, immediately says: “Guardian Hou Fei, it seems you are being modest. Or perhaps you’re not confident you can defeat boss Teng? This is impossible. At that time you weren’t even afraid of cave master. Now your power has improved greatly, why should you be unconfident?”

The other guardians also say that Hou Fei is being modest.

“I’ll be the new vice master!” Hou Fei says another sentence.

Everyone is startled again.

After pondering on Hou Fei’s words, the 9 guardians eventually understand his meaning. Who can be vice masters? In general, only a cave master’s brothers can become vice masters. And who is Hou Fei’s brother? Of course, he is that mysterious guardian Liu Xing.

“Guardian Hou Fei, what you said is wrong. Even if you were stronger, even if you are more powerful than all the other guardians, while you can become cave master, this doesn’t mean that guardian Liu Xing can. The cave master position is to be taken with power and not to be given to someone else!” Yan Qing says with a little dissatisfaction.

Hou Fei gives a ha-ha laugh but says nothing.

“Guardian Liu Xing is pretty strong, but if he wants to become cave master, he’ll have to defeat me at least.” Teng Bi says coldly.

He admires strong individuals. If someone weak only relies on their own brother to become cave master, he definitely will not accept this and will not take orders from them. Not only him, the other guardians also have this opinion.

In the Xiuzhen world, everything depends on individual power!

“Oh, looks like you want to fight my big brother?” Hou Fei gives a strange smile. “Don’t worry. My big brother is practicing but he’ll come out in 2 to 4 hours. You can use this period of time to prepare yourself.”

Teng Bi, however, looks at Hou Fei and says in an ice-cold voice: “Prepare myself? He poses no threat to me. I want to challenge you first!”

“Challenge me?” Hou Fei is startled.

The other guardians all burst out laughing. Ba Ming says with incitement: “You should accept the challenge, guardian Hou Fei. Boss Teng is very powerful. The 2 of you are the 2 strongest guardians. It’ll definitely be very awesome if you fight each other.”

Yan Qing, Xi Yan, Wu Tong, Wu Feng and every other guardian all look at Hou Fei and Teng Bi.

Hou Fei looks at everybody. Only after thinking for a while does he say unwillingly: “Alright. You attack first.” Holding a black stick, he stands at his place in a totally careless manner and gives Teng Bi an unconcerned look.

Teng Bi reaches out his 2 fists. Various silvery rays of light radiate from them.

“Good! Watch out!” At the moment Teng Bi is full of fighting spirit. He can feel Hou Fei’s pressure on him but it only makes him even more excited. His eyes gradually redden. He suddenly opens his fists, forming 2 claws.

With a movement of his body, Teng Bi turns into a blur and arrives at Hou Fei’s face instantly.

Hou Fei moves his right arm. The black stick, which originally is not moving, immediately smashes into Teng Bi’s blur head-on at a frighteningly fast speed like a black flash. With a bang, Teng Bi is sent flying.

Absolutely no resistance!

The other guardians are dumbfounded because Teng Bi has been an absolutely formidable expert in their eyes for so many years and is even approaching the Dongxu stage. But they simply do not know that late Yuanying stage Hou Fei is actually comparable to ordinary late Dongxu stage Xiuzhenists.

The gap in power between them is too great!

Teng Bi’s body stops after flying several tens meters. He then flies back and lands beside the other guardians.

“Guardian Hou Fei is really powerful. I admit defeat.” Teng Bi has no dismay at all. But he continues: “I have a feeling that you should be even stronger than cave master Cha Hong. If you want to become cave master, I’ll certainly have no objection. But if guardian Liu Xing doesn’t have enough power to convince everybody, I definitely won’t accept him as cave master.”

Hou Fei gives a kaka laugh: “You fool. If you want to get a taste of my big brother’s power, that’s okay. Just wait for a while. Alright, don’t waste your time. Just now that strike of my stick already caused you some injuries. You should treat them quickly. When you become healthy, my big brother will also come out.”

Teng Bi nods then immediately sits down with legs crossed and starts to practice.

The other guardians are secretly shocked by Hou Fei’s power. Seeing him have such confidence in Qin Yu, they also begin to feel curious about Qin Yu’s power. To these guardians, Qin Yu is indeed fairly mysterious.

Hou Fei, however, laughs inwardly: “Don’t look down on my big brother. Now there is very little time so he’ll only be able to reach the middle Meteor stage in a while. If he had several days, he’d reach the late Meteor stage. At that time, to defeat him, even I would have to use berserk mode to fight. But perhaps big brother can already surpass Cha Hong at the middle Meteor stage!”

Just now Hou Fei said that he wanted to become vice master because Qin Yu had immediately told him to through his holy sense after hearing what the 9 guardians had said.

To become cave master, Qin Yu certainly has to personally show his power!

Inside his room, Qin Yu is sitting with legs crossed and being enfolded in many golden rays of light. That purple yuanying has no longer been refined. At the moment Qin Yu is at a critical juncture -- reaching the middle phase of the Meteor stage from the early phase.

In his dantian,

A great number of silvery grains in the seemingly boundless space of the dantian have formed a blurry nebula that is spinning extremely fast. There is a golden bead about the size of a quail egg in the center of the nebula. Various golden rays of light are shooting out from it nonstop.

Clack!

Following a crisp noise, that golden bead unexpectedly splits into 3 parts, which then become 3 golden grains. When the 3 golden grains have become spherical, they begin to revolve and affect each other. The Stellar Flame is at the center of the 3 golden grains.

As the golden bead broke into 3 pieces, countless silvery grains also split in half. Immediately, the number of silvery grains was doubled.

After a while, calmness is restored in Qin Yu’s dantian.

He opens his eyes. With a faint smile on the corners his mouth, he says in a loud and clear voice: “Please get ready, guardian Teng Bi. I’m about to attack.”

In the courtyard,

Qin Yu’s voice resounds through the air. Every guardian can hear it clearly. The 3 black turtle brothers, the 2 snake women, Wu Tong and Wu Feng, and Zhuang Zhong focus their attention to observe at once. Teng Bi, whose minor injuries have already healed, also begins to concentrate his energy.

The aura around Teng Bi is fierce at the moment. His entire body’s energy has risen to its limit. He is fully prepared to attack Qin Yu with his most powerful strike anytime.

Suddenly --

A golden blur shoots out from inside the room at a frighteningly fast speed. Teng Bi can feel clearly that it has Qin Yu’s aura so he throws a fierce punch immediately. However, before this punch can be fully executed, his body is knocked away.

He is sent flying more than 100 m like a sandbag. His blood even spurts out.

Only now can everybody see clearly that Qin Yu is standing at Teng Bi’s original place.

“What a frightening speed!” The eyes of every guardian pop out of their head. Even Hou Fei is startled as well. When Qin Yu was still at the early Meteor stage, his speed was already able to amaze Hou Fei. Now his speed has become even more terrifying.

At the Meteor stage, he has to rely on his speed and highly concentrated golden stellar energy to fight.

“My fellow guardians, do you still have any objections to my big brother becoming cave master and me becoming vice master?” Hou Fei says smilingly to the shocked guardians, including Teng Bi, who has just frown back seriously injured with a face full of disbelief.

Black-robed Qin Yu sweeps his eyes over the guardians. Seeing their reactions, he slightly curves the corners of his mouth up. He already knows what they are thinking.

......

In the place where the soul jade slips of the Nine Demons Hall are put,

A specifically assigned Xiuyaoist comes here to check once every day to see if any members of the Nine Demons Hall have died. Now is today’s checking time. The leader of a guard squad opens the restrictive spell and enters the room.

The soul jade slips are put on a multi-level counter. The highest level has 9 jade slips. They represent the 9 majesties of the Nine Demons Hall.

As a matter of routine, the squad leader takes a look at the highest level because the 9 majesties’ soul jade slips are put there. Suddenly ... his pupils dilate. With a shocked expression, he stares at that top level in stupefaction.

He sees that the 8th soul jade slip on that level has already shattered.

“8th Majesty is dead!”

His face goes miserably pale. Afterwards, he wakes up and immediately rushes to Great Majesty Di Long’s place at his fastest speed like a beam of light. The squad leader does not know who killed 8th Majesty, but he can anticipate the other majesties’ fury and the killer’s fate!

End of b5c34.

End of book 5.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Book 6: The Nine Demons Hall

B6C1: Nine Demons Hall’s fury

In an enormous mountain range at the bottom of the ocean with a great number of ravines, many beautiful and magnificent buildings have been constructed successively on the mountain peaks, or on the mountainsides, or on the flat ground. At first glance, there are tens of thousands of buildings and very many Xiuyaoists coming and going at any time.

Heaven knows how much more flourishing than the Blood-red Ridge this place is.

The massive Nine Demons Hall is built on a mountain in the center of this huge underwater mountain range. The other mountains appear small to anyone who views from the Nine Demons Hall. None of the other buildings is at a greater height than it is. And it occupies an extraordinarily large area.

The Nine Demons Hall as a whole forms a Twelve Capital Gates formation. 12 palaces are built on the 12 formation eyes. There are various gardens, courtyard houses, multi-storied buildings and so on in any of the palaces. The guards of the entire Nine Demons Hall have reached a shocking number of several tens thousand.

It can be said that the Nine Demons Hall alone is comparable to the whole Blood-red Ridge in terms of numbers of Xiuyaoists.

In Di Long Palace of the Nine Demons Hall, where Great Majesty Di Long lives,

Dressed in a purple robe, Di Long is sitting casually in a chair, slowly drinking the wine in his cup. He appears to be enjoying himself very much. Even though he is relaxing, his body still naturally gives off an oppressive air.

After he has finished a cup, a beautiful lady-in-waiting on one side immediately fills it for him.

“Life is endless, and one should enjoy every moment of it as much as he likes. Girls, do you think what I said is right?” Di Long strokes his hard beard then casually asks the 2 beautiful ladies-in-waiting beside him.

The lovely-looking one of them hurriedly says: “What Great Majesty said is true. Great Majesty is brilliant.”

Di Long nods his head in satisfaction.

The brows of the 2 ladies-in-waiting have been beaded with sweat. This Great Majesty is very eccentric and lordly. If their answer had not satisfied him, perhaps they would have suffered the fate of ... Just thinking about this makes them shudder. When Di Long is enjoying his fine wine,

“Great Majesty, Great Majesty, something bad happened! Something bad happened!” Suddenly there are shouts outside Di Long Palace.

Di Long frowns. His eyes flash with coldness.

“Who’s that? This is Di Long Palace. Trespassers will be killed on the spot!” The chief guard of Di Long Palace shouts.

The squad leader, who has just rushed to this place, stops abruptly. His heart trembles. Just now, after knowing that 8th Majesty is dead, he was so terrified that he unexpectedly forgot the Nine Demons Hall’s rules. Entering any of the 12 palaces without permission is punished by death!

“Great Majesty, I am the squad leader in charge of the soul jade slips ...”

“Let him come in!”

As soon as Di Long hears the words ‘soul jade slips’, his heart trembles. The leader of the guards who protect the soul jade slips has come here with such tenseness so something serious must have happened. Hearing the order, the squad leader goes into Di Long Palace at once.

“Say, what’s happened actually?” Di Long says coldly.

The squad leader suddenly gets down on one knee. Beads of sweat begin to stand out on his face. He says in a frightened manner: “Great Majesty, something bad happened. Today, when I went to check the soul jade slips, I discovered that ... discovered that ...” He becomes stuttering and even feels that his throat has dried.

“Say it quickly and clearly, or else I’ll kill you right away!” Seeing the squad leader unable to say the most important sentence completely, Di Long cannot help getting furious.

The squad leader takes a hard swallow then says: “8th Majesty, it is 8th Majesty.”

“What happened to 8th Majesty? Don’t talk nonsense. You can’t talk nonsense about this matter. Be careful or your soul will be destroyed!” Di Long suddenly stands up and shouts angrily. He has already made a guess, but he is unwilling to believe his own guess.

“8th Majesty is dead. His soul jade slip has shattered.” The squad leader is frightened. “Great Majesty, I absolutely do not lie. I saw this with my own eyes.”

Di Long’s face immediately turns pale.

In an instant, he remembers how the 9 little aquatic dragons relied on each other to struggle for survival when they were young. Their lives were constantly in danger at that time but they united to either kill and steal goods or eat other demonic beasts.

The 9 brothers always helped each other kill one enemy after another. They walked over the dead bodies of many to ascend to higher positions of power.

Eventually, after several millennia, the 9 aquatic dragons overcame the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation and transformed into humans. At the same time, they also became one of the 3 superpowers of the underwater Xiuyao world. In the Nine Demons Hall, the 9 brothers are addressed as ‘majesties’ and equal to each other. Majesty Di Long is the most powerful but he is only one of the majesties rather than the hall master!

Because they are 9 blood brothers, the affection they have for each other is immeasurably deep.

“8th brother!” Di Long’s deep voice rises. His eyes begin to redden.

“Ah ~~~~” He suddenly raises his arms and growls like crazy in anguish.

His raging energy surges forth from him in all directions violently. The 2 ladies-in-waiting behind him are immediately blown to pieces without being able to put up any resistance. The kneeling squad leader hurriedly dodges but one of his legs is still destroyed.

In the blink of an eye, Di Long Palace is splattered with blood.

“Di Qing, Di Xu, Di Yang, Di Feng, Di Jian, Di Luan, Di Nai, the 7 of you immediately come to the place of the soul jade slips.” Di Long suddenly shouts coldly. His voice resounds through the entire Nine Demons Hall unceasingly.

Di Long himself whistles through the air, heading straight to where the soul jade slips are kept.

The soul jade slips are put inside a multi-storied building, which has been frequented by only few, who are the guards responsible for protecting the soul jade slips. The 9 majesties have seldom come here but now various purple beams of light descend to this place from the air.

Each light beam turns out to be a man. In an instant, 8 majesties have landed outside the building where the soul jade slips are kept.

The other 7 majesties look at each other. They all have a bad feeling. In a normal situation, their big brother Di Long will always call them very enthusiastically 2nd brother, 3rd brother and so on, but just now he called them by their real names.

“Big brother, what’s happened?” The 2nd brother Di Qing hurriedly asks.

“Big brother, did you call us to this place because someone has died? But those subordinates are already dead, why did you still tell us to come? Is this worth doing?” The 4th brother Di Yang curls his lips and says. Suddenly, he seems to figure out something and his face changes color: “Big brother, could it be ...”

Di Long has a frighteningly unpleasant expression at the moment. He throws a kick. His powerful demonic elemental energy tears the restrictive spell apart directly.

Bang!

The door of the building is shattered. All of the 8 majesties can see clearly that the 8th soul jade slip on the top level has already broken into pieces. When the other 7 majesties see this, their faces change color almost at the same time.

Wrath, killing intent, agony ...

In a while, their expressions have changed completely. Their hearts are in crushing agony and their killing intent has risen to the skies. Now, outside the building where the soul jade slips are put, all of the 8 majesties are filled with killing intent. They give off a terrifying pressure that covers the entire Nine Demons Hall.

For several thousand years, the 9 brothers have always helped each other. They are extremely cruel and merciless to enemies and do not bat an eyelid when killing enemies but their brotherhood is so deep that they can sacrifice themselves for each other.

“Tell us, big brother. Who killed 8th brother? Who? I’m going to tear him to shreds!” Di Xu growls at Di Long. His eyes have become very red and his whole body has begun to tremble.

Di Long, however, remains silent.

“Who? Who killed my 8th brother? I’ll definitely avenge his death. I’m going to take revenge for 8th brother!” The 2nd brother Di Qing cannot suppress the fury in his heart either.

The 8 remaining majesties of the Nine Demons Hall are all itching to eat the killer’s flesh and drink their blood. But Great Majesty Di Long, who is being questioned by his brothers, has not got a clue about the killer. He knew that his 8th brother is dead just a moment ago too.

In the 90 million li radius territory of the Nine Demons Hall, who can kill a middle Dongxu stage Purple Demon aquatic dragon?

“Big brother.” A cold voice rises. This is none other than the 6th brother Di Jian.

When it comes to power, among the 9 Purple Demon aquatic dragon brothers, the big brother Di Long ranks first and has reached the late Dongxu stage. The 8th brother Di Tong ranked 3rd and had reached the middle Dongxu stage. And the one that ranks 2nd is the 6th brother Di Jian, who is often relatively reserved and has also reached the late Dongxu stage!

“Tell me who the killer is. I’m going to capture and bring him back!” The cold look in Di Jian’s glittering eyes is like an icy arrow.

The other brothers all understand his meaning. Why should they kill? They should capture and bring the killer back then slowly make him suffer a fate worse than death through tortures. They will force the killer through various cruel tortures so that he would rather be killed than be kept alive. Only then will they feel satisfied.

Di Long takes a look at his brothers, who are full of killing intent at the moment, and says powerlessly with a shake of his head: “The killer? For the moment I don’t know who he is either. Everybody knows how powerful 8th brother was. Who could possibly kill him? But I know one thing, 2 years ago I sent him to infiltrate the Blood-red Cave because of one of the 9 Swords. Now an accident has happened to him so it should have something to do with the Blood-red Cave.”

“The Blood-red Cave?” The 2nd brother Di Qing frowns. “Its master Cha Hong is pretty strong, but he’s no match for 8th brother.”

Di Jian says coldly: “Why talk so much? Let’s go to the Blood-red Cave for an investigation first. We’ll definitely find out some clues. If we can’t find the killer, then ... anyone there can be the killer so we’ll kill them all!” The look in Di Jian’s eyes is piercingly cold.

Their brother has been killed so they shall not let this matter pass.

None of the other brothers disagrees with Di Jian’s words. Their eyes even glitter with frightening killing intent.

To them, even all the other experts in the whole underwater world of Xiuyaoists put together cannot compare to their 8th brother alone. Whoever dared to kill their brother is their enemy.

Di Long immediately gives an order: “Very well. 8th brother had reached the middle Dongxu stage so the killer must be at the Dongxu stage at a minimum. And not many Xiuyaoists in the entire underwater world have reached the Dongxu stage. But ... massacre is the last resort. We should investigate first. Only when we can’t find the killer will we carry it out. Brothers, who want to go to the Blood-red Cave to investigate?!”

“You should guard the Nine Demons Hall, big brother. I’ll go.” Di Jian says coldly.

The other brothers also secretly agree with him. In terms of power, this frosty Di Jian is absolutely just below his big brother. Moreover, some brothers have even suspected that he has surpassed their big brother. After all, both Di Jian and Di Long are late Dongxu stage experts.

Since Di Jian will personally get into action, everybody feels relaxed.

“I’ll go too.” The 2nd brother Di Qing also says.

The 7th brother Di Luan also says: “I’ll go with you as well. I want to see who killed my 8th brother.” He is seething with killing intent.

Seeing that the other brothers all want to go investigate, Di Long immediately says: “6th brother, 2nd brother and 7th brother will go together. This is already enough. Perhaps nobody can kill the 3 of them. The other brothers guard the Nine Demons Hall with me.”

When Di Jian and the other two join forces, their offense is indeed very powerful. Perhaps only Azure Dragon, the overlord of the Azure Dragon Palace, and the old freak Three-Eyed of the Blue Water Mansion can take their lives. But they are the 2 supreme figures of the underwater Xiuyao world, how can they possibly lower themselves by killing members of the Nine Demons Hall at will?

“Big brother, the three of us have no time to lose so we’re leaving now.” The 2nd brother Di Qing folds his hands in salute. Di Jian and Di Luan also fold their hands and say farewells to their brothers.

“2nd brother, 6th brother, 7th brother, please avenge 8th brother’s death.” Di Long says solemnly. Di Xu, Di Yang, Di Feng and Di Nai also fold their hands and say goodbye to Di Jian and the other two.

Afterwards, Di Jian, Di Qing and Di Luan leave the Nine Demons Hall at once like 3 beams of light.

......

In the Blood-red Cave’s main hall,

Qin Yu flings his robe and sits down in a throne in the main hall. There is another throne on either side of him. Hou Fei is sitting in one of these thrones. The other throne is still vacant. Qin Yu reserves it for none other than Xiao Hei.

“Cave master.”

The 3 black turtle brothers, the 2 tiger sharks Wu Tong and Wu Feng, the 2 snake women Yan Qing and Xi Yan, Zhuang Zhong and Teng Bi, 9 guardians in total, bow and say respectfully in unison. After Qin Yu defeated Teng Bi in one hit, they no longer had any doubts about his power. And Hou Fei’s power is even more indisputable.

“Cave master!”

The 50 squad leaders get down on one knee and say at the same time. These 50 squad leaders represent the 5000 guards. Now they, too, already know that Cha Hong is dead and the new cave master is none other than former guardian Liu Xing.

“I’m going to declare some new rules here.” Qin Yu looks down at the 9 guardians and the 50 squad leaders below him.

They all respectfully show that they are ready to listen to his orders.

“From now on, the Blood-red Cave no longer has the chief master and vice master positions. The new ones are 1st master, 2nd master and 3rd master. The 3 cave masters are absolutely equal to each other. This rule follows the Nine Demons Hall’s example, do you understand, my guardians?”

Everybody below Qin Yu is shocked by his first order.

To Qin Yu, this cave master position is not very important. He took over the Blood-red Cave mostly because he wants to give his brothers a place to establish themselves. He himself does not want to serve under or be ordered by anyone. Moreover, he knows very well that the Nine Demons Hall will definitely not ignore Di Tong’s death.

Facing the Nine Demons Hall, Qin Yu and his 2 brothers will naturally work together as a team. Even if disasters befall them, once they join forces, what obstacle will be too difficult for them to overcome?

However, Qin Yu still does not know at all that the brotherhood between the Nine Demons Hall’s 9 brothers is very deep, that the remaining 8 majesties are full of fury and hatred for him, and that Di Jian is even leading 2 other majesties rushing to his place.

End of b6c1.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C2: Nine Swords’ secret

In the Blood-red Cave’s main hall, the 9 guardians and 50 squad leaders are still amazed by Qin Yu’s first order. It is equivalent to weakening his own authority as cave master, no less! In general, even a cave master’s brothers can only become vice masters.

“Well, my guardians, could any of you have an objection?” Qin Yu says coldly.

Only now do the 9 guardians below him wake up from their amazement.

“I’ve got no objection. Of course I’ve got no objection. Cave master is really broad-minded. I’m very happy to serve such a cave master like you. Why should I have any objection?” Ba Ming, the eldest of the 3 black turtle brothers, flatters him smilingly.

The other guardians all say that they also have no objection.

To them, this question is bullshit and should not even have been asked. Changing from a system with a chief master and vice masters to a system with a 1st master, a 2nd master and a 3rd master only weakens the cave master’s authority. As guardians, they are not affected by this at all.

“There are 3 cave masters. We know that brother Hou Fei is 2nd master, but who is 3rd master?” asks Teng Bi.

Qin Yu, however, basically does not give a direct answer: “For the moment all of you don’t need to care about 3rd master’s identity. You will naturally know who 3rd master is when the time comes. My guardians, do I have to obtain your approval when I appoint someone as 3rd master?”

Noticing the coldness in Qin Yu’s words, the guardians all shake their heads hurriedly.

“Very well, then I’ll give my second order.” Qin Yu looks down at the 9 guardians and says.

The 9 guardians and the 50 squad leaders all begin to guess in their minds. When the 1st order is already so astonishing, what can the 2nd order be?

“From now on, we stop hunting for the black eagle and the Xiuxianist. Humph, Sang Mo’s and Cha Hong’s feuds have nothing to do with me. Are you clear about this, my guardians?” Qin Yu expresses very clearly his lack of respect for the previous cave master.

Hearing this, the guardians do not mind in the least.

It does not matter how formidable Cha Hong was, he is already dead, so why should they care about him anymore?

Sang Mo and Cha Hong are dead so it is only natural that the order to arrest the black eagle and Xiuxianist is invalidated.

“I’ll follow your order closely, cave master. That Xiuxianist and black eagle should also thank you for your generosity.” The eldest of the 3 black turtle brothers Ba Ming flatters him again.

Qin Yu does not care about this either.

“The 3rd order,” his voice rises again.

The guardians and the squad leaders all focus their attention to listen to him. This is the 1st time Qin Yu has sat in the throne in the main hall and exercised his power as cave master so these guardians naturally attach great importance to their behavior towards him.

“When I fought the black eagle last time, I felt that it wasn’t weaker than guardian Teng Bi. We should invite such an expert over here to strengthen the Blood-red Cave. Spread this order, my guardians, and if anyone discovers traces of the black eagle, let me know about this.”

This is Qin Yu taking precautions.

He has shown his intention of pulling the black eagle to his side in front of the 9 guardians so, when Xiao Hei comes here later, they will not be very surprised by this.

“Yes, we will follow cave master’s order.”

The guardians immediately bow. In fact, they are very happy. Previously, they still had to hunt for the black eagle, but now that the reigning cave master has given this order, it is very likely that the black eagle will become a member of the Blood-red Cave. There are really strange things in this world.

However, the 9 guardians are not too surprised. After all, in the Xiuyao world, it is possible for enemies to become friends in the blink of an eye.

“That’s very good. The last thing, you shouldn’t make wild guesses outside. Liu Xing is only my nickname. My surname is Qin. I’ll undergo closed-door training for some time from today on. So, if something happens during this period, you can report to 2nd master. Alright, everyone can leave now.” Right after saying, Qin Yu stands up, turns around and leaves the hall. Following him, Hou Fei also leaves.

“Farewell, cave master.”

The 9 guardians bow and say. Only when Qin Yu has left do these guardians begin to discuss with each other in a relaxed manner.

“It turns out cave master’s family name is Qin. He’s really mysterious. Even now I still can’t see clearly how powerful he is. After all, it’s hard to tell if he was using his full power or not when he fought boss Teng. What do you think, boss Teng?” Zhuang Zhong looks smilingly at Teng Bi.

Teng Bi says curtly: “He shouldn’t have been!”

“Oh my, boss Teng, what does shouldn’t mean? Could it be you didn’t feel anything?” Yan Qing says discontentedly.

Teng Bi says with a nod: “When I fought cave master, his speed was too fast, far exceeding my expectation. I was knocked away even before I could block his attack. Also, I felt that his energy was very fierce and concentrated. It seemed he wasn’t wasting any energy.”

The faces of the other guardians change color.

When experts execute a powerful attack, generally they will cause turbulence in their vicinity and give off a massive aura. The existence of this great aura also means that a large amount of the attack’s energy is being used ineffectively instead of being directed at the opponent’s body.

“Cave master didn’t waste any energy when he fought boss Teng?” Wu Feng says in shock.

Wu Tong says with a nod: “Cave master is really unfathomable.”

These guardians marvel at Qin Yu’s power but they simply do not know about the characteristics of the Stellar Transformations technique. At the Meteor stage, Qin Yu’s energy has been condensed into thin lines. Therefore, when he attacks, his energy is highly concentrated and does not seem to be wasted in the least.

“Everybody, just now cave master said he’d undergo closed-door training. Oh dear, the previous cave master Cha Hong often underwent closed-door training, and the current cave master also often undergoes closed-door training. Really, could it be a cave master has to do closed-door training frequently?” Xi Yan says in a lazy manner.

The other guardians nod.

Qin Yu became cave master yesterday but he is about to start doing closed-door training again.

“Humph, all of you still can’t figure out something from this?” Teng Bi says coldly.

The other 8 guardians all look at him.

“To maintain his position, cave master must have enough power to control everybody. So, naturally he wants to keep his power in peak condition and often does closed-door training to achieve this. You all can only see that he is overwhelmingly powerful but don’t understand how he has become so powerful. If you keep being so lazy, when can you catch up with him? I’ll also prepare to do closed-door training. I take my leave.”

After saying, Teng Bi turns around and leaves the main hall immediately.

The other guardians are startled by his words. But what Teng Bi said indeed has some truth in it. And these guardians have also been moved a bit by it.

......

Qin Yu and Hou Fei are going side by side on a road leading to the northern part.

“Fei Fei, I’ll leave the entire Blood-red Cave in your hands when I start my closed-door training. Now the most important thing to us is to stabilize it internally. If the inside is unstable, once members of the Nine Demons Hall come, we’ll be in some trouble.”

Qin Yu says through his holy sense.

Hou Fei agrees with him: “Don’t worry about this, big brother. The Blood-red Ridge is only that big so it won’t be difficult to stabilize it at all. But you already killed Di Tong, and his 8 brothers definitely won’t let this matter pass. Facing them, those ordinary fellas will be useless. We need experts.”

Qin Yu knows very well that Purple Demon aquatic dragons are so gifted that at the late Dongxu stage they can even rival Kongming stage Xiuxianists! He really has no confidence that he can handle that kind of super expert without relying on the Meteoric Tear to go all out.

But he will not necessarily be able to go all out. If the opponent quickly destroys his head, shattering his soul, even if the Meteoric Tear was more formidable, it would still be useless. Or if the opponent destroys his dantian, this will be disastrous for him as well.

Therefore, he must not fight unless he is forced into a tight corner.

“Late Dongxu stage Purple Demon aquatic dragons, well, according to the assessments in my hereditary memories, they are very tough.” Hou Fei is also frustrated. “Even if I ignore the serious consequences to go into berserk mode and fight desperately, I’ll only have a 50-50 chance of winning against one of them.”

Qin Yu and Hou Fei discuss for a long time. In the end, they both feel that the Nine Demons Hall is too powerful.

But they know that they now have enough power to wipe out the other 7 big caves under the Nine Demons Hall. After all, at the moment the Blood-red Cave has Qin Yu, Hou Fei and Hei Yu, who have all become much more powerful than they were.

“1st master, 2nd master.”

Seeing Qin Yu and Hou Fei, some guards who are on patrol immediately bow and say.

“Ha-ha, this order has spread really fast. I gave it in the main hall just now, but these guards already know to call you 2nd master.” Qin Yu praises. Actually, after leaving the main hall, those squad leaders immediately told their subordinates about this order through holy sense communication.

Hou Fei’s eyes glitter with excitement: “Kaka, now I got subordinates too. Well, when there’s nothing to do, it won’t be bad to train these brats a bit.”

When those patrolling guards hear what he says, their hearts cannot help but skip a beat. 2nd master will train them? How will this look like? They all know that this 2nd master is terrifyingly powerful.

......

On the secret floor under the northern part of the Blood-red Cave,

Nearly half of the secret rooms were destroyed in the fight between Cha Hong and Di Tong but quite a few of them are still good. Qin Yu tells his subordinates to take the rubble out while he himself goes into a secret room to start practicing once more.

This secret room has a round roof and a square floor. There is a rectangular soft mat made of oceanic soft grass in the center of the room. He sits down on it.

Di Tong’s yuanying then flies out and floats in front of Qin Yu. Because part of its energy was absorbed by him before, it is now one size smaller than it was. He enfolds the yuanying in an internal flame and begins to refine it again.

Various golden rays of light radiate from his body, making him look like a sun.

The golden rays of light cover him completely, forming a nebula that rotates nonstop. Meanwhile, the purple yuanying sends out many purple streams of liquid, which rotate along with the nebula then get absorbed into Qin Yu’s dantian continuously.

In his dantian,

The 3 golden grains are revolving unceasingly in the center of the huge inner nebula. If the orbits of these grains are put together, they will form a perfect sphere. Those purple streams of liquid are continuously burnt by the Stellar Flame until all of their impurities are removed.

As time passes,

The 3 golden grains gradually become bigger and bigger. The spherical silvery grains in the huge nebula also keep increasing in size, looking like countless stars ...

Qin Yu is quietly practicing without being disturbed by anyone.

3 days later,

“Clack!” A very crisp noise is heard. In his dantian, the 3 golden grains, which have become as large as quail eggs, now split in three each again. Immediately, they have turned into 9 golden grains, which also revolve around in orbits that form a sphere together.

Once more, the countless silvery grains split in half as well, doubling their number.

The late Meteor stage!

Qin Yu has finally reached the late phase of the Meteor stage. But nearly half of Di Tong’s yuanying remains unrefined. Qin Yu of course will not waste it so he keeps refining and absorbing its energy. Time goes by. After about one and a half days, he eventually finishes absorbing Di Tong’s yuanying completely.

However, he is still at the late phase of the Meteor stage.

It indeed takes a lot of energy to reach the early Core stage from the late Meteor stage.

Si si ~~~

In his dantian, the 9 golden grains are revolving around nonstop. Because of their fantastic orbits, a mysterious induction has been created between them. Various brilliant electric sparks have unexpectedly been generated in the center of the 9 golden grains’ orbital sphere.

Those electric sparks are connecting the golden grains with each other but the grains’ revolving orbits have remained unchanged.

“When the 9 meteors are united, the core will be formed. But I’m still some distance away from the unification of the 9 meteors.” Qin Yu opens his eyes and says to himself smilingly.

After he reached the late Meteor stage, an attractive force has been created in the center of the 9 meteors’ orbital sphere. When this force reaches its peak, it will pull the 9 meteors towards their orbital center and unify them. At that time it will be possible for Qin Yu to reach the Core stage.

However, before he can, he will have to overcome the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation.

“Since I’ve killed one of the Nine Demons Hall’s aquatic dragons, the other eight will definitely come here to investigate. The Blood-red Cave is very close to the Qian Long continent. That Nine Demons Hall is 80 million li from here in the south. So, even with their Dongxu stage power, those Purple Demon aquatic dragons will possibly need a year to arrive.”

There is a year left but Qin Yu still feels that he has too little time.

He is confident that he would be able to reach the early Core stage if he had 10 years. Once he has reached the Core stage, he would be able to face the Nine Demons Hall head-on without worries. However, at the moment, he does not have enough power for a head-on conflict with the Nine Demons Hall.

“There’s no point in thinking too much. I’ll come up with solutions as problems arise. Once Fei Fei, Xiao Hei and I join forces, what’s there for us to fear?” Qin Yu stops thinking about the menace of the Nine Demons Hall then takes out from his spatial ring some things.

They are a top-grade holy class spear, one of the 9 Swords and a black jade case.

After opening the jade case, he sees a jade slip. He makes a sweep with his holy sense.

“Oh, there are 9 keys to the 9 Swords Immortal Mansion. According to what this jade slip says, this 9 Swords Immortal Mansion is really extraordinary. Looks like the jade sword I got is the 8th key. However ...” Qin Yu bursts out laughing. “Even if they can gather the other 8 jade swords, without mine, they won’t be able to open that immortal mansion.”

He has quickly figured this out accurately.

His camp’s power is weak for the moment but it will be okay if he does not bring the jade sword out. Even if other Xiuzhenists can gather the other 8 jade swords, they will still be unable to open the immortal mansion. And Qin Yu will lie low and wait until the Blood-red Cave has enough power to confront the Blue Water Mansion, the Azure Dragon Palace and the Nine Demons Hall to show the jade sword.

However, he still does not know that the Nine Demons Hall’s brothers care very deeply about each other. How can they possibly give him time to lie low? How can they possibly give him time to improve his side’s power? At the moment, 3 of them are coming to his place with Di Jian being the leader. Even Hou Fei will have difficulty fighting a late Dongxu stage Di Jian!

End of b6c2.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6, 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C3: Internal disorder

Deep in the ocean, Di Jian, Di Qing and Di Luan, all robed in red, are rushing side by side through the water. They cause great turbulence and surges wherever they go.

“7th brother, 8th brother’s death is very strange. The Blood-red Cave is at the northernmost part of our territory and next to the Qian Long continent of mortals. The Blue Water Mansion and the Azure Dragon Palace are even farther from it than us. Given such great distances, the killer shouldn’t be from the Azure Dragon Palace or the Blue Water Mansion.” Di Qing ponders for a long time then opens his mouth and says.

What he just said is reasonable. After all, Di Tong leaving for the Blood-red Cave was a secret and not even all of his 8 brothers in the Nine Demons Hall knew about this. How could outsiders possibly have known?

Even if in the end the Blue Water Mansion’s and the Azure Dragon Palace’s subordinates were able to discover that Di Tong had gone to the Blood-red Cave, perhaps they would still not have enough time to chase and kill him.

Among the 9 brothers, Di Luan is fairly good at stratagems. After thinking for a while, he says with a nod: “2nd brother, do you still remember that we sent Cha Hong a message but he unexpectedly hasn’t replied?” When Di Luan set off, he messaged Cha Hong to ask.

However, the message was like a clay ox entering the sea and went unanswered.

“There are only 2 possibilities. First, Cha Hong is already dead. And second, he used some unknown wicked method to kill 8th brother then went into hiding, in which case, he certainly doesn’t dare to reply to our message.” Di Qing continues.

But, for the moment, Di Qing and the other 2 also have no way to find out if Cha Hong is dead or alive.

In fact, the Nine Demons Hall has basically never thought that the 8 caves under it are important. These 8 caves are merely the managers of its 8 large areas. The Nine Demons Hall has been using them only to govern its 90 million li radius territory and has never collected the soul jade slips of the 8 caves’ masters.

“We’ll know after an interrogation. What’s the point of making wild guesses here?”

The grim 6th brother Di Jian says.

Di Luan’s eyes brighten as he hears his 6th brother’s words. He says: “2nd brother, I’ve got a method. Not only will it find out if Cha Hong is dead, it’ll also be a big help to us in finding 8th brother’s killer.” After saying, he takes out a transmitter.

Both Di Jian and Di Qing feel happy at once and look at Di Luan.

“First, let’s message the Great Shell Cave, which is the one nearest the Blood-red Cave. The Great Shell Cave’s master must know some matters related to the Blood-red Cave. There’s another step that can be taken after questioning the Great Shell Cave’s master.” Di Luan says smilingly.

He then sends a message to the Great Shell Cave. In just a while, the Great Shell Cave’s master replies.

As soon as Di Luan takes a look at it, a faint smile appears on his face: “Just as I expected indeed, the Great Shell Cave’s master said that the original master of the Blood-red Cave, Cha Hong, is already dead! This news has spread throughout the entire territory of the Blood-red Cave so the Great Shell Cave has also heard it.”

“Cha Hong is dead?!” Hearing this, Di Qing makes a deduction in his mind. “Who’s the new cave master?”

He knows very well that it is probable the new cave master killed Cha Hong to seize his position. As they can kill Cha Hong, they can also kill Di Tong.

“Wait for a while, 2nd brother. I’m questioning him.” Di Luan is waiting for the Great Shell Cave’s master to reply. After a while, he says frowningly: “2nd brother, 6th brother, according to the message of the Great Shell Cave’s master, the new cave master is a former guardian called Liu Xing. But he doesn’t know anything about how Cha Hong died.”

“Guardian Liu Xing?” says Di Qing to himself.

Di Jian, Di Qing and Di Luan are all pondering.

“2nd brother, 6th brother, do you remember that old turtle Qingxuan of the Blood-red Cave? Do you still remember that fight several hundred years ago?” Di Luan suddenly says smilingly to Di Jian and Di Qing. He has already come up with an idea.

Di Jian is startled: “Old turtle Qingxuan? I’ve never heard of him.”

“6th brother, you never pay attention to what happens outside so it’s normal that you know nothing about him. How about you, 2nd brother?” Di Luan looks at his 2nd brother Di Qing.

Di Luan says with a nod: “I’ve heard of that old turtle Qingxuan. In the past, when we were choosing a manager for the territory of the Blood-red Cave, both he and Cha Hong strived for this position. In the end they fought each other. Cha Hong won a narrow victory, but the defense of that old turtle Qingxuan was so astonishing that Cha Hong couldn’t kill him.”

Di Luan says smilingly with a nod: “Exactly. That old turtle Qingxuan’s defense is outstanding. Now he is also a Dongxu stage expert. Most of the 8 caves under our Nine Demons Hall have been unable to completely control their territories, and the Blood-red Cave is one of those.”

There are many experts in the territory of a cave, how can all of them possibly submit to the cave?

The Blood-red Cave rules an 8 million li radius area in name, but in fact it only has complete control over the Blood-red Ridge and cannot completely control some distant valleys and ravines.

“Even now, Qingxuan’s turf, the Qingxuan Ridge, is not under the Blood-red Cave’s control. It’s weaker than the Blood-red Ridge but Cha Hong is already dead so Qingxuan definitely won’t accept the new cave master’s authority. We can ...” Di Luan bursts out laughing in a sinister manner.

Di Qing’s eyes brighten: “Ha-ha, you’re really smart, 7th brother. That’s right. Nobody knows that new cave master Liu Xing very well. It won’t be bad to let that old turtle Qingxuan have a go at him. If that guardian Liu Xing can kill Qingxuan then ... he’ll be a major suspect!”

Di Luan also nods his head.

Cha Hong is dead so naturally the new cave master will be suspected. If that mysterious new cave master killed Cha Hong then he can have killed Di Tong too.

“There’s some friendship and contact between the Great Shell Cave’s master and Qingxuan.” Di Luan says smilingly. “Why don’t we directly back this old turtle Qingxuan, 2nd brother, 6th brother? We’ll tell him that the Nine Demons Hall has decided to let him become the new ruler of the Blood-red Cave’s 8 million li radius territory.”

Hearing this, Di Qing cannot help pointing at Di Luan and scolding laughingly: “7th brother, you’re really wicked!”

In the past, Qingxuan fought Cha Hong for this position but eventually lost. He has always considered this defeat a disgrace to his life. If he knows that Cha Hong is dead and that the Nine Demons Hall has appointed him as the new ruler of the Blood-red Cave’s territory, will he possibly be able to sit tight?

“Ah, 7th brother, that Liu Xing fella is just a suspect. If, after we say that we’ve appointed Qingxuan as the new manager of the Blood-red Cave, he beats Qingxuan, it won’t be good for our investigation. After all, we will have appointed Qingxuan as the new manager.” Di Qing says with a frown.

Di Luan, however, says smilingly: “Will we? We’ll only let the Great Shell Cave’s master tell this to Qingxuan. If he succeeds, we won’t have to do anything. But if he fails, we certainly can shift the responsibility onto the Great Shell Cave’s master. I think he won’t dare to say a word even if he’s wrongfully blamed.”

That’s right. If the Nine Demons Hall’s majesties cause him to be wrongfully blamed, will he dare to speak out?

“Clever! Clever! 7th brother, quickly tell the Great Shell Cave’s master to message Qingxuan, making him rebel and fight for that cave master position. That Liu Xing, I’ve never heard of him before. Now I want to see how powerful this mysterious fella is!” Di Qing’s eyes flash with coldness.

If this Liu Xing can kill Qingxuan, Di Jian and the other 2 will have to consider him their no. 1 suspect.

The purpose of this maneuver is to estimate Liu Xing’s true power. If he is not strong enough and gets killed, of course Di Jian, Di Qing and Di Luan will not pay attention to him anymore.

......

In the Blood-red Cave’s territory, there is a particular mountain range that is several times smaller than the Blood-red Ridge. There are nearly 10,000 Xiuyaoists here. This Qingxuan Ridge can be said to be a country within a country. In name, it is under the Blood-red Cave’s control, but in fact, it does not take orders from the Blood-red Cave.

In the mansion of the old turtle Qingxuan in the Qingxuan Ridge,

Old Founder Qingxuan is sitting in an armchair. There is a lady-in-waiting gently fanning him with a fan on either side of him. He is all smiles at the moment. His nearly 1 m long bluish flaming hair is slowly flowing. His blue eyebrows are also flowing.

“May I ask why you are so happy, Old Founder?” A white-clad handsome man comes in then says respectfully on one side.

Qingxuan does not answer but his expression changes irregularly, sometimes looking frighteningly ferocious, sometimes looking excitedly murderous: “Ha-ha, Bai Yan, have you heard of the Nine Demons Hall?”

“Of course I have. The Nine Demons Hall is the real ruler of a 90 million li radius area and one of the 3 underwater superpowers. How could I not know about it? But why did you mention it, Old Founder?” Bai Yan says doubtfully.

Holding his eyebrow between his forefinger and middle finger, Qingxuan slowly arranges his thoughts then says: “You know, the Nine Demons Hall has told the Great Shell Cave’s master to message me that Cha Hong is already dead and I’ve become the new cave master. Ha-ha, Heaven has helped me. Heaven has helped me! That guardian Liu Xing or something, a brat from some small mountain range, has unexpectedly made an absurd attempt to become cave master without checking if he’s eligible.”

“Now I’ve been appointed by the Nine Demons Hall, I’m legitimate.” Qingxuan suddenly stands up.

The white-clad man bows and waits for his orders.

“Bai Yan, spread the news that I have become the new cave master for me, saying that this is an appointment made by the Nine Demons Hall itself and that Liu Xing is illegitimate.” Qingxuan’s lustrous green eyes radiate viciousness. “Disturbance, disturbance, cause a disturbance for me, those rebellious fellas. I want to plunge the Blood-red Ridge into absolute chaos and blood splattered everywhere. When the time is right, I’ll reappear and put everything back in order at one stroke.”

Bai Yan immediately bows: “Old Founder is really brilliant.”

......

In the Blood-red Cave,

“Ha-ha, Xiao Hei, you rushed to here from the ravine but didn’t even tell me about this. I really got a pleasant surprise ...” Qin Yu laughs out loud. At the moment, the 3 brothers, Qin Yu, Hou Fei and Hei Yu, are drinking wine in a building in the northern part.

Hei Yu stretches his wing and sweeps a cup up with his energy. He then drinks all the wine in it.

“Ha-ha, Fei Fei, I heard that you’re 2nd master. How is this possible? When we were in the ravine, we didn’t decide who ranked higher and who lower. How about this? I’ll be 2nd master and you’ll be 3rd master.” Hei Yu says to Hou Fei through his holy sense.

Hou Fei, who is happily drinking wine, immediately gives a glare when he hears this: “Damn you. What did you just say? I always listen to Master’s words. At that time he told me to call Qin Yu big brother so I accepted this. Now you hairy bird also want to be one up on me? Dream on!”

He has never dared to disobey Uncle Lan’s orders.

“You hairy bird, Master never told me to call you 2nd brother.” Hou Fei says haughtily.

Hei Yu is furious: “Step aside, you monkey. What are you being aggressive for? Uncle Lan didn’t say who the second is or who the third is but he didn’t say you can get one up on me either.” Hei Yu is very proud. He is simply unwilling to yield.

Qin Yu immediately has a headache.

Hei Yu and Hou Fei already fought each other before when they were staying in the ravine. Both of them wanted to be one up on each other.

Because Hou Fei is stubborn and Hei Yu is proud, they do not easily admire someone. Hei Yu has been following Qin Yu since he was little so naturally he listens to Qin Yu. As for Hou Fei, he calls Qin Yu big brother due to Uncle Lan’s order. But only now, when Qin Yu has made quick improvements in power, does he approve of Qin Yu.

“All right, don’t quarrel. Neither of you is higher-ranked or lower-ranked than the other. You are equal, okay? As for the 2nd master and 3rd master positions, they are just titles. Xiao Hei, you weren’t here in the beginning so you should accept your position. All right, don’t argue over this matter anymore.”

Qin Yu has no choice but to say so.

“Humph,” Hei Yu utters a cold humph.

Hou Fei also gives Hei Yu a fierce stare.

Even though these two bicker over their positions, they do not fight over the other matters. The 3 brothers then drink wine and chat excitedly to each other again. They chat nonstop about many things, for example their experiences and their respective fantastic techniques. This drinking session lasts for 3 whole days and is very enjoyable.

The life of a Xiuzhenist is almost endless so a 3 day long drinking session does not mean anything.

Qin Yu now looks around. There are 6 beautiful ladies-in-waiting standing respectfully behind him. He says with a wave of his hand: “All of you can leave. Don’t let anyone come in.”

“Yes, cave master.” These girls bow and say then leave deferentially.

When the 6 ladies-in-waiting have left, Qin Yu waves his hands, setting up a restrictive spell around the 3 of them, then says mysteriously to Xiao Hei: “Xiao Hei, that lowlife Cha Hong had reached the peak of the early Dongxu stage and was also a blood-red aquatic python so his yuanying has a lot of energy, enough for you to reach the middle Yuanying stage. For the moment, because of your soul, you should stop absorbing at the middle Yuanying stage. Don’t absorb more than that before your soul has made another breakthrough.”

He waves his hand and a purple yuanying floats out. It is none other than Cha Hong’s yuanying.

Xiao Hei does not decline and receives it immediately.

Hei Yu has been Qin Yu’s companion since he was very young so they seem to share everything. It does not matter how valuable a treasure is, to them, what’s yours is mine and what’s mine is yours. Hei Yu also knows that Qin Yu has reached the late Meteor stage.

Right at this moment --

“Cave masters, something bad happened.” Zhuang Zhong’s voice rises outside.

Qin Yu knows that Zhuang Zhong will only behave like this in a serious situation. He immediately removes the restrictive spell with a wave of his hand. Zhuang Zhong hurriedly rushes in from outside and says respectfully: “My 3 cave masters, word has spread through the Blood-red Ridge that 1st master’s position is illegitimate and that the Nine Demons Hall has appointed the old turtle Qingxuan as the new cave master directly. These rumors have made everyone in the Blood-red Ridge anxious and severely dented our Blood-red Cave’s reputation. Quite a few formidable Xiuyaoists don’t even listen to our orders anymore.”

The faces of Qin Yu, Hou Fei and Hei Yu change color at once.

However, Qin Yu does not know that this is a test that Di Jian and his 2 brothers have given him.

End of b6c3.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6, 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C4: Old Founder Qingxuan

“Old turtle Qingxuan? Tell me Zhuang Zhong, what is this fella’s background? I can see that this turbulence definitely has to do with him.” Hou Fei suddenly throws his cup on the floor and says furiously. His eyes radiate a golden light.

Hou Fei cannot contain his anger. In any case, he is the Blood-red Cave’s 2nd master so how can he possibly let someone come and seize his position?

Zhuang Zhong says respectfully: “My 3 cave masters, this old turtle Qingxuan is also an outstanding expert. In the past, when the Nine Demons Hall was choosing a manager for this 8 million li radius area, he and Cha Hong had a fight against each other. In the end Cha Hong won a narrow victory, but Qingxuan’s true form is an old turtle so his defense was extremely strong and Cha Hong couldn’t kill him. Now that Cha Hong is dead, Qingxuan must want to stage a comeback.”

Qin Yu slightly nods.

Hou Fei, however, winks a couple of times and says with strange laughter: “Kaka, this old turtle couldn’t even beat Cha Hong yet he still wants to become cave master. Laughable, man! I’ll smash his black turtle shell directly with a blow of my stick, humph, humph.”

The look in Qin Yu’s eyes turns cold too: “Zhuang Zhong, as far as I know, quite a lot of Xiuyaoists in the Blood-red Cave’s territory don’t approve of me occupying this cave master position, right?” He is indeed not well-known in the 8 million li radius territory of the Blood-red Cave so naturally Xiuyaoists here do not revere him.

Zhuang Zhong says respectfully: “Those fellows don’t know about your abilities yet. If they know, they definitely won’t dare to be like that.”

“Don’t know?” Qin Yu says smilingly: “That old turtle Qingxuan doesn’t want to live his worthless life in peace and is even attempting to take my position. Could it be he doesn’t know that in the Xiuzhen world, not having enough power will lead to death? This is good too. I’ll take this chance to showcase my power.”

He then says with a wave of his hand: “All right. There’s no need to report to me when those small fries cause trouble. But when that old turtle Qingxuan appears, tell me about this. You can leave now.”

“Yes, cave master.”

Zhuang Zhong says respectfully at once then leaves.

From beginning to end Hei Yu did not say anything. Because he heard Zhuang Zhong say that Qingxuan is approaching Cha Hong in power, he does not care about this old turtle.

Now, in the eyes of the 3 brothers, Qin Yu, Hou Fei and Hei Yu, ordinary Xiuyaoists are no longer a threat to them. Their greatest enemies for the moment are the Nine Demons Hall’s 8 remaining Purple Demon aquatic dragons.

“Xiao Hei, you should do closed-door training to refine the yuanying first. Our lives will become much more interesting some time later. If you aren’t strong enough, you won’t be able to take part in that grand meeting.” There is a faint smile on the corners of Qin Yu’s mouth. His eyes flash with fierceness.

The 3 brothers of the Qin clan, whether Marshal Qin Feng, the reigning emperor Qin Zheng or Qin Yu, will show no mercy once they have become ruthless.

Qin Yu has already thought about what can happen in the future and has considered the worse-case scenario. Since he has prepared for the worst, what is there for him to be afraid of? Now he, Xiao Hei and Hou Fei have all become strong. They are no easy meat for anybody.

“Want to touch us 3 brothers? Be careful or your hands will be cut off.” Qin Yu looks outside the room.

......

Qin Yu is standing in midair above the artificial mountain in the northern part of the Blood-red Cave.

He makes a wave of his hand and a building appears out of thin air. This is none other than Lei Mountain House, created by Lei Wei. He flies straight into this building. As soon as he enters it, he sees a huge pool before his eyes.

Qin Yu goes around the pool and comes into a drawing room.

“Training Hall,” he looks at the Training Hall and gives a faint smile. He is remembering the past. At that time, to protect his father, he risked his life to kill Wu Xing and afterwards he was teleported into this building and regained consciousness in the Training Hall.

Suddenly various beautiful flowers appear in the drawing room. There is a kitten in the middle of the flowers.

“Master,” Starlet says while wagging its tail.

Qin Yu gives a smile: “Starlet, do you feel lonely when I’m not here?” Even though thanks to the book explaining the techno-scientific civilization left behind by Lei Wei he already knew that Starlet is an artificially intelligent being, he is still unconsciously treating it as a living creature.

Starlet blinks its eyes a couple of times and says: “Lonely? What is it?”

Qin Yu is slightly startled. Only now does he remember that Starlet is not a living creature at all and therefore cannot have humanlike feelings. He cannot help giving a smile. Taking a look around, he quickly sees the door of the storeroom and feels frustrated.

The storeroom is comparable to the Training Hall in size. It has such a large area but more than half of it is packed with top-grade crystals.

He walks to the door of the storeroom and gives it a thought. This door then automatically opens. He takes a look inside and sees that more than half of the room is full of various ores of different colors. These ores must be counted by the ten thousand and, moreover, every chunk is a top-grade crystal.

Blue, crimson, green, golden, silvery, black ...

The crystals flicker nonstop with attractive glows. Qin Yu can even feel their surging auras. Lei Wei had to roam countless places to be able to gather so many treasures.

Not even superpowers like the Blue Water Mansion and the Azure Dragon Palace have so many top-grade crystals. After all, top-grade crystals are very rare. They can be forged into top-grade holy weapons. There are so many top-grade crystals before Qin Yu but he has no way to take them out.

“Master set up a restrictive spell and said it can only be broken when I’ve reached the early Core stage. Now I’m at the late Meteor stage. I’ll have to overcome the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation to reach the early Core stage.” Qin Yu cannot help giving a faint powerless smile.

After getting out of the storeroom, he goes towards the back of the building.

The Pill Making Chamber and the Weapon Forging Chamber appear in front of him. While he was in the Wilderness, he forged his own holy weapons in the Weapon Forging Chamber. However, when he killed Di Tong, his Flaming Sword was destroyed and one of his Flaming Gloves was badly damaged.

“This time I want to forge top-grade holy weapons.”

Qin Yu makes a wave of his hand. 5 top-grade crystals immediately appear. They come from none other than the spatial ring that Di Tong left behind after getting killed. The Nine Demons Hall’s brothers put their ordinary treasures in Treasure Storing Palace but they all bring highly valuable treasures like top-grade crystals with them.

“The Flaming Gloves need very little top-grade crystal. 2 chunks are enough. As for the Flaming Sword ... I can forge it from that long spear.” Because Di Tong’s spear is also a top-grade holy weapon, Qin Yu will not waste it. However, he cannot use it openly. If he did, this would be no different from announcing that he killed Di Tong.

With a stride, he enters the Weapon Forging Chamber. The chamber’s metal door then automatically shuts.

After sitting down with legs crossed on a bulrush mat, he points with a finger. A deep blue flame flies into the Eight Diagrams Furnace in the center of the chamber. The furnace is set ablaze instantly. At the same time, a spear flies to the area just above the furnace. It is none other than Di Tong’s top-grade holy spear.

“Heavenly Gate, 8 Diagrams, Orthodox!”

Qin Yu shouts in a deep voice. Several golden rays of light shoot out from his finger and fly into several holes on the side of the 8 Diagrams Furnace. Their respective written talismans and signs immediately brighten. Even the light inside the furnace also becomes much more dazzling.

The ultra-yang form of the Stellar Flame!

The spear slowly melts. As it is burnt by the Ultra-yang Flame, its many impurities are removed and it also becomes increasingly smaller.

......

After 7 days, Qin Yu finally succeeds in making his holy weapons. The top-grade holy spear has been re-forged into a short sword, which is still called Flaming Sword. His forging technique is obviously more advanced than that of the Nine Demons Hall.

Compared to the spear, the sword is not even half as large in volume because all of the impurities have been got rid of. Now the Flaming Sword is also a top-grade holy weapon and is even sharper than before. Some written talismans and restrictive spells made of liquid purple gold have been fused with its surface.

The entire short sword is dark blue and there are purplish golden markings on its surface. Liquid purple gold is indeed an extremely good material for making written talismans and seals. The Flaming Sword is now even much more powerful than Qin Yu’s expectations.

The new pair of Flaming Gloves took him 2 top-grade crystals to forge. These Flaming Gloves are exceptionally thin, just like a layer of skin attached to his fingers. However, they are much more powerful than the high-grade holy-class Flaming Gloves in the past.

After forging the holy weapons, Qin Yu quietly reads books on the balcony of the study. He also practices nonstop internally at the same time.

......

On the balcony of the study on the 2nd floor of Lei Mountain House, Qin Yu is leaning back in a chair reading the secret books that talk about many secrets of the Xiuzhen world left behind by Lei Wei.

He can see patrolling guards in the distance from this balcony.

“Cave master, someone is secretly stirring up trouble in the Blood-red Ridge. Many Xiuyaoists have begun to gossip about you at will. Obviously they have very little respect for you. Quite a few Xiuyaoists even think that old turtle Qingxuan should become the cave master.” Zhuang Zhong says while standing outside Lei Mountain House.

Qin Yu keeps reading the old book in his hands and simply does not look at Zhuang Zhong. He says indifferently: “There’s no need to care about them. You only have to tell me when that old turtle Qingxuan has appeared.”

The guardians are worried but Qin Yu is still as stable as a mountain. He continues to read the old books quietly on the balcony.

Looking at Lei Mountain House before him, Zhuang Zhong exclaims in wonderment inwardly: “Where did cave master get this building from? It appeared all of a sudden. Even though this building’s door is open, nobody can come in except for 2nd master and 3rd master. This is really very fantastic.”

Lei Mountain House certainly can identify arrivers. Therefore, other than Qin Yu and his 2 brothers, no one can enter it.

......

As the days pass, the several tens thousand Xiuyaoists in the Blood-red Ridge also secretly gossip about Qin Yu. In addition to this, Old Founder Qingxuan has sent subordinates to spread rumors so most Xiuyaoists do not think highly of this new cave master at all.

At this moment, a white-clad man goes up to the entrance of the Blood-red Cave.

“Give this to your cave master.” The white-clad man hands a jade slip to a guard then says arrogantly: “Our Old Founder has said, according to the Nine Demons Hall’s order, the new cave master is our Old Founder. If this Liu Xing or something is sensible, he should quickly abdicate. Otherwise, there’ll be a war and he’ll lose his life.”

After saying this, the white-clad man immediately turns around and leaves like a beam of light.

The guard who is holding the jade slip is still dumbfounded. Only after a while does he wake up with a start.

This guard is greatly shocked: “This is bad. That Old Founder Qingxuan is coming. What those brothers said is right. This Qingxuan must want to come here and seize the cave master position. Now he already intends to get into action. I wonder if cave master can be a match for him.”

The guard has heard that Qin Yu can defeat guardian Teng Bi in one hit, but he has never seen this with his own eyes. Moreover, Old Founder Qingxuan is stronger than guardian Teng Bi.

......

In just a while, the jade slip is delivered to Qin Yu.

He is leaning back in his chair, holding an old book in one hand and the jade slip in the other. After making a sweep with his holy sense, he laughs.

A challenge letter!

This is the challenge letter that Qingxuan has sent Qin Yu. That Qingxuan thinks that he himself is an expert of the same tier as Cha Hong and that Qin Yu, being a former guardian under Cha Hong, is weaker than Cha Hong so he is confident of killing Qin Yu.

“Junior Liu Xing,

I’m Old Founder Qingxuan. You must have heard that in the past I had some connection with your previous cave master Cha Hong. At that time I was careless for a moment and suffered a narrow defeat. I’ve been training hard for several hundred years, intending to fight Cha Hong again soon. Who could have thought that he would die so suddenly? This can be considered his luck.

But this is also a good thing. Junior, hand over the cave master position to me immediately, I don’t want to argue with a junior like you. If you don’t listen, I’m going to burn you to death with my internal flame, destroying your soul.

Take your time considering this.

I don’t mind telling you that the Nine Demons Hall has appointed me as cave master. I’m not fooling you. Plus, I don’t feel like fooling a junior like you. I’m going to the Blood-red Cave 3 days later. Whether you’ll live or die then depends on your choice!

Old Founder Qingxuan.”

Looking at this jade slip, Qin Yu cannot help bursting out laughing. A deep blue flame comes out from his hand and burns the jade slip to ashes.

“Don’t overrate yourself!”

He remarks indifferently then continues reading the old book in his hand without any anger.

......

3 days later,

A massive group of several thousand Xiuyaoists comes. Highest among this group is a chair carried by 4 Xiuyaoists. An old man is leaning back in the chair. His long hair is flowing like a bluish flame. Old Founder Qingxuan occasionally holds his long eyebrows between his index fingers and middle fingers. His slightly closed eyes sometimes flash with coldness.

A great number of the Blood-red Ridge’s Xiuyaoists are watching from a distance. The Xiuyaoists who have been living for a long time all know about Qingxuan. They know that he is formidable. Qin Yu was only a guardian under Cha Hong, how can he possibly be a match for Qingxuan, who is on the same level as Cha Hong?

A crowd of Xiuyaoists stands in midair in front of the Blood-red Cave then uniformly turns around and looks at Qingxuan and his large entourage. This crowd of Xiuyaoists is led by none other than the white-clad man Bai Yan.

“Old Founder!” Bai Yan gets down on one knee and says respectfully.

“Old Founder!” The nearly 1000 Xiuyaoists behind him all get down on one knee and say. Quite a few Xiuyaoists in this crowd came to the Blood-red Ridge together with Bai Yan to manipulate other Xiuyaoists here. It is only because of this that today many Xiuyaoists are standing on Qingxuan’s side.

Qingxuan, who is leaning back in the chair, opens his eyes and takes a glance at the Blood-red Cave.

“Junior Liu Xing, quickly come out to welcome your Old Founder!”

His loud and clear voice immediately resounds through the whole Blood-red Cave. The power contained in his voice even causes the faces of the Blood-red Cave’s guards to change color greatly. Seeing this, the Xiuyaoists under Qingxuan become arrogant.

Hearing this voice, Qin Yu, who is quietly reading a book in Lei Mountain House, cannot help but burst out laughing.

“Oh? That old black turtle has come. Let’s play with him a bit.” He puts the book down and disappears from Lei Mountain House with a movement of his body.

End of b6c4.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6, 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C5: A sword through the throat

Followed by a large entourage, Old Founder Qingxuan is indeed in a very great position. Even though by now all of the Blood-red Cave’s guardians have appeared, he is still leaning back in his chair without looking straight at them, which makes him appear all high and mighty.

“Qingxuan, being so arrogant at the Blood-red Cave, you’re really a bit much.” Teng Bi says coldly.

Qingxuan gives Teng Bi a sideways glance then says with an evil laugh that sounds like the cry of an owl: “So it’s you, Horned Dragon Teng Bi. If you join me, I’ll make you my deputy. What do you think?” He certainly wants to recruit a subordinate like Teng Bi because he also knows that Teng Bi is powerful.

“Oh my, old turtle Qingxuan, you’re even tempting boss Teng in front of the Blood-red Cave’s main entrance, isn’t this a bit too disrespectful to our cave master? This is simply ...” Yan Qing curls her lips, looking very disdainful.

Qingxuan’s face darkens. His eyes flash repeatedly with coldness.

Yan Qing hurriedly hugs Teng Bi’s arm, saying: “Boss Teng, that old black turtle scares me. I’m really frightened. You have to protect me.” She looks very terrified but actually there is a hint of derision in her eyes.

Seeing Yan Qing acting like that, Teng Bi cannot help giving a faint smile.

“You strumpet, I’ll definitely take your yuanying and peel your snake skin off, making you die in a world of pain.” Qingxuan says in furious anger.

This Old Founder Qingxuan hates being called old turtle Qingxuan or old black turtle the most and likes being called Old Founder. However, Yan Qing has insulted him more than once by calling him what he hates so how can he possibly not become furious?

“Oh my, I’m so scared.” Yan Qing says again in a flirtatious voice.

Qingxuan is so angry that his eyebrows tremble.

“Don’t waste your time here, old black turtle. You want to seize the cave master position with your puny power? Don’t overrate yourself so shamelessly.” Wu Feng and Wu Tong laugh coldly while looking at Qingxuan. They are not afraid of him in the least.

The 3 black turtle brothers, however, say nothing.

Their true forms belong to a relatively rare species of black turtle whereas Qingxuan is just a common old black turtle. He has reached his current level only because he has been practicing for a very long time. Therefore, the 3 black turtle brothers actually look down on him.

“All of you prepare to be burnt to death and have your souls destroyed by my internal flame!”

Qingxuan points at the 9 guardians and angrily rebukes. Now he has become really angry. Coming here with a large entourage, originally he imagined how the Blood-red Cave’s guardians would get terrified when they see him.

But his imagination has proven to be wrong. These guardians do not care about him at all.

Teng Bi, Yan Qing, Xi Yan, Ba Ming and his 2 brothers, Wu Feng and his brother, and Zhuang Zhong, the 9 guardians, are not afraid of him in the least after they saw him. Other Xiuyaoists do not know about Qin Yu’s real power, but these guardians do.

Moreover, both 2nd master Hou Fei and 3rd master Hei Yu are already terrifyingly powerful, not to mention Qin Yu.

“Oh, if you want to burn my guardians to death, you’ll have to ask me, the cave master, if I like that first. You’re really a bit much, Old Founder Qingxuan.” Qin Yu’s voice resounds through an area of several hundred li in radius in which all the Blood-red Ridge’s 50,000 to 60,000 Xiuyaoists have gathered to wait and see.

Countless Xiuyaoists all turn their heads looking at the Blood-red Cave.

They only see black-robed Qin Yu get in front of the 9 guardians in just 2 steps and face Old Founder Qingxuan directly. He is now different from when he was a still a guardian. There is a faint smile on his face at the moment, making him look very calm and collected.

He is standing straight like a javelin. His black robe is fluttering gracefully even though there is no wind.

As soon as Qingxuan sees Qin Yu, he slightly frowns: “Looks like this brat is no ordinary at all. It won’t be simple to beat him.” After seeing Qin Yu, Qingxuan is no longer completely confident.

But he changes his mind again, thinking: “Humph, this brat was only a guardian under Cha Hong so he must be weaker than Cha Hong. Even if Cha Hong himself were here, he wouldn’t be able to harm me, let alone this brat, who is inferior to him.”

When Qingxuan thinks about this, he becomes much more relaxed at once.

“Brat, have you read the jade slip I prepared and sent to you? What’s your choice? Obediently stepping down and giving the Blood-red Cave to me? Or stubbornly resisting till the end so that I’ll have to personally get into action, kill you and destroy your soul.”

Qingxuan looks very arrogant.

Qin Yu frowns.

“Qingxuan, you’ve overrated yourself a bit,” says he. Now he already feels that Old Founder Qingxuan has overestimated his own abilities too much.

“Humph!”

Qingxuan suddenly utters a cold humph. With a movement of his body, he flies out of the chair and stands in midair. His long blue hair straightens like sharp arrows and flaps wantonly. He looks coldly at Qin Yu. His eyes are radiating a strong green light.

“Brat, I’ve given you a few chances to save face but you still think that you’re cave master and have been very arrogant in front of me. Good, then don’t blame me for being merciless.” Qingxuan says with evil laughter. His words are containing killing intent.

However, Qin Yu gives a laugh and looks at him.

Qingxuan is enraged by Qin Yu’s look: “Brat, could it be you don’t know that real power is the most important thing in this underwater Xiuyao world? You think you’re cave master just because those guardians and guards have accepted you as cave master? Alright, I’m going to let you know what real power is!”

Qin Yu frowns.

“Oh, Qingxuan, so you’re finally ready to get into action?” He looks disdainfully at the Xiuyaoists in Qingxuan’s entourage below him then looks at Qingxuan.

“Could it be you’re scared?” A hint of satisfaction suddenly appears in Old Founder Qingxuan’s heart.

What he has been hoping for is that the current cave master willingly bows his head and subordinates himself to him. This will make him feel even prouder than killing Qin Yu to seize the cave master position.

“No, I’ve already been waiting for your attacks. It’s just that you’ve been too noisy.” Qin Yu clenches his fists. A series of cracking noises is unexpectedly heard. The faces of some Yuanying stage Xiuyaoists and above change color greatly at once, including Old Founder Qingxuan.

The reason for this is that these experts know those noises are simply not caused by the bones in his fists but by the explosions of the air in his palms when he suddenly clenches his fists. Those noises show how extremely powerful and fast his hands are.

One should know that in general when ordinary experts clench their fists, they cannot make the air in their palms explode because it flows out too fast. Only when the clenching speed of the hands surpasses the escaping speed of the air can such a phenomenon occur.

“Very well, you’ve got some power indeed. Too bad, you still won’t be able to take one hit from me.” Qingxuan’s long eyebrows flutter. A large octagonal hammer immediately appears in his hand. It is a high-grade holy-class heavy hammer. A black suit of armor then appears on his body.

A great cheer goes up from below at once.

Those Xiuyaoists under Qingxuan seem to have already seen him kill Qin Yu.

“Big brother, it’s time to get rid of this old black turtle.” A strange voice comes out from inside the Blood-red Cave. A monkey that is carrying a black stick on his shoulder then walks out while shaking his head. His body naturally gives off an extremely ferocious aura.

Old Founder Qingxuan’s face immediately changes color.

“Qingxuan, don’t you want to burn me to death with your internal flame?” Qin Yu suddenly gives a laugh.

Everybody at the scene can only see that he turns into a golden beam of light in an instant. Qingxuan opens his eyes wide in terror and hurriedly swings his large hammer out. However, his movement suddenly comes to a halt.

Qin Yu’s body appears again right in front of Qingxuan. He reaches out his right hand. A dark blue short sword in his right hand then penetrates Qingxuan’s throat.

“Old Founder! Old Founder!” Bai Yan cries in a terrified voice.

Bai Yan knows that Old Founder has reached the early Dongxu stage and therefore, in theory, his soul can merge with his yuanying to escape. However, Bai Yan simply does not know that when Qin Yu’s Flaming Sword pierced Qingxuan’s throat, a portion of the Stellar Flame immediately entered his body.

Before Qingxuan’s yuanying can flee, that portion of the Stellar Flame enfolds it.

“Spare me, please spare me.”

Qingxuan’s yuanying cries in terror.

“Don’t you want to burn me to death with your flame? I’m going to give you a taste of your own medicine.” Qin Yu says through his holy sense. He has excellent control of his own flame so even though part of his flame is currently inside Qingxuan’s body, it does not damage Qingxuan’s body.

With an anguished cry, Qingxuan’s soul is finally shattered. Qin Yu sucks that yuanying into his spatial ring directly. He cannot help giving a faint smile because he has just obtained another early Dongxu stage yuanying so easily.

Pu!

He pulls his sword out. Blood immediately spurts from Old Founder Qingxuan’s throat. However, Qin Yu has already moved away several meters instantly as if he has used teleportation.

Bang!

Qingxuan’s corpse falls down powerlessly then drifts nonstop in the ocean’s water.

Stupefied!

The several thousand Xiuyaoists under Qingxuan are stupefied by this scene, so are the Blood-red Cave’s 5000 guards, the 9 guardians and the 50,000 to 60,000 Xiuyaoists in the Blood-red Ridge as well.

“How is this possible?” Bai Yan says to himself in disbelief.

The other Xiuyaoists, however, are so shocked that they are speechless.

Qingxuan was an early Dongxu stage expert but he was unable to survive just one move executed by Qin Yu and got his throat penetrated. The most shocking thing is Qin Yu’s speed. Except for Hou Fei, all of the experts at the scene were not able to see how Qin Yu moved at all.

Previously, they all thought that energy and strength were the most important things to an expert. But now they have realized that an extreme speed is also a terrifying weapon.

“Everybody.”

Qin Yu’s voice rises. All of those Xiuyaoists no longer dare to make a noise. They focus their attention to listen to what he is going to say. They revere strong individuals the most so who among them would not respect Qin Yu after he has shown that he is so powerful?

“Today Qingxuan wanted to seize my cave master position, but,” his voice turns cold, “to do this, you must have enough power! If you attempt to fight for this position with insufficient power like Qingxuan, you’ll only get yourself killed!”

He coldly sweeps his eyes across everyone at the scene.

“I don’t want to see another place like the Qingxuan Ridge in the Blood-red Cave’s territory. I want everybody in this 8 million li radius area to be clear that there is only one ruler, that is, the Blood-red Cave. Anyone who defies me shall be reduced to nothing and have their soul destroyed!”

Overbearing!

No resistance is allowed!

“There are nearly 100 Yuanying stage experts in the Blood-red Cave’s territory. 40 to 50 of them live in the Blood-red Ridge even though they’re not guardians. They will also listen to the Blood-red Cave’s orders in serious situations. It seems the Qingxuan Ridge has 20 to 30 Yuanying stage experts.”

Qin Yu suddenly goes up to Bai Yan.

“I ask you all. Do you want to continue following Qingxuan’s old path? You should know that you will suffer the same fate as him walking this path.” Right after saying this, he turns around and returns to the Blood-red Cave.

Bai Yan is smart so he understands what Qin Yu said.

In the beginning Qin Yu said he did not want to see another rebellious place like the Qingxuan Ridge and if such a place appeared, it would be destroyed completely. So, now, judging from what Qin Yu just personally said to him, the leader of the Qingxuan Ridge, he knows that he has been given 2 paths.

Obeying Qin Yu, he will live!

Defying Qin Yu, he will die!

Bai Yan clenches his teeth. He has made a decision.

......

After entering the Blood-red Cave, Qin Yu and Hou Fei walk back to Lei Mountain House side by side.

“Ha-ha, it was awesome, big brother, really awesome. A sword through the throat.” Hou Fei is very excited. He is violent and bloodthirsty so if someone annoys him, he will only want to smash them to death with his stick. If in the beginning Qin Yu had not told him not to get involved, he would have killed someone so arrogant like Qingxuan early on.

Hearing Hou Fei’s words, Qin Yu does not know what to say.

This time he has behaved in such an overbearing manner but actually he did not want to do so. He is the type who only cares about those who are on his side, so why would he want to control those strangers? However, this is the Xiuzhen world and Qin Yu knows that if he appears to be soft and harmless, those Xiuyaoists will look down on him.

It is a rule in the Xiuzhen world that only strong individuals are respected. Therefore he had to subdue everyone with such imperiousness to make them understand that he is the ruler of this 8 million li radius area. Now no one here will dare to revolt against him because any rebel will be utterly destroyed.

He can only gain total control of this 8 million li radius territory by doing this.

As time passes, the results confirm that Qin Yu’s method is correct.

The population of the Blood-red Ridge quickly increases. Not only do the Qingxuan Ridge’s Xiuyaoists immigrate to the Blood-red Ridge, some other Yuanying stage Xiuyaoists also move over here because they are scared of Qin Yu. Some Yuanying stage Xiuyaoists even ask to become guardians.

In just a month, the whole Blood-red Ridge has become stable like an iron panel with every Xiuyaoist here listening to the Blood-red Cave’s orders. It can be said that the Blood-red Cave’s persuasiveness is now much stronger than it was during Cha Hong’s time. The reason for this is that cave master Qin Yu is even more powerful than Cha Hong!

However, this news spreads very fast and the Great Shell Cave, which is near the Blood-red Cave, quickly hears it.

End of b6c5.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6, 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C6: Uncle Lan, a real expert

In the Silver Claw Cave, one of the 8 caves under the Nine Demons Hall,

At the moment the Silver Claw Cave is putting on a grand show. Various kinds of delicacies and fine wines have been prepared properly. Beautiful girls are also performing dances in the main hall. The 3 brothers, Di Jian, Di Qing and Di Luan, are sitting high in the main hall enjoying the singing and dancing.

It is really too far from the Nine Demons Hall to the Blood-red Cave so these 3 experts cannot be on the move all the time. After rushing every one month or two, they will stop at a cave for a rest.

“My 3 majesties, You Qian would like to drink a toast to you!” A silvery-armored woman raises her cup and says.

The Silver Claw Cave’s master, You Qian, is a woman, who has also reached the early Dongxu stage. There is an air of heroism and valor about her, which makes her different from the Blood-red Cave’s Yan Qing and Xi Yan, who are seductive. Her manner is very swift and fierce, giving a feeling of ruthlessness.

Perhaps it was only because of this ruthlessness that You Qian was able to become the ruler of the Silver Claw Cave’s 9 million li radius territory.

“Qian’er, there’s no need to stand on ceremony too much.” Di Qing says smilingly. He, Di Jian and Di Luan still raise their cups and drink with her. Even though Di Qing is being very nice to her, he will kill her with absolutely no hesitation if necessary.

To Xiuzhenists, sex appeal is definitely not a determinant of their behavior.

After 3 rounds, Di Jian and his brothers feel very good. They keep drinking while enjoying the singing and dancing. Suddenly Di Qing frowns. A transmitter appears in his right hand. As soon as he makes a sweep with his holy sense, his face changes color.

Both Di Jian and Di Luan look at him.

“What happened, 2nd brother?” Di Luan hurriedly asks. Seeing that Di Qing’s face has changed color, he knows that something serious has happened.

Below them, seeing the expressions of the 3 majesties, You Qian immediately makes a wave of her hand to the dancers. They stop dancing at once and go to one side of the main hall. You Qian says nothing either so that she will not disturb the 3 majesties.

Di Qing first waves his hands, setting up a restrictive spell around the 3 of them. He does not want to let You Qian and the others know about their business. He then says with a sigh: “7th brother, your prediction is pretty good. That old turtle Qingxuan has died indeed.”

Di Luan’s and Di Jian’s faces change color.

“2nd brother, then ... that fella called Liu Xing or something is highly suspicious. Maybe he’s 8th brother’s killer.” Di Luan’s eyes glitter with coldness. During this period of time, they have always been pondering who the killer really is.

Di Jian suddenly stands up: “Let’s go immediately. We’re going to capture that Liu Xing fella directly. It doesn’t matter if he’s not the killer, let’s capture him first.”

“Wait a bit. I haven’t finished saying.” Di Qing says indifferently.

Di Jian and Di Luan look at him again.

“Could there be something else, 2nd brother?” Di Luan asks doubtfully.

Di Qing says with a nod: “The message sent by the Great Shell Cave’s master says that Liu Xing needed just one move to kill Qingxuan. Using only one move to kill an early Dongxu stage expert, his power is simply very frightening!”

“One move!”

Di Luan is astonished.

This time, among the 3 of them, Di Jian is at the late Dongxu stage, Di Qing is at the middle Dongxu stage and Di Luan, the weakest, is only at the early Dongxu stage. Even among the Nine Demons Hall’s 9 majesties, Di Luan also ranks last in power.

“He killed an early Dongxu stage expert in one move. That’s how powerful he is.” Di Luan frowns. “It looks like he’s strong enough to kill 8th brother.”

Di Jian’s face is expressionless but killing intent is surging in his eyes: “It doesn’t matter how powerful he is, if he’s 8th brother’s killer, he definitely won’t escape from the palm of my hand.” He totally looks like a ferocious god at the moment.

Di Qing slowly shakes his head and says: “That Liu Xing fella was able to kill Qingxuan not thanks to his powerful energy but thanks to ... his frightening speed!”

“Speed?” Both Di Jian and Di Luan become doubtful.

Di Qing says with a nod: “That’s right, his speed. According to the message, Liu Xing’s speed is really frightening. The Great Shell Cave’s master guesses that he relied on his speed to close in on Qingxuan instantly, making it impossible for Qingxuan to figure out his travelling path, and in the end penetrated Qingxuan’s throat with a sword.”

“Being able to kill an early Dongxu stage expert in one move, his speed is very fast. No wonder his name is Liu Xing.” Di Jian praises.

Di Qing says with a nod: “Now it looks like that cave master Liu Xing is very likely the killer. He’s the prime suspect.”

Di Luan however slightly shakes his head, saying: “2nd brother, now we mustn’t make subjective judgements. If you were the killer of 8th brother and Cha Hong and got one of the 9 Swords, what would you do? Could you display your power openly and become the new cave master?”

Di Qing is startled.

After a while, he says in self-derision: “7th brother, I’m indeed not as smart as you. You’re right, if I got 1 of the 9 Swords, I’d definitely hide in a place that nobody knows about and train hard. When I’m strong enough to rival experts like Azure Dragon, I’d bring the jade sword out and go with them to open the 9 Swords Immortal Mansion.”

“Exactly, is the Blood-red Cave really important compared to the 9 Swords Immortal Mansion?” Di Luan says smilingly.

Di Qing says with a nod: “I understand what you mean. That Liu Xing fella has now become the Blood-red Cave’s master so openly so he’s unlikely to be the killer, right?”

“No.” Di Luan shakes his head.

Di Qing and Di Jian both look at him.

Di Luan says: “I don’t know much about his character. What if he can guess our thinking so he intentionally didn’t go into hiding and, instead, made himself visible? So, Liu Xing is still a suspect.” After he said this, Di Qing and Di Jian are somewhat confused.

“7th brother, a while ago you said Liu Xing was above suspicion, now you say he’s a suspect. What’s your meaning actually?” Di Qing questions him closely.

Di Luan says smilingly: “2nd brother, 6th brother, I said this to make you understand that Liu Xing is a suspect but he’s not the only suspect. We mustn’t totally think that he’s the killer because if we do, we may miss the real killer.”

“Ha-ha, I already get it, 7th brother. Liu Xing is a suspect but we can’t focus our entire attention on him. We have to look at other guys too, right?” Di Qing understands this point.

Di Luan says with a nod: “That’s right. We have to pay attention to all suspects and can’t focus our entire attention on anyone. Any of the suspects can be 8th brother’s killer. If we can’t find out who killed 8th brother, then ... we’ll kill them all!”

Di Luan’s eyes radiate coldness.

He would rather kill 1000 suspects than miss one!

“Good, then let’s go right now. We have to investigate as soon as possible. The longer we wait to begin, the harder it’ll be to investigate.” Di Luan immediately stands up and says.

Di Jian and Di Qing nods. They then remove the restrictive spell around them at once.

“My 3 majesties, I’ve prepared very nice rooms for you. Would you like to get some rest?” says You Qian smilingly.

Di Qing says with a shake of his head: “Qian’er, we have to resume our journey now.” After saying, he immediately flies out of the main hall with Di Jian and Di Luan. They then rush outwards extremely fast. In just a while, they disappear from You Qian’s field of vision.

Only now does You Qian let out a sigh of relief.

When those majesties of the Nine Demons Hall were here, she did not dare to be indiscreet in the least and was really very tense.

“Qiao’er, Lan’er, come here.”

She says to 2 dancers not far from her. Her eyes are blazing...

......

In the Blood-red Cave,

Today the number of the Blood-red Cave’s guardians has reached 16. Originally there were even more Yuanying stage experts who asked to become guardians but because, firstly, there are only a limited number of courtyard houses in the eastern part, and secondly, if there are too many guardians, the numbers of guards distributed to each of them will be too few, the number of guardians has been fixed at 16.

Moreover, even though those Yuanying stage experts who live in the Blood-red Ridge are not guardians, they will still listen to the Blood-red Cave’s orders at critical junctures.

On the balcony of Lei Mountain House’s 2nd floor,

This balcony is 6 to 7 m long and 3 to 4 m wide so it has a relatively large area.

“You’re still reading books, big brother? This is really boring. Today I gave those guardians a scolding in the main hall. Kaka, it was very interesting. But they actually needed scolding. They only know how to enjoy themselves and lack training!”

Hou Fei sits down on one side of Qin Yu.

Qin Yu puts the old book he is reading down and says smilingly to Hou Fei: “Fei Fei, during this period of time, the Blood-red Cave has been run completely by you. I can see that you’re very excited. In the past you said you’d occupy a mountain and become a boss. This means you like to manage subordinates, right? From now on, I’ll give the entire Blood-red Cave to you. Xiao Hei and I won’t manage it. Only find me and Xiao Hei if something important arises, okay?”

Qin Yu has largely been alone since he was a kid so he is used to solitude. As for Xiao Hei, he is aloof and proud so he does not like to manage a large number of subordinates either.

By contrast, Hou Fei likes the feeling of being followed by a large entourage and being a boss.

“Ha-ha, very good, this is really very good. Anyway, there are 3 positions in the main hall so you 2 can come whenever you like. But I’ll come every time you want to have a meeting.” Hou Fei is so excited that he makes strange quacks and scratches his head.

Qin Yu gives a smile.

In a place like this Xiuyao world, a cave master’s main role is to rely on his individual intimidation to occasionally give orders and not to manage his subordinates every day. Of course, it will be much better if the subordinates are managed every day.

“Fei Fei, this black stick of yours is made of a very strange material. What grade is it?” Qin Yu asks Hou Fei.

Hou Fei is startled. After a while, he says with a shake of his head: “I don’t know either. But I feel that this stick is at least not lower than top-grade holy weapons. Master gave me this black stick when I was little. I’ve been carrying it with me all the time. It has also never disappointed me.”

Qin Yu nods.

It is not strange for him to have asked so. He has seen all kinds of holy weapons, low-grade ones, middle-grade ones, high-grade ones and even top-grade ones, but he has never seen a weapon like Hou Fei’s black stick. Judging by appearances, it is like a normal black stick.

But this black stick is definitely not inferior to top-grade holy weapons.

“You said Uncle Lan gave you this black stick?” Qin Yu suddenly thinks about what Hou Fei just said.

Hou Fei says with a nod: “I started to follow Uncle Lan when I was little so of course all of my stuff was given to me by him. If he hadn’t, then who would have given me?”

“Right, do you know how powerful Uncle Lan actually is? When I was in the ravine, I felt that he was unfathomable. You’re his disciple so you should know about his power, right?” He made a certain decision long ago. Now he is only collecting some additional information related to it.

Hou Fei says with a glare: “Don’t doubt my master’s power, big brother. He’s so strong that you simply can’t imagine it. In the past I once entered berserk mode and felt that I was too strong in that state but ... he knocked me out with just a palm strike.”

Qin Yu’s heart skips a beat.

A knockout palm strike!

Qin Yu certainly knows well how powerful Hou Fei is. He is a divine beast so even without using berserk mode he is already extremely strong. Once he enters berserk mode, he will be terrifying. Qin Yu even thinks that, in that state, Hou Fei can be a worthy adversary for Di Long of the Nine Demons Hall.

However, even in that state, Hou Fei was knocked unconscious by Uncle Lan with a palm strike.

“Right, after regaining consciousness, did you feel unwell in any way?” Qin Yu asks again.

Hou Fei says smilingly: “No, I didn’t. Master is much more powerful than me so his palm was just enough to knock me out and didn’t harm me at all. Heaven knows how many times more powerful than me he really is.” Hou Fei cannot help marveling.

This is also the reason why Hou Fei never dares to complain when Uncle Lan tells him to do something.

“So strong.” Qin Yu is delighted.

When he was pondering what would happen if he killed Di Tong, he thought that in the worst-case scenario the Nine Demons Hall would want to hunt him down. Just before he got into action, he remembered Uncle Lan, a real expert who is totally unfathomable to him.

Qin Yu felt that Uncle Lan was very strong, extraordinarily strong. At least he could not even sense a clue about Uncle Lan’s power.

Therefore, he dared to kill Di Tong and to occupy the Blood-red Cave with his 2 brothers.

If in the end the Nine Demons Hall really hunts for him, he and his brothers will fight an exciting battle against it. Given their abilities, they can certainly shake the Nine Demons Hall. Even if they suffer a defeat, they can still run to Uncle Lan and ask him to help them.

Qin Yu is totally confident about his speed.

......

2 days later,

Qin Yu is saying goodbyes to Hei Yu and Hou Fei. According to his calculations, there are several months left before the Nine Demons Hall’s members arrive. But he has still decided to take a trip back to the ravine in advance. The 3 brothers therefore have to part even though they do not want to.

“Xiao Hei, these are 2 top-grade crystals. Your awl is only a high-grade holy weapon. If you think they aren’t enough, I still have another chunk.” Before leaving, Qin Yu gives Hei Yu 2 chunks of crystal.

“One chunk is enough.” Hei Yu receives a chunk and does not touch the other. Qin Yu takes back the other chunk without saying anything. There is already no need for reserve between them. On one side, Hou Fei is discontented.

“Big brother, you gave that hairy bird a top-grade crystal, but why didn’t you give me one?” He says resentfully.

“Your black stick is already not weaker than top-grade holy weapons. If you still want top-grade crystals then give me that black stick.” Qin Yu says smilingly. Hou Fei immediately hugs his black stick then fuses it with his body.

“Alright, let’s stop chatting. I’m going now. You two can tell the guardians that I’m doing closed-door training. Get it?” Qin Yu looks smilingly at his 2 brothers.

Hei Yu and Hou Fei nod.

The dark blue Flaming Sword immediately appears under Qin Yu’s feet. His golden stellar energy then flows through his body and the sword. In an instant, his entire body turns into a golden beam of light and disappears in the distance. His speed is really frighteningly fast.

End of b6c6.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6, 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C7: Psychic

The ravine is less than a million li from the Blood-red Ridge and Qin Yu has become nearly 10 times faster than before so it takes him just one day to reach the ravine. Not even those Purple Demon aquatic dragons from the Nine Demons Hall can imagine his speed.

Late Meteor stage experts can rely on their speed and concentrated offense to fight late Dongxu stage Xiuxianists. This means that late Meteor stage experts are at least superior to late Dongxu stage Xiuxianists in speed. Therefore, it is easy to imagine how fast Qin Yu is.

He rushes to the entrance of the ravine. At first sight, there is only a continuous mountain range around this place. Outsiders basically will not be able to notice that there is a ravine hidden here.

“Big brother Liu Xing. No, big brother Qin Yu.”

A purple-clad girl who appears to be in her early teens rushes out through the flora at the bottom of the ocean and shouts loudly in excitement as soon as she sees Qin Yu. He turns around to take a look and cannot help bursting out laughing: “Little Yan Zi, why did you go out of the ravine?”

“It was boring inside so I went out for a stroll.” Yan Zi opens her little mouth wide and says. The purple fish scale between her eyebrows is shining. Her purple hair, which is long enough to reach her hips, is flowing freely.

Yan Zi suddenly says with brightening eyes: “Let’s go, brother Qin Yu. Go with me into the ravine. Sis Li’er will definitely be very happy once she knows that you’ve returned. Quick, don’t be sluggish.” As she is saying this, she holds Qin Yu’s hand and pulls him while rushing at a precipice.

Before Qin Yu and Yan Zi smash into the precipice, they disappear.

After entering the ravine, when Qin Yu sees those familiar plants and scenes, his eyes cannot help brightening. In the past, he stayed in this ravine for 3 years. Now, having returned to the ravine, he feels as if he has broken away from the bloodshed outside and his mental tranquility has been restored.

“Ting ~~”

A sound of a zither string is heard and then the music he is familiar with rises. Qin Yu stands outside the bamboo house and closes his eyes to listen to it quietly. There is a faint smile on the corners of his mouth all along. When he is listening to the music, time seems to pass very quickly.

When the music stops, Qin Yu opens his eyes.

Only now does he notice that Yan Zi has already gone into the bamboo house. After a while, some Xiuyaoists gather. All of them live in the ravine. They and Qin Yu are also very familiar with each other. Every one of them greets him.

“Big brother Liu Xing! Oh, right, it’s big brother Qin Yu.” The fat Xiuyaoist with a black turtle’s shell on his back shouts in excitement.

Qin Yu says with a smile when he sees him: “So it’s you, Fatty. There are also Thinny and Silver Shell here. Fei Fei hasn’t been here for a while so, without anyone beating you, your time must have passed very comfortably, right?” He looks smilingly at the Xiuyaoists before him.

The fat Xiuyaoist with the black turtle shell shakes his head a couple of times and says complacently: “Of course it’s been comfortable. Now I can sleep for 3 days and nights without being disturbed by anyone. When I’ve got nothing to do, I can play chess with Thinny and the others. The game of Go Uncle Lan taught us is really interesting.”

“It’s just that ...” he frowns, “sometimes I still rather miss boss Hou.”

Silver Shell, who is carrying 2 daggers, is pondering. It seems he rather misses Hou Fei too.

“Oh my, you really haven’t got beaten enough.” Qin Yu jokes. “All right, you guys keep playing. I’ve still got something to discuss with Uncle Lan.” He says goodbyes to these few Xiuyaoists then goes straight into the bamboo house.

After entering the house, he sees at a glance that Uncle Lan is quietly enjoying tea in the courtyard.

“Come here, Qin Yu.” He slightly raises his head and says smilingly.

Qin Yu nods and walks up to Uncle Lan just like when he was in this bamboo house before. After Qin Yu sits down, Uncle Lan turns his hand over and a teacup appears. He fills it for Qin Yu, who sniffs the scent of the tea carefully.

“Uncle Lan, this is your Hundred-Leafed tea, right?” When he was here before, he already drank this Hundred-Leafed tea a good few times.

“Looks like you still remember.” Uncle Lan says smilingly. “All right, Qin Yu, say, why have you come to find your Uncle Lan? Don’t tell me that you’ve come to drink tea with me. I think if you say you’ve come to see Li’er, that’s still somewhat believable.” He jokes.

After Li’er’s name was mentioned, Qin Yu turns his head and looks at her room. He cannot help concentrating his energy in his ears to listen to the conversation between Miss Li’er and Yan Zi in the room.

“Yan Zi, what flower is this? Where did you get it? It’s very beautiful. Why didn’t I see it when I went out?” Miss Li’er’s voice rises.

“He-he, there’s an island not far from here on the ocean surface. I went up there to pluck it. There’re still many flowers there, but this kind of flower only lives on land and can’t grow in the ocean. I had to put it in my storage bracelet to bring it down here.”

“What are you listening, brat?” Uncle Lan’s voice suddenly rises in his ears.

“Ah.” Qin Yu wakes up with a start and looks at Uncle Lan, who seems to be smiling without smiling. “This, ah, right, Uncle Lan, just now you asked why I’d come back here, didn’t you? I’ve returned because of an important matter indeed and I need your help with it.”

Uncle Lan says with dissatisfaction: “Don’t change the subject.”

Qin Yu can only smile and act the fool.

“I can guess what you want me to do. You courted trouble outside and the enemies are too strong for you to be confident of handling them so you want me to help you, right?” Uncle Lan looks at Qin Yu and says smilingly.

Qin Yu suddenly feels that the look Uncle Lan is giving him seems to be able to see through his mind.

“Expert! He’s really an expert.” Qin Yu marvels inwardly.

There is no point in lying so he says sincerely: “I asked for trouble by killing a Purple Demon aquatic dragon. But there’s no danger for the moment because the enemies still don’t know that I’m the killer. I’ve come to ask for your help just in case they find out the truth. You also know Fei Fei’s temper. If a real fight happens, he won’t be able to restrain himself. You don’t want to see Fei Fei and me get beaten to death by our enemies, do you?”

“Killing a Purple Demon aquatic dragon? No, this is not the source of trouble.” Uncle Lan’s sagacious eyes stare at Qin Yu: “The source of your troubles is that jade sword. But it can also be a blessing to you.”

Qin Yu is dumbfounded.

“Uncle Lan, you ...”

He is stupefied. Could it be Uncle Lan is psychic? He has only told Xiao Hei and Hou Fei that he obtained that jade sword. Moreover, neither of them has told Uncle Lan about it, so how was Uncle Lan able to know about it? This is really a bit too frightening.

“You think you can fool me with so little cunning? That jade sword is troublesome, but you’re qualified to have it.” Uncle Lan says after pondering for a while.

Qin Yu listens to him carefully.

The more he communicates with Uncle Lan, the more he finds Uncle Lan unfathomable. At the same time, he feels that Uncle Lan treats him really very well. He also believes that everything Uncle Lan says and does is for the benefit of him.

“Mister Liu Xing, oh, Mister Qin Yu, you have returned?” Miss Li’er walks out from her room. She is clad in blue and her long hair is tied up with just a hairband. Yan Zi is beside her. Obviously Miss Li’er is very happy upon seeing Qin Yu.

They have been apart for a long time so when Qin Yu sees her again, his eyes brighten. He says immediately: “Miss Li’er, I’ve returned this time because I got some matters to discuss with Uncle Lan.”

As Uncle Lan sees Qin Yu’s current expression, his facial expression changes several times. His eyes also slightly redden. Now Miss Li’er also notices the changes in his expression. Despite being a calm and natural person, she becomes anxious and hurriedly says: “Is something the matter, Uncle Lan?”

Unlike outsiders, she knows what happened to him before.

Qin Yu also looks at Uncle Lan in amazement. During his 3-year stay in this bamboo house before, Uncle Lan once had this expression in a talk between them too. In those 3 years, he only saw it once.

“Qin Yu, I’ll give you an advice.” After regaining his composure, Uncle Lan says coolly to Qin Yu.

Qin Yu looks at him.

Uncle Lan says firmly while looking at Qin Yu: “You have to be true to your feelings no matter what happens later. To survive in this world, you’ll have to restrain yourself on many occasions, but if you restrain yourself too much, something that makes you feel regretful for the rest of your life can happen. Remember ... sometimes, you have to be true to yourself even if you’ll die from this.”

“Uncle Lan.” Miss Li’er looks at him and exclaims.

Uncle Lan says with a wave of his hand: “Li’er, you and Qin Yu can keep chatting. There’s no need to care about me.” After saying this, he reaches out a hand. A stone immediately flies into his hand. It then radiates many purple rays of light, blue rays of light and green rays of light.

In a moment, the stone is turned into a transmitter.

“Qin Yu, I know why you’ve come to find me this time. If you’re in danger, just send a message into this transmitter with your holy sense and I’ll know immediately.” Uncle Lan tosses Qin Yu the transmitter that he has just forged instantly.

Qin Yu feels very doubtful.

If it is about messaging each other then why can he not use his own transmitter to send messages to Uncle Lan’s? Why did Uncle Lan specifically create a transmitter for him and say that he, Uncle Lan, will know as soon as he sends a message into it with his holy sense?

When he receives this transmitter, he feels that it is special and different from anything he has seen, that is, it does not give off any energy.

“Uncle Lan.” Qin Yu raises his head, but he discovers that Uncle Lan has already left the courtyard and gone back to his room.

Miss Li’er looks solemnly at Qin Yu, saying: “Qin Yu, since Uncle Lan already gave you even this, you must remember his advice just now. Don’t forget it.” Afterwards, she lets out a sigh. No one knows what she is thinking about.

Qin Yu is very doubtful in his heart.

But he still commits that advice to memory.

“You just called me Qin Yu, Miss Li’er. It’s really rare for you to do this. You seem to have always called me Mister Liu Xing or Mister Qin Yu before.” Qin Yu says smilingly.

Li’er shakes her head and says with a smile: “Qin Yu, actually I’ve always felt that there’s a lack of mutual understanding between the other Xiuzhenists and myself. It seems we don’t belong to the same world. So, I’ve mostly stayed at a respectful distance from them. All right, from now on don’t call me Miss Li’er anymore. It’s okay to just call me Li’er.”

Qin Yu’s heart trembles.

What Li’er said means that she no longer notices any barriers between them, does it not?

“Li’er, I’ve called you so, are you happy?” Qin Yu does not reveal what he is thinking one bit.

Miss Li’er gives a smile then looks at Uncle Lan’s room: “Qin Yu, do you know that in my clan, Uncle Lan is absolutely one who overflows with genius? His power has reached ... Oh, why am I talking with you about this? Right, are you going to leave immediately after discussing your matters with him?”

“There’s no hurry. I’m going to stay here for several months.” Qin Yu has calculated carefully that even if the Nine Demons Hall’s members set off as soon as Di Tong died, perhaps they would need a year to arrive at the Blood-red Cave.

Miss Li’er is slightly happy to hear this.

“Qin Yu, I’m leaving first. See you later.”

Qin Yu nods and smilingly watches her go back to her room. He feels that the changes in Uncle Lan just now have caused Miss Li’er to change her attitude towards him.

“Li’er and Uncle Lan have usually mentioned their clan, what clan is it actually?” He ponders for a long time but cannot figure out anything. However, his current mood is not bad because he feels that he seems to have become a bit closer to Miss Li’er.

......

Among the 8 caves under the Nine Demons Hall, the Great Shell Cave is adjacent to the Blood-red Cave.

The name of the Great Shell Cave’s master is Fu Hao.

At the moment he is leaning back in a chair carved from a large chunk of jade. His potbelly is bulging. 2 ladies-in-waiting are massaging his shoulders and 2 others are kneading his legs. 2 other ladies-in-waiting on his 2 sides are taking turn putting some rare fruits in his mouth.

In the 8 caves, Fu Hao is the fattest and greediest. He is not very strong and is weaker than Cha Hong. He has only reached the late Yuanying stage, but his cave master throne is as stable as a mountain.

“Alright, all of you can leave.”

Fu Hao’s eunuch-like high-pitched voice rises. The 6 ladies-in-waiting immediately bow and leave his place. Fu Hao himself begins to ponder while stroking his soft white chin and frowning deeply.

He is fat, but his skin is white and smooth and his eyes are lively like children’s.

“Judging from the information from both sides, 8th majesty is really dead. Now that 2nd majesty, 6th majesty and 7th majesty are rushing to the Blood-red Cave, 8th majesty’s death should have something to do with the Blood-red Cave. Given 8th majesty’s status, why did he approach the Blood-red Cave, which is near the Qian Long continent?”

Fu Hao considers carefully for a while.

“Could it be because of some treasure?” Even if he were smarter, he would not figure out the true reason, because he knows nothing about the existence of the 9 Swords.

Suddenly --

“Fu Hao.” A red light beam flashes and a silhouette appears in front of Fu Hao.

The arriver is very thin and straight like a pole and is dressed in a blood-red robe. His facial expression is ice-cold and grim. With his face, even if he smiles, he will still give a grim feeling.

As soon as Fu Hao sees this man, his eyes brighten. He bows and says with a big smile on his face: “Greetings, Lord Teng (*). May I ask why you have come to my place? I’ll definitely tell you everything I know.” His pleasant smile coupled with his white and smooth fat face makes him look really loveable.

“3 majesties of the Nine Demons Hall should’ve messaged you, am I wrong?” This Lord Teng says smilingly.

Despite his smile, his eyes are ice-cold like 2 stars in a winter night.

NOTE:

(*): Lord Teng and Teng Bi have the same surname in Chinese.

End of b6c7.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6, 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C8: Qin Yu and Li’er

Fu Hao is secretly startled.

“The Azure Dragon Palace is really very formidable. It seems to have planted a lot of spies into the Nine Demons Hall. Lord Teng is really formidable. He even knows that 3 majesties messaged me.” He thinks like lightning, and in an instant, he says in a disbelieving manner while appearing extremely shocked: “Lord Teng, how, how did you know about this?”

Still with a grim expression, Lord Teng continues: “You don’t need to ask why I knew. Now all you have to do is answer my every question.”

“Yes, please feel free to ask me, Lord Teng.” Fu Hao says respectfully.

Lord Teng says coldly: “Who are the 3 majesties that have just left the Nine Demons Hall?”

“They are 2nd majesty, 6th majesty and 7th majesty.” Fu Hao says all he knows without any hesitation.

Lord Teng says again: “Which cave do these 3 majesties want to go to this time?”

“The Blood-red Cave!”

Fu Hao is answering so quickly but he is also scolding in his mind: “This horned dragon definitely knows who those 3 majesties are and where they are going to. He’s just asking me to check if I’m lying.”

“Then do you know why they are going to the Blood-red Cave?” This time Lord Teng stares into Fu Hao’s eyes.

The look in Fu Hao’s childlike lively eyes does not change one bit. He immediately says in a powerless manner: “Lord Teng, I don’t know about this. My Great Shell Cave is just a minor power. If 2nd majesty hadn’t messaged me several times, I wouldn’t have even known anything.”

Lord Teng nods his head.

8th majesty’s death is a big secret and the Nine Demons Hall has also been doing its best to conceal this. He himself had to rely on different sources of information to deduce that 8th majesty is dead so it is not unusual for Fu Hao to know nothing.

Even though Lord Teng does not mind Fu Hao’s answer, his face still darkens.

Seeing this, Fu Hao appears to be somewhat terrified.

“Then I ask you, what did those 3 majesties and you say to each other in the messages?” Lord Teng immediately asks.

Fu Hao says in panic at once: “There were many things because 2nd majesty and I messaged each other several times. What do you want me to tell you?”

Lord Teng’s face changes color. He shouts: “What did he message you to ask about? Tell me everything in detail. Don’t leave out anything.”

“Yes.” Fu Hao immediately says in a rush: “2nd majesty first asked me if there had been any changes in the Blood-red Cave. I then told them that Cha Hong had been killed and a guardian called Liu Xing had seized the new cave master position.”

Lord Teng nods with an expressionless face.

Fu Hao takes a look at his expression then hurriedly continues: “Afterwards, 2nd majesty ordered me to message that old black turtle Qingxuan, telling him that he had been appointed as the new master of the Blood-red Cave.”

Lord Teng keeps listening while staring at Fu Hao.

“That old turtle Qingxuan then went to seize that position but he was killed by new cave master Liu Xing in just one move. That Liu Xing fella is really terrifying. I think he should’ve reached the middle Dongxu stage. Oh well, I really can’t understand why an expert who could kill Qingxuan in one hit like him was willing to be a guardian before. This is really strange.” Fu Hao begins to run off at the mouth.

“Don’t talk nonsense. I didn’t ask you other things. I only care about the messages between Di Qing and you.” Lord Teng shouts coldly.

“Yes, yes.” Fu Hao hurriedly obeys. “After the 3 majesties knew about this, they seemed to care a lot about this cave master Liu Xing. They even ordered me to secretly send my subordinates to the Blood-red Ridge to investigate everything related to him.”

Fu Hao suddenly stops saying.

“Huh?”

Lord Teng’s eyes flash with coldness.

“That’s all, sir.” Fu Hao says in panic.

Lord Teng’s piercing look eases off a little. He then says: “Oh, that’s it?”

“They also messaged me a couple more times but they only asked about things related to the Blood-red Cave. However I knew nothing so I told them I knew very little or didn’t even know. These messages are not worth mentioning.” Fu Hao immediately explains more clearly.

Lord Teng nods then ponders for a while.

“Fu Hao,” he suddenly smiles. “Remember, if you serve us, we certainly won’t treat you unfairly. I believe those 3 majesties from the Nine Demons Hall will definitely come to the Great Shell Cave for some rest soon. At that time, they’ll ask you many things. You’ll have to tell me everything that they ask and say through your transmitter.”

“Yes, Lord Teng.” Fu Hao says respectfully with a smile.

All of a sudden, Fu Hao’s eyes brighten and stare at something above the palm of Lord Teng’s hand. That is a floating crystal.

“A top-grade crystal?” Even his breathing has quickened.

When even the spatial ring of the Nine Demons Hall’s 8th majesty only contained 5 top-grade crystals, it can be imagined how rare and valuable this top-grade crystal is. Generally, it is very difficult for Xiuyaoists of the same caliber as the masters of the 8 caves under the Nine Demons Hall to obtain top-grade crystals.

“Yes, we’re pretty satisfied with your behavior in the past 2 years so this top-grade crystal is given to you as a reward.” Lord Teng makes a wave of his hand and that crystal immediately flies in front of Fu Hao.

After receiving this top-grade crystal, Fu Hao hurriedly says: “Don’t worry, Lord Teng. As long as I know something, I’ll definitely inform you about it. After some time, when those 3 majesties come here, I’m going to message you everything they say and do.”

Hearing Fu Hao’s last sentence, Lord Teng gives a rare faint smile.

“Very well, you’re a smart fella. If you work for us instead of the Nine Demons Hall, your future will surely be brighter than it’ll be otherwise. I believe you understand what I mean?”

Right after Lord Teng said this, his red robe flaps and he leaves extremely fast. He has come to and left the Great Shell Cave as he pleases without any hindrance. To him, Fu Hao’s guards and restrictive spells are basically just there for show.

......

A month later,

When Fu Hao is rolling in the bed with a beautiful woman, he suddenly stops.

“Sweetie, you can leave first.”

He unwillingly gives an order then gets dressed at once. When there is no one else in the room, a fat man appears and leans back in the jade chair that Fu Hao often uses. This man is even fatter and shorter than him.

The short fat man has a thin moustache consisting of 2 lines of hair that look like daggers.

“Lord Lou, it’s been just a half year yet you have come to eat my treasure again?” Unlike when he saw Lord Teng, Fu Hao behaves in a very relaxed manner when he sees this Lord Lou. But his facial expression has turned bitter.

The short fat man strokes his moustache then says laughingly: “Yeah, your Blood-red Flaming Honey is really delicious so this can’t be helped. Why don’t you give me another bowl?”

“Bowl?!”

Fu Hao suddenly shrieks as if he has been chopped at with a knife.

“You even said bowl? I only got 3 small bottles in total. Even if they are put together, they won’t fill a bowl!” He says indignantly but his face suddenly turns pale.

This Lord Lou bursts into evil laughter: “Ha-ha, oh my, you’ve still got 3 bottles yet last time you told me you got only one. Humph, humph, unless you give me 2 bottles, don’t even think that you’ll be okay. Say, what do you want? Giving them to me with respect or having all 3 bottles snatched by me?”

Fu Hao and Lord Lou like sweets very much. This Blood-red Flaming Honey not only makes the eaters feel a pleasant burning sensation inside as if they are drinking spirit, it is also uniquely sweet, therefore these 2 fat fellows are addicted to it.

“2 bottles, oh my, just kill me instead.”

Fu Hao would rather die than obey.

After bargaining for a while, he eventually unwillingly surrenders one and a half bottles of Blood-red Flaming Honey to Lord Lou. Seeing Lord Lou’s satisfied expression, he feels a great pain in his heart.

Lord Lou opens a bottle and has a gentle sniff of the honey’s scent, appearing to take great pleasure in doing so. But he says at the same time: “Alright, now is the main business. There should be no need for me to say much, right? Tell me everything you know.”

Fu Hao is secretly frustrated: “Damn it. What the hell has been going on in the past 2 years that both the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion have come to find me? Could it be I’ve become popular? But I’ve benefited considerably too.”

In fact, this Lord Lou and Lord Teng have come to Fu Hao only in the last 2 years. They both have asked Fu Hao to work for them. Because they are very powerful experts, the only thing Fu Hao has been able to do is obey their orders.

Lord Teng and Lord Lou are very secretive and do not let anyone else notice them every time either of them comes here.

After a talk, Lord Lou eventually knows what he wanted to know, but he is obviously somewhat stingier than Lord Teng because in the end he only rewards Fu Hao with a high-grade holy weapon, which naturally causes Fu Hao to secretly curse him.

Only when Fu Hao sees Lord Lou leave does he secretly let out a sigh of relief.

“Not bad, luckily I was quick enough to immediately say that I got 3 bottles of Blood-red Flaming Honey instead of nine.” In his heart, he is pleased with what he has done.

For the moment, Fu Hao is stuck between the 3 superpowers and is passing every day in horror, but he has gained quite a lot as well.

He does not know that the Azure Dragon Palace, the Blue Water Mansion and the Nine Demons Hall generally do not care about minor powers such as the 8 caves and do not plant spies into them either. For example, the Azure Dragon Palace has only infiltrated spies into the Nine Demons Hall and the Blue Water Mansion.

Even the Nine Demons Hall has never really cared about the 8 caves under it.

2 years ago, the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion discovered that 8th majesty of the Nine Demons Hall had left the hall. Even though the Nine Demons Hall announced that he was doing closed-door training, the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion had planted their spies into it long before that.

However, Di Tong’s whereabouts were very secret so the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion were unable to find out what he wanted to do.

But they did not pay too much attention to this either because while it was worth tracking a majesty of the Nine Demons Hall who had stealthily come out to do something, this was not very important. However, later they received a piece of news from inside the Nine Demons Hall -- “the other 8 majesties were extremely furious outside the place where the soul jade slips are kept.”

Based on this and the fact that 3 majesties left the Nine Demons Hall at once, they concluded that 8th majesty was dead.

Only at that time did the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion realize that 8th majesty’s secret departure from the Nine Demons Hall was not something simple. They immediately began to pay attention to it and even dispatched Lord Teng and Lord Lou, 2 super experts, to investigate.

Lord Teng and Lord Lou then happened to take the same action -- finding Fu Hao.

The 3 superpowers have been competing with each other both openly and secretly, and likewise the 8 caves under the Nine Demons Hall. 100 years ago, the Great Shell Cave, which is the one nearest the Blood-red Cave, infiltrated quite a few spies into the Blood-red Cave so there is absolutely no one who knows more about the Blood-red Cave’s affairs than the Great Shell Cave’s master.

Therefore, Fu Hao immediately became the focus of attention from the 3 superpowers. Di Qing has usually contacted him through his transmitter.

Lord Teng and Lord Lou have normally communicated with him via his transmitter as well. It is just that this time they knew that 3 majesties would come to the Great Shell Cave soon and it would not take long to reach the Blood-red Cave from the Great Shell Cave, so they have personally found Fu Hao and rewarded him.

The Azure Dragon Palace ranks 1st among the 3 superpowers and its overlord has shown that he is really worthy of being called the no. 1 expert in the overseas Xiuzhen world by giving Fu Hao much more than the Blue Water Mansion did.

......

“Qin Yu, to be honest, it seems you don’t understand the game of Go. As for this game of chess, even though you taught it to me, you see, check.”

Li’er moves her horse.

Qin Yu is immediately dumbfounded. His king can still make a move, but he can see that Li’er’s other horse has already been placed in a good position and will checkmate him right afterwards. He simply has no way out.

“Li’er, you’ve won again.”

He has no choice but to give up.

Actually he understands the game of Go. According to Grandpa Lian, he even belongs to the intermediate level on the Qian Long continent. However, every time he played Li’er, he was forced to admit defeat after 100 moves.

Qin Yu was secretly frustrated: “Can I be blamed? She always beats me after 100 moves. The gap is too great. Perhaps she even waits until after the 100th move to finish me off to let me save face.”

When he played the game of Go with Li’er, he noticed that sometimes her pieces would only be useful 100 moves later. Qin Yu was secretly shocked by this. Li’er’s calculation power was really too strong already. How could she plan ahead so many moves?

Thus, Qin Yu was forced to admit defeat again and again.

However, as a son of the Qin clan, he did not like this, so he suggested playing the game of chess. Li’er knew absolutely nothing about this game but Qin Yu was even mean enough to explain its many rules vaguely to her. Only after she made a move would he tell her something about the rules.

Thanks to this ... he won the first game.

Only after this game did Li’er have a rough understanding of the rules.

In the 2nd game, Qin Yu felt clearly that her chess ability had improved by leaps and bounds. Because he had many years of experience in chess and had read quite a few chess manuals in Misty Villa, he was able to win the 2nd game with effort.

However ... he has always lost since the 3rd game.

His manly dignity is all gone. He has thought that he himself is smart and that even his father Qin De will have difficulty winning against him but Li’er has defeated him with utter ease. Every time they have played, only when the game was almost over could Qin Yu discover how precise her moves were.

“Qin Yu, don’t be discouraged. In fact your chess skill ...”

Qin Yu immediately looks at Li’er.

“... is just a little weak.”

He cannot help feeling sad. Actually she wanted to say that his skill was very weak but in the end she showed some mercy. As soon as Li’er sees Qin Yu’s expression, she says as if she is a teacher: “Since your skill is weak, you’ll need to learn carefully. I’ll play a game with Uncle Lan in a while and you have to watch it with attention.”

It has been a half year. Qin Yu has often played chess with Li’er during this period and he has lost most of the time.

“All right.” He says smilingly. In fact, he does not care too much about winning and losing in chess. But he likes Li’er’s wise expression when she plays chess, which always gives him a peaceful easy feeling. Suddenly, he becomes serious: “Li’er, I’ve got something to tell you.”

“What is it?” Li’er says with a smile.

“I’m going to leave tomorrow. It’s time I went back to the Blood-red Cave.” Actually, he should have left this place long ago, but he has been delaying his departure. Now he knows that members of the Nine Demons Hall can come anytime within a month or two so he has no choice but to return.

Li’er is startled. She has been playing chess with Qin Yu every day for the last half year so for the moment, in her heart, she is somewhat reluctant to be parted from him.

But then she immediately says smilingly again: “After you’ve handled all your matters, you’ll have to visit me frequently. And when you’ve returned, don’t forget to polish up your chess skill, okay?”

Qin Yu nods his head.

“Definitely!”

He says very affirmatively.

End of b6c8.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C9: The arrival of the 3 demons

Outside the entrance of the ravine, Uncle Lan, Li’er and all the Xiuyaoists in the ravine such as Yan Zi have gathered to bid farewell to Qin Yu. This time, he has been staying in the ravine for more than a half year. Once again, Qin Yu has felt that the heat current sent out by his Meteoric Tear has become stronger by 2 to 3 times during this period.

It was also like this when he was here last time and only went back to normal after he had left the ravine. In the last half year, he has often listened to Li’er’s music so his mental state has improved quite a lot and his soul has become even more materialized. Now his soul level has already reached the peak of the early Dongxu stage and can experience another breakthrough anytime.

“There’s no need to keep seeing me off, everybody. And don’t worry about the Blood-red Cave’s affairs. Once I’ve dealt with them, I’m going to return to visit you. After all, the distance between the ravine and the Blood-red Cave is fairly short.” Qin Yu says smilingly to everyone.

Only at his current level does he dare to say that a nearly 1 million li distance is not far.

“It’s not far indeed. When I have free time, I’ll also come to visit you. You’ll have to improve your chess skill intensively and don’t let me defeat you so easily next time.” Li’er says with a smile. Given her marvelous travelling technique, she really can cover a million li very easily.

Hearing the words ‘chess skill’, Qin Yu cannot help having a headache. But he still says with a big smile on his face: “Of course I will, Li’er. In fact, my chess skill isn’t too weak. It’s just that your skill is somewhat too ... abnormal.”

Li’er is a little annoyed at once. But this is just because of her shyness. During this period of time, Qin Yu has often kidded her and she has never become very angry. However, he likes how she looks when she is both embarrassed and annoyed very much.

“Xiao Yu.”

Uncle Lan says.

When Qin Yu just returned to the ravine more than a half year ago, he had a talk with Uncle Lan. Afterwards, Uncle Lan somehow changed his mind and had a completely different attitude towards Qin Yu. He also began to call Qin Yu ‘Xiao Yu’ just like how a senior would call his junior instead of ‘Qin Yu.’ Of course, Qin Yu did not mind this.

“Remember the transmitter I gave you and that advice.” Uncle Lan says this sentence with a fairly serious expression. He then says smilingly: “Don’t think too much. Just try to temper yourself outside. This ravine is calm and quiet but it’s unsuitable for someone young and inexperienced like you.”

Qin Yu nods resolutely: “I already remembered, Uncle Lan.”

“Big brother Qin Yu, next time you’ll have to give me and sis Jin presents. Most importantly, you’ll have to give sis Li’er a present.” Yan Zi says playfully on one side.

Qin Yu nods at her then looks at the other residents of the ravine. His eyes stop on Li’er a bit longer.

“There’s no need to keep seeing me off, everybody, goodbye.”

After saying this, he immediately stands on the Flaming Sword and rushes towards the Blood-red Cave like a beam of light. The Xiuyaoists then go back into the ravine one by one, but Li’er is still looking in Qin Yu’s direction. There is a hint of disappointment in her eyes at the moment.

“Sis Li’er, you don’t like to be separated from him, do you?” Yan Zi says laughingly on one side of her. On the other side, Xiao Jin also begins to kid her.

Li’er regains her normal composure in an instant.

“Humph, the 2 of you even dare to poke fun at me. Now Qin Yu has gone, I need someone else to play chess with. All right, then I’m going to play with you two.” She makes a wave of her hand. Yan Zi and Xiao Jin are unexpectedly immobilized at once. Li’er returns to the ravine right afterwards. Surprisingly, Yan Zi and Xiao Jin automatically float after her.

If Qin Yu were to see this move, he would be dumbfounded.

This is really the power of a Jindan stage Xiuzhenist?

“Sis Li’er, you’re very merciful so please forgive us. We already know that we were wrong. We can’t play chess. It’s too complicated and headachy for us.” Yan Zi cannot move her limbs so she can only use her mouth to say nonstop. Xiao Jin, who is suffering the same fate, is also begging unceasingly.

“If you can’t play chess then I’ll teach you. Qin Yu taught it to me but now I’m even better at it than him.”

Li’er giggles and totally ignores Yan Zi’s and Xiao Jin’s appeals.

At the entrance of the ravine,

Uncle Lan is standing here. Li’er and the others have come back into the ravine. Hearing the conversation between Li’er, Yan Zi and Xiao Jin, he gives a faint smile.

He then looks in the direction of Qin Yu’s departure and says to himself: “Am I right or wrong to let Li’er and Xiao Yu be together? Just like when I didn’t die with her at that time to live out this worthless life, was I right or wrong?”

“If I had another chance ...”

He sighs quietly: “Perhaps I’d choose the other path even if it would lead to death.”

“Everyone chooses their own path. I can’t force Xiao Yu to follow a certain path.” He turns into nothingness after saying this and enters the bamboo house in an instant. This is the legendary Teleportation.

......

Inside the Blood-red Cave,

“Oh?”

Qin Yu is standing outside the entrance leading to the underground secret floor in the artificial mountain. His face slightly changes color. He immediately says to the guards on patrol nearby: “All of you come here.”

Hearing the order, that patrolling guard squad runs up to him extremely fast at once. The guards in the squad then get down on one knee, saying: “Cave master.”

“Say, when was this secret floor rebuilt into this state?” Qin Yu shouts a question at the squad leader. There is even a note of anger in his tone.

That squad leader immediately says in terror: “About a half year ago, 2nd master said that this secret floor had been reduced to a mess by that fierce battle and ordered guards to rebuild it.”

When Qin Yu hears this, his face darkens. The squad leader continues: “Cave master, this underground secret floor was such a mess. Perhaps 2nd master also thought that it was graceless so he ordered us subordinates to rebuild it.”

Qin Yu is very frustrated in his heart.

An expert could look at the marks left on the battlefield where Cha Hong and Di Tong fought and figure out something. Qin Yu originally wanted to slightly alter those marks to lead the Nine Demons Hall’s members into making erroneous judgements favorable to him.

However, the underground rubble was tamped and flattened and new secret rooms were built during the reconstruction so now there is absolutely none of those marks left.

“Forget it. You can go now.”

Qin Yu says with a wave of his hand in frustration.

“I take my leave.”

Those guards hurriedly leave in a respectful manner. Qin Yu feels that the situation is fairly bad because the marks of the battle are all gone. If the Nine Demons Hall’s members come here to investigate, they will definitely get angry upon seeing no marks on the battlefield, which will make it more difficult for him to deal with them.

Without the marks of the fighting, those Nine Demons Hall’s members will surely interrogate the guardians and guards of the Blood-red Cave and they may find out something disadvantageous to him.

“Those guardians and guards should know what to say and what not to, right?” Qin Yu has no choice but to hope for the best because he does not dare to tell those guardians and guards directly what they should say. After all, doing so would be the same as leaving behind a piece of evidence.

He suddenly gives a smile.

“It’s no use thinking too much. Let’s hope that the Nine Demons Hall won’t be too unreasonable. If they really cause me trouble, we 3 brothers will have no choice but to go on a killing spree.” He turns around and leaves the artificial mountain to go back to his Lei Mountain House.

When there is nothing to do, it is not bad to read books in Lei Mountain House.

......

In the Great Shell Cave,

Fu Hao, who is fat and has smooth white skin, bows and says with a pleasant smile: “My 3 majesties, I have already prepared the rooms for you. May I ask if you want to stay the night here or keep going? The Blood-red Cave is very close to my Great Shell Cave.”

Di Luan frowns.

Di Qing immediately says smilingly to Fu Hao: “Fu Hao, we’re very satisfied with your answers. All right, we acknowledge your good intentions but we’ve got something to do so we won’t take a rest here.”

Right after saying this, he leaves the Great Shell Cave together with Di Luan and Di Jian.

As Fu Hao watches those 3 majesties leaving, a transmitter appears in his hand. After arranging in his mind a bit, he sends the contents of the talk between him and the 3 majesties into his transmitter using his holy sense then messages them to both Lord Teng and Lord Lou.

“Ha, it’s pretty good to benefit twice from one job. But ... who’s that Liu Xing fella actually? His appearance is so mysterious. Plus, both 8th majesty and Cha Hong are already dead. If their deaths have something to do with him then he’s dangerous. I mustn’t provoke him. I definitely mustn’t provoke him.”

Fu Hao sighs quietly then strolls back to his dwelling place.

Since the 3 majesties are not in his cave anymore, he can now enjoy himself at will without restraint.

......

At the Blood-red Cave,

3 men who are all dressed in purple robes appear outside the main entrance. They are none other than Di Jian, Di Qing and Di Luan. They have suddenly arrived at the Blood-red Cave’s entrance without any notice.

As the 3 of them look at the entrance of the cave, faint cold smiles appear on the corners of their mouths and their killing intent rises to a frightening level.

“Who are you?”

The guards at the entrance are no longer lordly as they usually are because they have been terrified by the killing intent these 3 men are giving off. The way they talk shows obviously that they fear the 3 men.

“Call your cave master Liu Xing out to see me.” Di Qing shouts coldly.

The faces of those guards change color. One of them says: “Sirs, the 3 of you should be experts but our Blood-red Cave’s master isn’t someone who you can meet with just a word. Moreover, you even want our cave master to personally come out to meet you, which is a bit much.”

Di Luan looks at that guard. If this had been said in the past, he would have secretly praised the guard for being loyal to the cave master. But now, after arriving at the Blood-red Cave, the 3 majesties have only pain and hatred in their hearts because they believe that there is a connection between their brother’s death and this place.

“Sod off!”

Di Luan gives a cold shout and throws a kick.

That guard wants to dodge but he immediately sees stars and is sent flying.

“Ha-ha ... this 8 million li radius area is the territory of my Blood-red Cave but the 3 of you even dare to behave so arrogantly at the entrance of my place. You’re really a bit much!” Black-robed Qin Yu appears outside the entrance of the Blood-red Cave.

As soon as those guards see him, they hurriedly bow and say: “Cave master.”

Di Luan and his brothers immediately look at Qin Yu with glittering eyes.

“You’re the cave master?” Di Luan asks.

Qin Yu says with a nod: “Correct. I’m the Blood-red Cave’s master. Sirs, the 3 of you look distinguished and are very powerful but you’re a bit much to be so arrogant at the entrance of the Blood-red Cave. You should know that the Blood-red Cave is subordinate to the Nine Demons Hall. You may bully the Blood-red Cave easily but the Nine Demons Hall is a different matter.”

Hearing this, even Di Jian has a faint smile on his face.

3 majesties of the Nine Demons Hall are in front of this Liu Xing fellow but he does not recognize them so how can they not find this funny?

“How can’t I know that you’re 3 majesties from the Nine Demons Hall? These purple robes are a distinguishing characteristic of you.” Qin Yu says inwardly. He is only pretending that he does not know who they are. He then shouts loudly: “Sirs, if you’ve got something to say then say it, I don’t have time to waste on you.”

Di Luan takes out from his bosom an authority card.

A Nine Demons black card!

Qin Yu’s face changes color. He slightly stammers: “You, you are ...”

Di Qing says with a cold expression: “That’s right! We’re 3 majesties from the Nine Demons Hall. You want to make the Nine Demons Hall cause us trouble, don’t you?” Di Qing, Di Luan and Di Jian all look at Qin Yu, wanting to see his embarrassment.

Qin Yu says with an awkward expression: “My 3 majesties, I am Qin Yu, also known as Liu Xing. I’ve been holding this cave master position for just a short time so I’m still unfamiliar with the 9 majesties. I earnestly hope that you would forgive me.”

For the moment, he does not want to fight the Nine Demons Hall’s members head-on so naturally he is being slightly respectful to them.

Seeing his terrified and embarrassed manner, Di Luan says with a cold laugh: “Alright, don’t talk nonsense. Gather all your guardians, squad leaders and vice masters into the main hall. I’ve got something to ask you all.”

Qin Yu’s heart skips a beat.

These 3 majesties from the Nine Demons Hall unexpectedly want to gather everyone right after their arrival. It looks like they do not have friendly intentions.

“Please wait in the main hall for a while, my 3 majesties. All guardians, squad leaders and my 2nd and 3rd brothers will come immediately.” After saying this, Qin Yu shouts an order to the guards around him: “Listen up, my guards. Inform the guardians, squad leaders, 2nd master and 3rd master that they have to quickly gather in the main hall.”

“Yes!” The several hundred guards around get down on one knee and take the order in unison.

Afterwards, they immediately run away to spread the order.

“2nd master? 3rd master?” Di Luan frowns.

Qin Yu explains smilingly: “Majesty, they are my 2nd and 3rd brother. There’s a very good brotherhood between us so we consider ourselves equal. We followed the example of the Nine Demons Hall’s 9 majesties and established the 2nd master and 3rd master positions instead of the vice master ones.”

Hearing what Qin Yu just said, Di Jian and his brothers secretly change their attitudes towards him a bit.

They and their brothers have a very deep affection for each other so after knowing that Qin Yu also values brotherhood, they think a little better of him. But as soon as they remember that their 8thbrother’s death is very likely to have something to do with the guy before them, this newly formed tinge of good impression vanishes.

Di Luan says casually: “Cave master Qin Yu, what techniques have you practiced? Why aren’t you giving off any energy and why are you absorbing all of the energies around you instead? Why don’t you stop your technique and let us see what level you’ve reached?”

Qin Yu says in a powerless manner: “My 3 majesties, once this technique of mine is practiced, it will be planted deeply into the dantian and never stop working. Unless I’m killed, it won’t ever stop.”

His meaning is very clear, that is, there is no way he will stop this Northern Darkness technique to let them see his power level!

Di Luan says with a nod: “Oh, is that so? Right, I heard you killed that old turtle Qingxuan with just a sword move, didn’t you, cave master Qin Yu? Qingxuan was at the early Dongxu stage and was approaching Cha Hong in power. Looks like you surpassed Cha Hong long ago, but why were you willing to be a guardian under him before?”

Di Luan looks Qin Yu in the eye and waits for his answer.

Qin Yu is stupefied.

Di Luan’s eyes flash with coldness. The air between the 3 majesties and Qin Yu seems to have solidified.

End of b6c9.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C10: Silent interrogation

Qin Yu had surpassed Cha Hong in power but he was willing to become a guardian and a subordinate to Cha Hong. This hard-to-explain matter naturally has made the 3 majesties suspect Qin Yu. They even suspect that he is a member of either the Azure Dragon Palace or the Blue Water Mansion who came here only because of the top treasure 9 Swords!

“Why are you speechless, cave master Qin Yu?” Di Luan looks at Qin Yu with a cold laugh. Di Qing and Di Jian also look at him. It appears that if his answer is unsatisfactory, they will immediately capture him.

Qin Yu lets out a sigh: “My 3 majesties, does such a simple question still need to be asked? With your wisdom, you still can’t see the answer?”

His words make Di Luan, Di Qing and Di Jian dumbfounded.

“My 3 majesties, I wasn’t well-known in this area of water. If someone like me seizes the cave master position directly, perhaps not many Xiuyaoists will accept him as cave master.” Qin Yu says in a frustrated manner to the 3 majesties.

Di Luan however says: “Strong individuals enjoy supremacy. Who would have dared to oppose you if you had killed Cha Hong?”

Qin Yu immediately says: “Majesty, you said I could’ve killed Cha Hong, but he wasn’t alone. There were so many guardians under him, if I had killed him, naturally I’d have had to kill quite a few expert guardians. So, when I become cave master, wouldn’t I have already killed a number of my subordinates? Moreover ... at that time I was much weaker than I am now.”

“Oh?” Di Luan looks at Qin Yu with suspicion.

Qin Yu says smilingly: “Just by asking around a bit, you’ll know that I underwent closed-door training a few times in the Blood-red Cave. Moreover, I improved greatly thanks to these training sessions. Previously I didn’t have enough power to beat Cha Hong at all. Only after those closed-door training sessions did I begin to be capable of this.”

Di Luan’s eyes flash with coldness.

“You did closed-door training before or after Cha Hong’s death?” He asks in a very serious voice.

Di Luan, Di Jian and Di Qing have all noticed the problem in Qin Yu’s answer. If his power improved before Cha Hong’s death then there is nothing wrong. But if it improved after Cha Hong’s death then there is a possibility that he killed Cha Hong.

“It was before his death!”

Qin Yu says firmly.

“Can you confirm this?” Di Luan says with a cold laugh. “Lying is no good. We can ask whoever we want. Anyone can be a witness.”

Qin Yu says with a smile: “You can ask anyone about this. It seems Cha Hong spent most of the last 100 years doing closed-door training. That day, after everybody discovered that he was dead, we began to discuss who would become the new cave master. We then had some sparring matches and I defeated Teng Bi.”

“My 3 majesties, I know that you’re suspecting that I killed Cha Hong and absorbed his yuanying. But if I had killed him, it would have taken me at least several days to absorb his yuanying whereas I fought Teng Bi on the same day as his death. Even if I had killed Cha Hong, I wouldn’t have had enough time to consume his yuanying.”

Qin Yu looks smilingly at the 3 majesties: “I believe you understand what I mean.”

Di Luan, Di Jian and Di Qing exchange a look and say nothing.

It generally takes several days to absorb an early Dongxu stage yuanying but the place where the soul jade slips are kept is checked every day. Therefore, they must have discovered Cha Hong’s death within 24 hours of it or even soon after it happened.

Even if Qin Yu had spent that entire short period of time to absorb, theoretically he would not have been able to improve much.

Suddenly, Di Qing says: “Just now you said Cha Hong often did closed-door training in the past 100 years, right?”

Qin Yu is secretly happy. He thinks that even though the death of the Nine Demons Hall’s 8th majesty is important, one of the 9 Swords is also very attractive and if he can shift these 3 majesties’ attention onto that jade sword, the situation will be much better for him.

“That’s right. Many Xiuyaoists here know about this. Moreover, Cha Hong even strictly ordered that nobody disturb him during his training.” Qin Yu answers truthfully.

Di Qing and Di Jian exchange a look.

“7th brother, looks like Cha Hong did so to break a black jade case’s Dust Removing restrictive spell. An early Dongxu stage blood-red aquatic python indeed has to spend 100 years to break a Dust Removing restrictive spell set up by an immortal. That Cha Hong fella is really pitiful to have spent so much time breaking one.” Di Qing says through holy sense communication.

Di Qing and his brothers remember very well that when the 9 of them obtained a black jade case before, they had to join forces and spend several months to open it.

“2nd brother, 6th brother, there’s a high probability that 8th brother came to rob Cha Hong right after he had opened that restrictive spell. The 2 of them then had a fierce battle and could even die from this. It’s also possible that a third party interfered with them.” Di Luan says to Di Qing and Di Jian through his holy sense.

Both of them agree with him.

“However, now we don’t know if 8th brother died in the Blood-red Cave or got killed on the way back from the Blood-red Cave after taking that black jade case.” Di Luan has become suspicious. He is sure that an unknown third party was involved in this.

When did this third party actually get into action?

“Qin Yu, how did Cha Hong die?” Di Luan shouts coldly at Qin Yu.

The latter says with a shake of his head: “Majesty, I don’t know how Cha Hong died either. That fight took place on the underground secret floor, but when the guardians arrived, there weren’t any corpses there.”

“There wasn’t anyone there?” Di Luan asks frowningly.

“Yes, there wasn’t anyone there.” Qin Yu says firmly.

Why there were no corpses? The reason for this is that Qin Yu sucked the corpses into his spatial ring at that time to get rid of the evidence, and later he burnt them up with his internal flame.

Di Luan and his brothers become even more suspicious.

Now it can be confirmed that the underground secret floor is the battlefield, but why there were no corpses?

Destroying the evidence!

The 3 brothers can only think of this explanation.

“Take us to the underground secret floor and show us the marks of the fighting.” Di Jian suddenly shouts. Given their power, they can definitely have a rough idea of what happened during that fight based on those marks.

Qin Yu says with a somewhat unpleasant expression: “This is impossible because that fight happened a year ago. Nearly half of the underground secret floor was destroyed so it has already been rebuilt and those marks of the fighting are now all gone.”

“All gone?”

Di Jian, Di Qing and Di Luan all look at Qin Yu with suspicion.

They are suspecting that Qin Yu destroyed the evidence.

“My 3 majesties, now all the squad leaders and 16 guardians have gathered in the main hall. My 2 brothers are already there as well. If you have any doubts, please feel free to ask them.” Qin Yu says immediately.

He looks at the 3 majesties with a hint of ruthlessness in his eyes.

“The 3 of you keep questioning me. It seems you distrust me very much. But there’s nothing I can do about this. You can interrogate anyone as you please. True gold fears no fire. I’m going to show you the way.”

He then heads for the main hall directly without paying attention to the 3 majesties’ response.

“Oh?”

There is a hint of amazement on Di Luan’s face. He did not expect Qin Yu to become haughty at a time like this.

“The killer should be afraid of us and very respectful to us, and when we ask a question, he’ll definitely answer it instead of getting angry. But this Qin Yu fella even dared to get angry.” Di Luan says to Di Qing via his holy sense.

Di Qing also says with a nod: “Yeah, let’s go question other guys first.”

Di Luan has been misled by his overconfidence in his own smartness. What seems true can be false and vice versa so there are many things that are extremely difficult to reason out.

......

In the main hall of the Blood-red Cave,

Di Jian and his brothers are sitting in Qin Yu’s, Hou Fei’s and Hei Yu’s original positions. Qin Yu and his 2 brothers are leading the 16 guardians and all the squad leaders of the Blood-red Cave waiting for the 3 majesties’ orders on the lower end of the hall.

“Cave master Qin Yu, it seems your 2nd brother and 3rd brother are not very powerful?” Di Qing, who is sitting in the central position, asks Qin Yu.

Hou Fei scratches his head but he basically does not care about the 3 majesties above him. Di Qing does not know that Qin Yu has already told Hou Fei and Hei Yu to suppress their auras and send out a little energy. Di Qing and his brothers therefore have noticed that Hou Fei is at the late Yuanying stage and Hei Yu is at the middle Yuanying stage.

“Majesty, even though my 2nd brother is only at the late Yuanying stage, he belongs to the unusually gifted Aquatic Monkey clan so he can already fight common early Dongxu stage experts. My 3rd brother is also from a very formidable clan of eagle which is second only to the Golden Flame Eagle clan.” Qin Yu explains on behalf of Hou Fei and Hei Yu.

Hearing what he said, the 3 majesties all have a hint of disdain in their eyes.

Hou Fei, a Fiery-eyed Aquatic monkey, and Xiao Hei both are extremely rare demonic beasts. According to Uncle Lan, Hou Fei is the only Fiery-eyed Aquatic monkey in the entire underwater Xiuyao world, and he has suppressed his aura so the 3 majesties cannot see his extraordinariness.

It is better to reveal Hou Fei’s power a bit than to hide it completely so Qin Yu said that he is comparable to early Dongxu stage experts.

The 3 majesties do not care about someone with so little power.

“The guardians who went into the underground secret floor at that time and saw the marks of the fighting come out.” Di Qing shouts.

Immediately, the 3 black turtle brothers, Wu Tong, Wu Feng, the 2 snake women Yan Qing and Xi Yan, Teng Bi and Zhuang Zhong all walk forwards. In front of the 3 majesties, these 9 guardians do not dare to show any arrogance and are very respectful.

“We’re going to talk through holy sense communication so there’s no need to worry that someone else can hear what you’re going to say, everybody. But ... don’t lie, because I’m going to question all the 9 of you. If I find out any differences between your answer and that of someone else, if there are 2 different answers, you’ll all die!”

Di Qing says in a cold voice.

The 9 guardians’ hearts tremble.

Qin Yu also frowns. He immediately takes a step forwards and says: “Majesty, if someone among these 9 guardians lies while the others tell the truth, won’t this method of yours harm the honest ones?” At this moment, he at least has to try to do something for his subordinates.

“Cave master Qin Yu, move back or die!”

Di Jian, who is sitting with eyes closed in repose, suddenly opens his eyes and shouts coldly at Qin Yu. His eyes are filled with icy killing intent.

“Big brother, this fella is too strong. Even if I go berserk, I won’t necessarily beat him. We better restrain ourselves.” Violent-tempered Hou Fei unexpectedly pacifies Qin Yu through holy sense communication. The latter can only clench his teeth and take a step backwards.

Di Jian takes a look at Qin Yu then shuts his eyes to rest again.

Di Luan and Di Qing will be responsible for the interrogation. Di Jian is much stronger than them but he comes with them only to prevent any accidents from happening. In the eyes of the Nine Demons Hall, unless the old freak Three-Eyed of the Blue Water Mansion or the Azure Dragon Palace’s overlord personally gets into action, it’s really unlikely that someone will be able to deal with Di Jian.

All of the 9 guardians become very nervous.

None of them dares to lie because if one of them lies, this can bring about the deaths of all of them.

Di Qing has covered the 9 guardians with his holy sense. If they talk to each other via holy sense communication, he will definitely detect undulations in their holy senses.

Time goes by.

However, there is only a frightening silence in the whole main hall.

“Next.” Di Qing says coldly. Zhuang Zhong, the 1st to be questioned, now has beads of sweat all over his forehead. Even though he has gone through the interrogation, he is still in danger because if someone else’s answer is different from his, both he and that guardian will die!

Time keeps going by.

Now every guardian has been interrogated except for one and Qin Yu has nearly reached the limit of his patience too.

“Big brother, these Nine Demons Hall’s fellas are real bastards. They’re doing this just to disturb our minds. If they make me angry, I’ll kill one of them with a smash of my stick. You can kill that early Dongxu fella. Then we’ll join forces to fight that strongest fella!”

Obviously Hou Fei has also become somewhat impatient because he cannot know what Di Qing and Di Luan have asked and what information they have obtained.

Di Qing and Di Luan’s threat in the beginning has really been effective. 8 guardians have been questioned successively without any problems. At the moment, the 9th guardian, Ba Jian of the 3 black turtle brothers, is being questioned.

Boom!

Di Qing suddenly makes a wave of his hand. A purple beam of light shoots out and Ba Jian is helplessly blown to pieces with a boom.

“Humph, you even dared to lie.” Di Qing stands up all of a sudden and sweeps his eyes across the other 8 guardians.

Those 8 guardians’ faces immediately go pale. Teng Bi’s eyes even flash with fierceness: “Majesty, we didn’t lie at all. If the 8 of us get killed because he alone lied to you, we’ll die with resentment.”

“Shut up!”

Di Jian suddenly opens his eyes and shouts.

A shock wave shoots out from his mouth at a frighteningly fast speed. Teng Bi’s face changes color greatly at once. He attempts to dodge with a shake of his body but that shock wave is so fast that it still hits him. Teng Bi is immediately sent flying. He then falls on the floor and spits out 2 mouthfuls of blood.

Teng Bi has been seriously injured!

A late Dongxu stage Purple Demon aquatic dragon is definitely comparable to Kongming stage Xiuxianists so he has been able to injure Teng Bi badly with just a shout. The faces of the other 7 guardians immediately blacken. They know that if the 3 majesties want to kill them, they will not be able to put up any resistance.

“Majesties!”

Even Qin Yu speaks out and looks coldly at the 3 majesties above him.

A faint cold smile appears on the corners of Di Luan’s mouth. In an instant, he reaches out a hand to stop Di Jian, who is about to rage, and says: “Since cave master Qin Yu has spoken out, all right, we accept that the last guardian was the only one who lied and won’t blame the other 8 guardians.”

Yan Qing and the other guardians immediately let out a sigh of relief.

However, they simply do not know that the last guardian Ba Jian did not lie. His answer does not contradict theirs at all.

End of b6c10.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C11: Go with us!

In the main hall, guardian Ba Jian has been blown to bits and his blood has splattered over a large area. The whole main hall looks so chillingly bloody, and on the raised platform, Di Jian, Di Luan and Di Qing are like 3 cold-blooded demons.

“Just like a moment ago, now we’re going to question the 50 squad leaders and the remaining 7 guardians. I hope you won’t lie, or else ... you can’t blame us.” Di Luan says smilingly but his smile terrifies those squad leaders and guardians.

9 of the 16 guardians have been interrogated. The remaining 7 guardians and 50 squad leaders are obviously very nervous, to the point where they cannot conceal the terror in their eyes. They are even more frightened when they see Ba Jian’s flesh fragments and blood.

“From left to right, from the front to the back, you, come first!”

Di Luan says while pointing at a large bald man, who is a guardian. That large bald man is one of the Blood-red Cave’s new guardians. He is normally very violent and bold and in fact is a boor, but now his facial muscles are slightly trembling.

With an unpleasant forced smile, the large bald man goes forwards.

After that, Di Luan talks to him through holy sense communication. Nobody knows what Di Luan asks him and what his answers are. This terrifies the ones who are soon to be interrogated below him even more.

“You, come up.”

Di Qing also points at a guardian, who originally was next to the large bald man, and starts questioning him.

......

As time passes, the guardians and squad leaders are interrogated one by one and Qin Yu frowns more and more deeply.

“Looks like these 3 Nine Demons Hall brats are in no hurry to question me about the black jade case. Instead, they keep questioning these squad leaders and guardians, who at best know nothing other than that there was a fierce battle on the underground secret floor at that time. It seems these 3 majesties consider Di Tong’s death even more important than the black jade case.”

Seeing how Di Luan and Di Qing are taking the trouble to question everyone, Qin Yu finally realizes that his conjecture is wrong.

“Perhaps my plan was wrong right from the beginning. I misjudged these 9 brothers. Their brotherhood is so deep that it surpasses the attraction of the black jade case.” Qin Yu is considering extremely fast.

At first he thought that members of the Nine Demons Hall would come here to investigate the 9 Swords matter and prepared his explanations accordingly. But now he has discovered that these 3 majesties do not pay attention to the black jade case. And naturally he has to reconsider how he should deal with them.

Suddenly, his face changes color.

“No good, if their brotherhood is stronger than the attraction of the black jade case then ... even though they are only suspecting me of killing Di Tong, given their characters, they’ll definitely kill me to make sure the killer won’t escape!”

He has eventually noticed this point.

For the moment, nobody knows who killed Di Tong, but he is definitely the no. 1 suspect. With these majesties’ dispositions, they will absolutely not leave him alone.

After Qin Yu thinks for a while, the corners of his mouth slightly curve upwards.

“Fei Fei, no matter what happens later, you have to hide your power. Don’t get into action. Just leave everything to me.”

Hearing Qin Yu’s voice in his mind through holy sense communication, Hou Fei immediately has a bad feeling. He hurriedly says: “What do you want to do, big brother? Don’t be reckless. If you want to fight, we’ll fight together. We 3 still have a chance against the 3 of them.”

“Don’t worry. Did you forget that I returned to the ravine not long ago?” Qin Yu is not worried at all.

The ravine?

Hou Fei is happy at once: “Big brother, did you go back to the ravine to find Master?”

“Fei Fei, Uncle Lan agreed that if we message him when we’re in danger, he’ll definitely protect us.” As soon Qin Yu finishes, Hou Fei becomes excited: “This is very good. Since Master already said so, to hell with worries. Damn, let’s go on a killing spree first.”

Qin Yu however tells him through holy sense communication: “Fei Fei, I don’t want to bother Uncle Lan so let’s play with the Nine Demons Hall to our hearts’ content with no worries. Only if in the end the situation escalates beyond our control will we call Uncle Lan in.”

“Kaka, that’s very good. Let’s fight these 3 fellas first.” Hou Fei now does not care about consequences anymore.

Nobody knows about Uncle Lan’s power as well as he does. If his power is like a rock then Uncle Lan’s is like a sky-high mountain. The 2 of them are simply not on the same level.

“Don’t rush. This Blood-red Cave is our base. If we fight them here, given their power, it’s totally uncertain whether we’ll beat them and the Blood-red Cave will probably be destroyed. Let’s wait for a chance to fight them after they have left the cave.” Qin Yu immediately discourages him.

“All right, I’ll leave everything to you.” Hou Fei is no longer worried.

What is there to worry about when they have Master behind them?

Even if the sky fell down, Master would prop it up.

“But we best not trouble Master. It’ll be a bit of a shame if we call him in when we’re in danger.” Hou Fei suddenly says via his holy sense.

Qin Yu secretly gives a smile as he never thought someone who fears nothing like Hou Fei would have this kind of thought. He immediately says through his holy sense: “Don’t worry. With our abilities, it won’t be easy for the Nine Demons Hall to handle us.”

Having figured out that the Nine Demons Hall most likely wants to kill him, Qin Yu certainly has to change his countermeasure.

If he keep stooping to compromise and pretending to be a small fry, the opponents will have no qualms about killing him. Therefore ... now he must change his status in the eyes of them and even make them afraid of killing him for the moment. After all ... he has to continue to play the game nicely.

“You want to play? Then let’s play in a big way. But will your Nine Demons Hall be able to take it?”

Qin Yu looks coldly at the 3 majesties above him.

Suddenly --

“Humph, how dare you lie to me? Die!” Di Qing shouts coldly and shoots out a green beam of light with a wave of his hand.

The squad leader who is being questioned goes miserably pale in the face and cannot even make a movement to defend. Di Qing has reached the middle Dongxu stage so, even though he executes this strike casually, how can a mere late Jindan stage squad leader possibly ward it off?

Bang!

There is a shock wave and the green light beam is repelled.

Qin Yu then slowly pulls back his fist. Just now, using the top grade holy weapon Flaming Gloves, he collided with the opponent’s flying sword. In terms of power, there is little difference between him and Di Qing. Therefore, when he intentionally tried to resist Di Qing’s casual attack, the result is easy to imagine.

That squad leader, who originally thought that he would die for sure, is delighted upon finding himself alive. As soon as he sees Qin Yu in front of him, he is surprised and touched.

“Thank you, cave master.” The squad leader keeps saying nonstop out of deep gratitude towards Qin Yu.

Qin Yu says smilingly: “Stand to one side and let me handle this.” He then looks at the 3 majesties above him with fearless eyes.

“Qin Yu, you must have a death wish.” Di Jian, who has been keeping his eyes closed in repose, suddenly opens them and shouts. Immediately afterwards, he wants to get into action, but at this moment --

“Shut up!”

Qin Yu suddenly shouts and looks coldly at Di Jian, who becomes even more furious because his attack is interrupted by this shout.

“6th brother, don’t fight just yet.” Di Luan tells Di Jian then looks at Qin Yu and says smilingly: “Cave master Qin Yu, we Nine Demons Hall are interrogating them but you unexpectedly dared to obstruct us ... Say, how do you think should you be punished for this?”

Qin Yu, however, does not care about what he said at all.

“Majesties, they are my subordinates. It’s a bit much of you 3 to kill them at will. I wonder if you have evidence to justify killing them.”

“Evidence? You don’t think they deserve to be killed for lying to us?” Di Luan says while looking at Qin Yu.

“Lying? Did they lie to you? Can you confirm this?” Qin Yu looks at the 3 majesties above him with no intention of backing off.

The guardians and guards behind him appear to be moved by his willingness to confront the 3 majesties from the Nine Demons Hall to protect them. It is rare to find a cave master who cares about his subordinates so much like him. The squad leader whose life was saved by him is even more excited.

“He lied. His answer is different from the others’, doesn’t this mean he lied? Could it be you are saying that the other guys lied and should be killed?” Di Luan says smilingly. “If cave master Qin Yu thinks so, we won’t mind killing the others instead.”

After saying so, Di Luan reaches out his hand.

“Majesties, that judgement is a bit too subjective.” Qin Yu says indifferently.

“Oh?” Di Luan looks at Qin Yu with a hint of ridicule in his eyes, waiting for Qin Yu’s answer.

“Take the marks of the fighting on that underground secret floor for example. Not all guardians and squad leaders saw those marks. Many of them only heard about the marks from others. There are also other things that only few of them personally saw. So, it’s natural that there are some differences between their answers.”

Qin Yu continues: “Moreover, even though there was only one battleground, different individuals observed it from different points of view so it’s very normal that their answers are different. Different viewpoints result in different answers. If you conclude that they lied based on this then ...”

Saying to this point, he stops and looks at the 3 majesties.

Pa, pa ...

Di Luan says smilingly while clapping: “Brilliant. Cave master Qin Yu is really good at sophistry.”

“Mind your language. This is not sophistry, but the truth.” Qin Yu looks at Di Luan and says. He has discovered that of the 3 majesties, the one who is talking to him is the decision maker.

“2nd brother, you first go search the Blood-red Cave to see if there are any marks from which we can figure out what happened that day.” Di Luan tells Di Qing via his holy sense.

Di Qing nods then flies out of the main hall at once.

Seeing Di Qing leave the main hall, Qin Yu says smilingly: “Majesties, we’ve been talking to each other for some time but I still don’t know exactly who you are. Why don’t you introduce yourself to me a bit?” He speaks with assurance as if he is talking to close friends.

Di Luan says with a nod: “You don’t need to know who we exactly are. You only have to call me 7th majesty and the majesty who left just now 2nd majesty. And this majesty is ...”

“6th majesty, I already knew this. Just now I heard you call him 6th majesty.” Qin Yu cuts in.

Di Luan suddenly says: “Cave master Qin Yu, just now you were able to meet a strike from my 2nd brother head-on. He wasn’t using his full power but I was still surprised by this. Looks like you have reached the middle Dongxu stage, no less.”

“I don’t deserve your praise, 7th majesty.”

Qin Yu says with a slight bow. But he does not say anything else.

Di Luan did not say those words casually at all. A Purple Demon aquatic dragon at the middle Dongxu stage is superior to ordinary late Dongxu stage Xiuxianists therefore Di Qing’s casual strike was extremely powerful. Qin Yu was able to knock back that flying sword head-on so he really can match a normal middle Dongxu stage expert in power.

“When I was questioning the guardians just now, I learned of one thing. Hopefully cave master Qin Yu can explain it to me.” Di Luan still says smilingly.

“Please tell me about it, 7th majesty.”

Di Luan’s body begins to send out a little killing intent: “That day, after the other guardians had discovered Cha Hong’s death, they decided to choose a new cave master. They then went to your place but you were doing closed-door training. Why did you make them wait for 4 to 6 hours before coming out?”

Di Luan’s eyes flash with coldness.

Di Jian also gives Qin Yu an ice-cold stare.

Qin Yu however smiles broadly.

“7th majesty, could it be you don’t know that ... the more formidable an expert is, the later he should show up?” He says jokingly.

Di Luan is startled.

“If I had agreed to fight them as soon as they said they wanted to fight me, I would’ve lost face a little too much. So I made them wait for 4 to 6 hours before getting into action. I showed obviously my superior status by doing this, didn’t I? Wouldn’t other experts do the same in this situation?”

When Qin Yu has just finished,

“Cave master Qin Yu, nobody is joking with you here. Explain, why did you make them wait for 4 to 6 hours?” Di Jian shouts.

Actually, at that time Qin Yu was absorbing the energy of a yuanying to reach the middle Meteor stage from the early Meteor stage, but of course he cannot tell them about this.

“I’ve explained it. Just now you questioned them so you most probably already knew how easily I defeated guardian Teng Bi. With my power, I should be a bit arrogant and show my superiority, shouldn’t I?” Qin Yu says doubtfully.

Di Luan frowns.

Whizz!

Di Qing gets on the raised platform in the main hall with a movement of his body.

“7th brother, I’ve carried out a careful search but found nothing unusual in the Blood-red Cave. There are no marks of the fighting that day left either.” He uses holy sense communication.

Luckily Qin Yu had already put Lei Mountain House away before the arrival of the 3 majesties. Otherwise, a wondrous thing like it would definitely have amazed them, which would have given Qin Yu more trouble.

“Nothing?” Di Luan’s eyelids tremble. He then stands up all of a sudden.

Since there are no marks left in the Blood-red Cave, the only useful thing here is cave master Qin Yu before him.

“Go with us, cave master Qin Yu. Follow us to the Nine Demons Hall to meet my big brother and help us investigate the matters related to the fight on the underground secret floor that day.” Di Luan says smilingly to Qin Yu. At this moment, Di Qing and Di Jian also stand up and focus their eyes on him.

End of b6c11.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C12: Purple Demon Tower

Di Luan, Di Qing and Di Jian all use their eyes to tell Qin Yu that there is only one option for him if he does not want to get killed -- go with them.

Qin Yu bursts out laughing. At first he only smiles but then he laughs out loud, as if he has heard a joke or something.

“Ha-ha ... you’re really funny, majesties. If you want to investigate the fight that day, isn’t questioning everybody here enough? Why do you want me to go with you to that distant Nine Demons Hall?” He does not care about the 3 majesties’ cold stares at all.

“Go or die!”

Di Jian looks at Qin Yu and says coldly.

Di Qing and Di Luan do not mind Di Jian’s threat at all. In their eyes Qin Yu is very likely to be killer so they would rather kill him wrongly than leave him alone. If Qin Yu gets too arrogant, they will have no misgivings about killing him.

With his face changing color, Qin Yu stares at Di Jian: “Die? 6th majesty, this underwater Xiuyao world is huge and got countless experts. Do you really think you’re so invincible that you can directly sentence someone to death? You should know that even though you’re good, there’s always someone better than you.”

“I’m stronger than you.” Di Jian says very curtly.

Qin Yu suppresses his furious expression in an instant and says smilingly again: “You’re stronger than me indeed. If you 3 don’t want to know about the black jade case and the 8th jade sword, then just kill me.” After saying so, he shuts his eyes.

Di Jian’s, Di Luan’s and Di Qing’s eyes brighten.

Even though their 8th brother’s death must be avenged, they also have a craving for the 8th jade sword.

At this moment, there are slight changes in the expressions of a squad leader and 2 guardians on the lower end of the main hall, but nobody is paying attention to them.

“Those who know the secret, die!”

Di Jian sweeps his eyes across the guardians and squad leaders. He and his brothers want to question Qin Yu immediately but they first have to remove these guardians and squad leaders, who already know about the secret.

“Stop!”

Qin Yu shouts at once. “They are my subordinates. You can’t touch them. Also, what are you worried about, majesties? Just now I only mentioned a couple of names. What can they possibly know from this?” He wants to protect these subordinates no matter what.

“Cave master Qin Yu, you really want to protect them?” Di Luan looks at him.

Qin Yu nods: “Of course I do. They are my subordinates. Once they are killed, my Blood-red Cave will exist in name only. If you 3 kill them, you’ll regret this for the rest of your life!” On the outside he appears to be righteous and selfless but in fact he is laughing inwardly: “If I don’t let some fellas with ulterior motives leak this out, how can the waters be muddied?”

Regretting for life!

Hearing what Qin Yu said, the 3 majesties all change color in their faces. They think for a long time and eventually make a decision.

“All of you bugger off!” Di Luan shouts at the Xiuyaoists below him.

Those squad leaders and guardians immediately run out of the main hall in terror, so do Hou Fei and Hei Yu. Actually, Qin Yu has told Hou Fei and Hei Yu to leave via holy sense communication, or else they would not have done this.

“Say it, cave master Qin Yu, how did you know about the black jade case?” Suppressing the anger in his heart, Di Luan asks a question.

Di Qing and Di Jian also become nervous in their hearts. If Qin Yu knows about the black jade case then there is a strong possibility that he knows how their 8th brother died. Compared to their 8th brother’s death, the black jade case can be put aside.

“This is a secret.”

Qin Yu says smilingly in a very assured manner.

“Say or die.” Di Jian’s eyes glitter with coldness.

“If you kill me, you’ll never know who killed that brother of yours.” Qin Yu turns his head without taking even a look at Di Jian. What he said is true. If Di Jian kills him, the Nine Demons Hall will never know who the killer is.

When Di Luan and his brothers hear these words, their eyes brighten.

By saying so, Qin Yu has obviously admitted that he knows the identity of the killer. However, seeing Qin Yu’s very uncompromising manner, the 3 of them have a serious headache.

“So you really don’t want to tell us, cave master Qin Yu? You won’t say anything even if you’re going to die?” Di Luan says in a totally severe tone.

“Yes, I won’t tell you even if you’re going to kill me.”

Qin Yu looks at Di Luan and shows no intention of bowing to pressure.

“7th brother, did you forget that the Nine Demons Hall has a guardian whose true form is a terror jellyfish?!” Di Qing’s voice rises in Di Luan’s mind. Di Luan is immediately delighted. Terror jellyfish are a relatively formidable species of demonic beast with 2 forms of attack. The 1st is poison and the 2nd is absorption!

After absorbing someone completely, they can even obtain the target’s memories. This secret technique is similar to the miraculous absorption technique that Xiao Hei gained after undergoing his forbidden technique in that both can absorb a target’s memories.

“With such a method, there’s no need to forcefully question him. Even if we do, this Qin Yu fella won’t necessarily tell us the truth.”

Di Luan has naturally made a decision in his mind.

“Cave master Qin Yu, you really aren’t going to tell us?” He does not dare to let Qin Yu know the truth because he fears that Qin Yu would rather die than go with them to the Nine Demons Hall.

Qin Yu simply does not answer.

“Humph, looks like you want to learn it the hard way. 2nd brother, 6th brother, take him to the Nine Demons Hall. This brat knows about the 9 Swords and 8th brother. He’s very important so we better discuss with the other brothers before deciding his fate.” Di Luan says to Di Qing and Di Jian.

Di Qing certainly knows that Di Luan is acting so he says in concert with him: “Very well, let’s bring him back first.” Di Jian also nods his head.

“Cave master Qin Yu, you should have already known who is strong and who is weak, right? Seal up his power, 6th brother.” Di Luan says to Di Jian on one side.

With his eyes glittering with coldness, Qin Yu looks at Di Jian: “I can go with you, but if you want to seal up my power, dream on!”

Now he seems to have gone mad and looks as if he will risk his life to fight if Di Jian gets into action.

Seeing Qin Yu behaving like that, Di Luan frowns. Di Jian also stops. They know they have to bring him back with them and let that terror jellyfish guardian absorb him. If Qin Yu dies here, they will not be able to know what happened to their 8th brother and the 8th jade sword.

“Forget it, 7th brother. Even if his power isn’t sealed up, I want to see how he can escape from the palms of our hands.” Di Jian says disdainfully.

In his eyes, Qin Yu is someone he can definitely kill with ease.

“This is how it should be. But ... I think you’ll regret taking me to your Nine Demons Hall later.” Qin Yu says smilingly.

“Regret?”

Di Luan does not care about Qin Yu’s words. He laughs coldly in his mind instead: “Let’s wait and see who’s going to regret?”

......

“Xiao Hei, you guard the Blood-red Cave. I’ll take a trip to the Nine Demons Hall with these 3 fellas.” Qin Yu tells Hei Yu through holy sense communication.

“I’ll go with you, big brother.” Xiao Hei slightly cold voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind.

“I’ve reached the late Meteor stage so I’m even faster than that Di Jian fella. You don’t have to worry. If you go with me, you’ll make it difficult for me to handle the situation, do you understand?” Qin Yu says frankly. Hei Yu is reasonable too so in the end he has no choice but to agree with Qin Yu.

“Hou Fei, you quickly take a detour to the Nine Demons Hall. I’ll frequently tell you my location through a transmitter. Keep a distance of several tens thousand li from me. I’m going to call you in when there’s a good chance to play.” Qin Yu has started to make arrangements.

Hou Fei says via his holy sense in a totally excited manner: “Kaka, this is really good. I’m going to go one step ahead, big brother.”

......

“The cave master’s name is Qin Yu. He knows about the black jade case and the 8th jade sword. Could this jade sword be in his hands?” A cold man dressed in a blood-red robe says to himself while holding a transmitter. There is an ice-cold smile on his face.

“Qin Yu, he must be mine!”

After saying so, this Lord Teng immediately messages the Azure Dragon Palace’s overlord.

“His lordship has complete confidence in me but I’m not really confident in myself.” Lord Teng gives a forced smile. “That Di Jian fella has also reached the late Dongxu stage like I have. My soul is even superior to his, but a Purple Demon aquatic dragon is much stronger than a horned dragon of the same level. It’ll be hard for me to beat him.”

Lord Teng is very frustrated.

His soul has reached the peak of the late Dongxu stage and is definitely superior to Di Jian’s but he knows that in a real fight, he will be no match for Di Jian.

“I can only use my wits to accomplish this mission. Fu Hao, that top-grade crystal I gave you last time isn’t so easy to hold.” Lord Teng immediately summons several guardians under him via holy sense communication.

......

“That cave master Qin Yu unexpectedly knows about the 8th jade sword!” Lord Lou, who is broader than he is tall and has flabby flesh all over his body, is lying in a chair. He strokes his thin mustache: “Looks like it’s time I got into action.”

He takes out a transmitter at once.

After a while, he wipes the beads of sweat on his forehead: “Alas, Grand Founder is still so hot-tempered. Last time he lost to Azure Dragon of the Azure Dragon Palace in fighting for the 7th jade sword and he has been upset by this ever since.”

Just now Lord Lou messaged the old freak Three-Eyed of the Blue Water Mansion and was given a strict order to get hold of Qin Yu and find the 8th jade sword.

“That Teng Shan fella will probably be fighting over this in secret too.”

Lord Lou’s pupils turn red completely in an instant, looking very strange and evil.

......

Di Jian, Di Luan, Di Qing and Qin Yu are piercing through the water at the bottom of the ocean, causing turbulence wherever they go.

“Go a bit faster!”

Di Luan shouts at Qin Yu.

“7th majesty, this is my fastest speed already.” Qin Yu replies in a powerless manner.

When the 3 Di brothers were going to the Blood-red Cave, they used Di Luan’s speed because Di Luan is the slowest among them. However, now they are even returning to the Nine Demons Hall at half of that speed because Qin Yu is only half as fast as Di Luan.

“Even a late Yuanying fella can keep up with you!” Di Qing’s facial expression is very unpleasant.

Qin Yu puts on an innocent face: “My speed is slow. What else can I do?”

“You’re deliberately acting this way. As far as we know, you were very fast when you killed that old turtle Qingxuan.” Di Luan stares at him and rebukes angrily. But Qin Yu says powerlessly: “That was my body-maneuvering skill, 7th majesty, whereas now I’m going on my flying sword. My body-maneuvering skill is fast but my sword-riding speed is slow.”

His shamelessness finally angers the 3 majesties.

“Get on my flying sword. I’ll give you a ride.” Di Qing shouts.

“Aren’t you afraid of getting killed by me?” Qin Yu looks at Di Qing with a smile. The latter immediately changes color in the face. He knows that Qin Yu is at least about as powerful as he himself is. If Qin Yu takes advantage of the close distance between them while riding on his flying sword with him to launch a sneak attack, then ...

“I’ll give you a ride.”

Di Jian says in an ice-cold voice.

Qin Yu immediately jumps on Di Jian’s flying sword in a happy and relaxed manner. As soon as he gets on the flying sword, a thick defensive layer of demonic elemental energy appears around Di Jian’s body. At the same time, Di Jian’s inborn body-protecting purple armor also appears.

“Looks like you’re also afraid that I’ll use a sneak attack.” Qin Yu says smilingly.

However he does not take any actions.

Because he killed Di Tong last time, he already knew how frighteningly strong the defense of this purple armor is. And Di Jian is much stronger than Di Tong so he is unsure whether he can kill Di Jian in one hit. If he attacked and failed to one shot Di Jian, he would have to suffer Di Jian’s terrifying retaliation.

As soon as Qin Yu gets on Di Jian’s flying sword, the going speed of the 4 of them doubles.

After going for more than a month, they arrive at the Great Shell Cave.

.....

“Ha-ha, my 3 majesties, to be honest, cave master Fu Hao really cares about you. He has even specifically built a Purple Demon Tower to welcome you.” Qin Yu praises highly while looking at the magnificent Purple Demon Tower before him in appreciation.

With jade-like skin and a plump body, Fu Hao looks very loveable.

He moves his childlike lively eyes in a circle and hurriedly says with respect: “My 3 majesties, last time you left urgently so you didn’t have time to take a look at this Purple Demon Tower. All of the tower’s ladies-in-waiting are on the outside because I know that you don’t like to be disturbed by them. If you need something, just order them directly.”

Di Qing, Di Jian and Di Luan look at the small two-story tower in front of them in very obvious satisfaction.

This small 2-story tower cannot be considered luxurious but it looks unusual and has a very unique structure. Obviously Fu Hao gave it a lot of thought.

“Majesties, this Purple Demon Tower is intended for the Nine Demons Hall’s majesties like you so I won’t use any of its rooms. I’m going to casually find another place to stay.” Qin Yu turns around with a smile. “Cave master Fu Hao, can you arrange another place for me?”

Di Luan looks coldly at him, saying: “You can’t go. You’ll stay in my room. My 2nd and 6th brothers will be next door.”

“Your room? Don’t you fear that I’ll kill you?” Qin Yu looks smilingly at Di Luan.

Hearing this, Fu Hao slightly changes color in the face. He hurriedly bows and says with a smile: “Majesties, I have no business here so I’ll take my leave. If you need something, please feel free to order those ladies-in-waiting.”

“6th brother likes quietude. 7th brother, I’ll stay with this fella to keep watch on him,” says Di Qing.

In fact, experts do not like to stay with someone else, but now is not the time for Di Qing to be a stickler so he can only restrain this dislike. Qin Yu slightly considers in his mind. He can kill an unprepared Di Qing with certainty, but how can Di Qing possibly have no preparations?

If he fails to kill Di Qing in one move, Di Jian in a room next door will definitely get into action.

......

After getting back to his room, Fu Hao wipes the cold sweat on his head: “Damn it, this time there’ll be a big affair. Lord Teng of the Azure Dragon Palace and Lord Lou of the Blue Water Mansion will definitely get into action tonight to snatch that cave master Qin Yu. There are also those 3 majesties.”

He thinks for a while then cannot help frowning: “This is a headache, a real headache. Hopefully this won’t involve me or else I’ll surely die. It seems not easy to get something from the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion.”

In the entire Great Shell Cave, Fu Hao is the only one who knows that tonight is going to be extraordinary.

End of b6c12.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6 13
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C13: A drop of blood

The Purple Demon Tower’s structure is really unusual. There is a hexagonal hall connecting to the main entrance. Each side of the hexagon has a corridor. Except for the one that connects the hall with the entrance, the other 5 corridors have several rooms each.

That is the first floor. Standing in the hall of this floor, one can see the endless ocean by looking up because the corresponding part of the hall on the 2nd floor is empty.

“This tower looks pretty good from the outside and its interior is even more pleasing to the eye and the mind.” Qin Yu stands in the hall and observes the tower’s combination of various colors. He really wants to find out who designed this Purple Demon Tower because not only is its structure new and unique, its interior coloration is also extremely outstanding.

Even the 3 Di brothers cannot help but give rare smiles.

“All right, let’s go upstairs through the north corridor.” Di Jian orders directly.

Di Qing and Di Luan also nod. As for Qin Yu ... he simply has no right to disagree. Of course, he cannot be bothered to disagree either. Even though he is being escorted by the 3 majesties, there is an indifferent smile on his face all the time.

It seems he does not worry about himself at all.

“Smile? Let’s see if you can still smile after arriving in the Nine Demons Hall.” Di Luan laughs coldly in his mind. He is already imagining Qin Yu getting absorbed by the terror jellyfish guardian.

After getting on the 2nd floor, they go along the north corridor directly. There are rooms on either side of this corridor. Di Luan observes carefully then says to Di Jian and Di Qing: “2nd brother, 6th brother, I’ll stay in this room on the left. 6th brother will stay in this room on the right. 2nd brother and Qin Yu will stay in the room in the middle.”

“Good.”

Di Jian nods then immediately enters that room on the right. By contrast, Di Qing shouts at Qin Yu: “Go inside with me, Qin Yu.”

“Why so hot-tempered? Relax, relax!” Qin Yu says smilingly then comes into the room in the middle in a relaxed manner at once.

Di Luan warns from behind: “Be careful, 2nd brother, this Qin Yu fella is no good and he is comparable to a middle Dongxu expert. You definitely can’t let your guard down.” Hearing Di Luan’s warning, Di Qing can only nod his head. But the look he gives Qin Yu becomes even fiercer.

He cannot relax his concentration at any time.

The 3 majesties know well that both the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion probably do not want to let them return to the Nine Demons Hall safely. Therefore, even though they are currently inside the Great Shell Cave, they do not dare to treat anything lightly.

After all, the Great Shell Cave is basically defenseless in the eyes of the Azure Dragon Palace’s and the Blue Water Mansion’s experts.

......

In the middle room, Di Qing is sitting with legs crossed and eyes closed, but his holy sense has surrounded Qin Yu completely as he cannot afford to let Qin Yu make any surreptitious moves. Qin Yu, however, has been well-behaved by sitting with legs crossed and eyes closed very quietly all along.

Suddenly, Qin Yu opens his eyes and looks smilingly at Di Qing.

“Hey, 2nd majesty,” calls he. Seeing Di Qing have no reactions, he immediately calls a bit louder: “Di Qing!” Even though Qin Yu cannot tell the Nine Demons Hall’s 9 majesties apart by appearances, he knows their names. Thus he knows that he is staying in the same room with Di Qing, the 2nd majesty.

Di Qing frowns then opens his eyes and casts a glance at Qin Yu: “Shut up!”

“2nd majesty, you’re a little bored, aren’t you? Let’s have a chat with each other.” Qin Yu stands up and walks towards Di Qing as if he wants to approach Di Qing, whose face changes color instantly. The defensive demonic elemental energy around Di Qing’s body becomes stronger. His purple armor, however, already covered his body long ago.

“Stop.”

Di Qing shouts at Qin Yu. He is confident that he can defeat Qin Yu, but he thinks that the gap in power between them is not very big and, therefore, if Qin Yu uses a sneak attack when they are very near each other, he will either be killed or be badly injured.

“Why so jumpy?” Even though Qin Yu says so, he stops upon seeing Di Qing’s careful behavior.

Di Qing says coldly: “Sit down on your own place, otherwise ...”

Before Di Qing can finish his sentence, Qin Yu hurriedly says: “Alright, don’t worry. I’m going to go back and stop disturbing you.” He is still smiling, seeming not angered at all. He then immediately returns to the place he was sitting on just now.

“Why so fussy?”

He talks to himself and sits down with legs crossed and eyes closed to quietly practice.

Seeing this, Di Qing also shuts his eyes. But he does not dare to relax his holy sense one bit. Watching over Qin Yu is really not an easy job.

Time flies. In the blink of an eye, 4 to 6 hours has passed.

Qin Yu opens his eyes and takes a look at the room’s door before shutting them again immediately. But he thinks to himself: “Given the Blue Water Mansion’s and the Azure Dragon Palace’s influences, what I said last time in the main hall must’ve been leaked out. They should come here tonight.”

Even if the 3 Di brothers had eliminated all the witnesses in the main hall that day, the same secret information would have still been leaked out because before the arrival of the 3 majesties Qin Yu had already made arrangements for it to be spread.

His expectation is correct. The Azure Dragon Palace’s and the Blue Water Mansion’s forces have both arrived.

......

Thanks to a message from Fu Hao, Lord Lou knows that 3 majesties of the Nine Demons Hall are staying in the Purple Demon Tower with Qin Yu. He is currently hiding in an artificial mountain far from the tower and has suppressed his aura completely. Even if Lord Teng, whose power is comparable to his, were here, perhaps he would still not be detected.

Lord Lou’s eyes have reverted to their normal green color.

He strokes his thin moustache with a hint of relaxation on his face.

“This time even Di Jian has come here. In a real fight, I won’t necessarily be a match for this Purple Demon aquatic dragon. Even if I can snatch that Qin Yu fella, it’ll be very hard to escape. I better hide here and wait for Teng Shan to get into action first. Maybe I’ll be able to take advantage of the muddied waters.”

Lord Lou stays there watching the Purple Demon Tower alone with his entire attention. He does not dare to relax in the least.

......

While Lord Lou has been in hiding for a long time, Lord Teng of the Azure Dragon Palace is different.

“Those fellas just entered the Purple Demon Tower so they must be tense. When they have rested for 6 hours and become totally relaxed, I’ll secretly snatch that Qin Yu fella.” Lord Teng is standing on a mountain peak of an underwater mountain range and looking at the Great Shell Cave in the distance.

There are 5 guardians standing behind him.

Time passes but his face is always solemn as if it is carved out of rock.

“It’s about time.”

Lord Teng’s eyes suddenly brighten. Concurrently with this, he says to the 5 guardians behind him through holy sense communication: “All of you get ready. After I snatch Qin Yu and come back, you’ll have to obstruct that Di Jian fella.”

“Yes sir!”

The 5 guardians bow and answer via their holy senses.

They do not dare to say anything aloud for the moment even though the Great Shell Cave is very far from them because they cannot afford to take any chances. After all, Di Jian is a late Dongxu stage expert so his holy sense is incredibly formidable.

Lord Teng pulls off his blood-red robe and sucks it into his spatial ring with a grab. He has to do this because a blood-red robe is fairly noticeable at the bottom of the ocean. Dressed completely in black, he then begins to rush towards the Great Shell Cave using only his physical power.

Horned dragons are also demonic beasts with extremely strong bodies. Lord Teng therefore easily enters the Great Shell Cave then approaches the Purple Demon Tower directly.

Lord Teng’s body is indistinct so none of the Great Shell Cave’s members sees him. However, Lord Lou, who has been watching the surroundings of the Purple Demon Tower and waiting for him impatiently, has noticed him.

“Teng Shan has finally appeared. It’s been such a long time.”

Lord Lou becomes totally excited. He stays still in hiding in the artificial mountain and focuses his entire attention on the Purple Demon Tower, waiting for the situation that will arise after Lord Teng comes into the tower.

“In a real fight, I’m probably no match for Di Jian, but his holy sense is definitely inferior to mine.” Lord Teng is completely sure about this because his soul has reached the peak of the late Dongxu stage. To be exact, it has touched the doorsill of the early Kongming stage.

Therefore, it is no nonsense to say that his holy sense is stronger than Di Jian’s.

Like a ghost, Lord Teng quietly enters the Purple Demon Tower through the secret door that Fu Hao told him about before. He then expands his holy sense until it covers the whole tower. He quickly discovers his target’s location, that is, Qin Yu and Di Qing’s room.

In the room next to Qin Yu’s room on the right, Di Jian suddenly opens his eyes.

Just now, a tinge of fear appeared in his heart, but it vanished quickly. Di Jian does not know what is going on, but he becomes even more cautious and does not dare to loosen up anymore.

Lord Teng goes into the north corridor of the 2nd floor like a gust of wind. His movements do not cause any sounds at all. He does not dare to even use one bit of his elemental energy either.

Suddenly he stops.

“It’s this room.” His eyes brighten as he looks at Qin Yu and Di Qing’s room.

“I must hit in one move and badly injure that Di Qing fella right away. But ... I definitely can’t kill him. Otherwise, given the tempers of those Nine Demons Hall’s brothers, they’ll surely cause my Azure Dragon Palace trouble.” Lord Teng has made up his mind. His eyes flash with fierceness.

Hu!

The door opens. Winds blow. A black light beam shoots into the room.

Di Qing suddenly opens his eyes. Before he can utter a word, the opponent has already thrown a punch at him. He only has enough time to block it with an arm. A deep bang is heard, followed by the sounds of bones getting shattered. Di Qing’s right arm has been smashed and 2 of his breastbones have been broken.

One was intentional while the other was unprepared.

One is at the late Dongxu stage while the other is only at the middle Dongxu stage.

One attacked with full power, aiming to hit and seriously injure the opponent in one strike, while the other hurriedly made a block.

Therefore, it is impossible for Di Qing not to be badly injured!

“Who?!”

There is immediately a shout in the room next door on the right. Afterwards, an explosion is heard as a silhouette goes into Qin Yu’s room by breaking through the wall between the 2 rooms directly. However, by now, Lord Teng has already rushed up to Qin Yu’s side.

He makes a grab at Qin Yu while saying via holy sense communication: “Don’t resist. I’m here to save you.”

Qin Yu gives a faint smile and laughs inwardly: “You’ve finally come.”

Not resist?

Can Qin Yu possibly not resist? He certainly cannot, because this is the chance he has been waiting for.

Even though Lord Teng said so to Qin Yu using his holy sense, he does not think that Qin Yu is willing to be grabbed by him. Therefore, he executes this grab with all his might. Qin Yu reaches out his hands, which turn golden instantly.

He then draws a circle in the air with his hands. His golden stellar energy forms a Tai Chi symbol.

Bang!

Qin Yu’s stellar energy and Lord Teng’s grab collide with each other. That golden Tai Chi symbol can only last for a moment before falling apart. Afterwards --

“Ah!”

Qin Yu immediately utters a miserable cry and is sent flying powerlessly towards Di Qing. At this moment, with a furious expression, a maddened Di Jian shouts coldly: “Teng Shan!!!” He then charges at Teng Shan like a pouncing fierce tiger.

Teng Shan knows at once that the situation is bad for him because he is no match for Di Jian. However, it will not be easy for Di Jian to defeat him either.

“Teng Shan!”

Compared to Di Jian, Di Luan has reacted even faster. He has broken into this room from the other side and blocked Teng Shan’s way directly. When Teng Shan sees Di Luan in front of him, a hint of disdain appears on his face. He immediately knocks Di Luan out of the Purple Demon Tower with a wave of his hand.

He then rushes out through a window.

Di Qing and Di Luan have been badly injured in quick succession.

At this moment, Di Jian basically has no time to check on Di Qing and Di Luan. His first choice is to fight off Teng Shan immediately.

Qin Yu is falling down helplessly. Judging by his trajectory, he should land beside Di Qing.

However, when Qin Yu is about to touch the floor, his body accelerates strangely in an instant and shoots straight at Di Qing. The initial distance between them is too short while Qin Yu reaches his top speed in the blink of an eye.

In addition to that, Di Qing is severely injured.

“Die.”

Qin Yu’s voice rises in Di Qing’s mind through holy sense communication. Badly-injured Di Qing is immediately terrified. At this moment, a short sword appears in Qin Yu’s palm. It is none other than the Flaming Sword. He thrusts it straight at the place hit by Teng Shan just now on Di Qing’s body.

The purple armor at this place was already shattered by Teng Shan’s attack while Qin Yu’s sword is a top-grade holy weapon and a large amount of golden stellar energy has been channeled into the tip of the sword. In terms of offensive power, this sword strike even surpasses Teng Shan’s attack just now.

Pu!

A very soft sound is heard as Qin Yu’s Flaming Sword pierces into Di Qing’s chest and punctures his lung.

Because the Flaming Sword is extremely thin like a cicada’s wing, the wound is almost invisible.

Seeing the ruthless look in Qin Yu’s eyes, Di Qing is horrified. He wants to flee at once using his yuanying but a stream of golden stellar energy comes out from the Flaming Sword and coils around his yuanying directly like a golden rope.

“Spare my life, Qin Yu. Spare my life. If you spare me, my brothers definitely won’t harm you. Spare my life.” As his life is hanging by a thread, Di Qing says in terror using his holy sense.

“It’s too late!”

In an instant, the golden rope’s far end, which is sharp like a needle, penetrates the yuanying. Di Qing’s soul is immediately destroyed. Qin Yu then falls to the floor beside Di Qing as if he is severely injured.

As for Di Qing’s yuanying, he does not take it.

The reason for this is that he wants to put the blame on Teng Shan. He makes his internal energy surge up, causing blood to come out of his mouth. After all, he has to fake his serious injuries convincingly. Qin Yu then lies powerlessly on the floor. His whole face is very pale.

Suddenly, a silhouette rushes into the room. This is none other than Di Luan, who is holding a jade bottle in his hand.

“Why haven’t you taken a Jade Dawn Pill, 2nd brother?”

Now Di Luan’s injuries have mostly healed. However, as soon as he pulls Di Qing up, he is stupefied. His entire body freezes. In an instant, he lets out an anguished cry: “2nd brother!!!”

Only at this moment does a drop of blood begin to slowly come out from the wound that the Flaming Sword left on Di Qing’s body.

End of b6c13.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6 14
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C14: Nine Demons Hall

Outside the Purple Demon Tower,

“This Di Jian fella is a real psycho. I haven’t snatched Qin Yu but he keeps chasing me.” Teng Shan curses in his mind. He simply does not care about suppressing his aura anymore and runs away extremely fast like a black bolt of lightning. Di Jian is furious. He wants to teach Teng Shan a lesson no matter what.

In the artificial mountain, Lord Lou sees 2 silhouettes flash by in the blink of an eye.

“This is excellent.”

Lord Lou’s plan has succeeded. He immediately rushes straight to the Purple Demon Tower like a flash. However, at this moment, Di Luan’s anguished cry rises:

“2nd brother!!!”

Hearing this cry, Di Jian, who is chasing after Teng Shan, suddenly stops. His face turns pale instantly. His entire body’s energy surges forth and he rushes back to the Purple Demon Tower even faster than he chased Teng Shan.

“Impossible. That Teng Shan fella couldn’t have ...”

Di Jian consoles himself in his mind but when he has just rushed through that window of the Purple Demon Tower’s 2nd floor, he sees at a glance Di Qing lying in a corner of the room. At this moment, a silhouette grabs a pale-faced Qin Yu and breaks out of the tower from another room instantly.

“Quickly chase, 6th brother!”

Di Luan, who has just been badly injured again, shouts loudly.

If Di Qing is already dead, it is pointless to grieve over him. Now, the most important thing to Di Jian is to snatch Qin Yu back.

Qin Yu has been snatched and Di Qing has been killed.

At the moment, Di Jian’s heart is filled with fury and hatred. He rushes towards that silhouette extremely fast. Di Jian quickly sees clearly that Qin Yu’s captor ahead of him is a fat man. In the whole underwater Xiuyao world, the only fat Xiuyaoist with such a high level of power is ...

“Lou Ke, stop or I’ll kill you!”

Di Jian yells madly. At the same time, his speed is obviously faster than that of Lord Lou Ke. After all, Lou Ke is going while carrying someone else so naturally his speed has decreased quite a lot. In just a while, Di Jian is already about to catch up with Lou Ke.

“Crimson Toad, let’s join forces and share Qin Yu, all right?” A voice rises in Lou Ke’s mind through holy sense communication. It is none other than Teng Shan’s.

Lou Ke is furious in his heart but seeing a maddened Di Jian, he reacts very quickly by saying through his holy sense: “Alright, Horned Dragon. I accept your suggestion. Let’s join forces to beat Di Jian first. And we’ll share the secret about the jade sword that Qin Yu knows.”

Di Jian’s eyes have reddened.

Di Qing, his 2nd brother, is already dead. In the previous several thousand years, no accidents happened to the 9 of them. Who could have thought that his 8th brother and 2nd brother would be killed successively during such a short period of time as the last couple of years?

“Di Jian, get the hell back, otherwise prepare to collect your 2nd brother’s corpse.”

Teng Shan appears beside Lou Ke with a grim expression. Now Lou Ke has also stopped running. He casually puts a restrictive spell on Qin Yu’s body to render Qin Yu immovable then float side by side with Teng Shan in the water. Di Jian is facing them.

“Ha, Teng Shan, I didn’t think you’d dare to really get into action and kill Di Qing. You’re admirable, really admirable!”

Lou Ke says to Teng Shan.

The latter says doubtfully: “What are you saying? I dealt him a heavy blow but I’m certain that I only badly injured him at most. You also know that the Nine Demons Hall’s pill-making art is famous in the overseas Xiuzhen world. As long as Di Qing isn’t dead, he can definitely recover with ease.”

“You didn’t kill him? Just now I saw that he was dead already. You should admit it.” Lou Ke says smilingly. “But don’t you worry, with the Azure Dragon Palace’s overlord behind you, even though you killed Di Qing, what will that Nine Demons Hall dare do to you?”

“Shut up!”

Di Jian shouts coldly all of a sudden. Meanwhile, Di Luan also rushes out and gives Teng Shan a look of hatred: “Lord Teng, vice overlord Teng, you’re someone of high status but my 2nd brother was also one of the Nine Demons Hall’s majesties. By killing my brother, you’ve become the enemy of the entire Nine Demons Hall.”

“Teng Shan, prepare to die.”

Di Jian’s voice has become even colder.

At this moment, Qin Yu, whose body has been imposed upon with a restrictive spell, is sitting on a coral reef. He raises his head to watch this scene.

“Come on, cause turbulence for me.”

Unlike the Qian Long continent, the overseas Xiuzhen world has very many experts. Jindan stage Xiuzhenists basically do not mean anything here. Yuanying stage Xiuzhenists can still be considered experts locally, but in the eyes of the major powers such as the Nine Demons Hall, only experts at the Dongxu stage or above have the right to take part in important issues.

The 5 superpowers of the overseas Xiuzhen world are the Penglai Immortal Region, the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon, the Azure Dragon Palace, the Nine Demons Hall and the Blue Water Mansion.

Among them, 3 belong to underwater Xiuyaoists. The Azure Dragon Palace, the Nine Demons Hall and the Blue Water Mansion have been maintaining a state of balance for so many years, but now Qin Yu wants to make these 3 powers fight each other.

His Blood-red Cave’s status must be improved. After all, he has had enough of the Nine Demons Hall’s oppression recently. Therefore, he wants to cause fighting between the Nine Demons Hall, the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion first so that he can benefit from this as an onlooker.

As Qin Yu watches from below, the argument between the parties above him heats up.

“The Azure Dragon Palace is strong and its overlord is the no. 1 overseas expert, but ... Teng Shan, you’ve killed my 2nd brother so you must die.” Di Jian has made a resolution to kill Teng Shan. His entire aura becomes violent.

Di Luan quickly moves back. He knows that if he stays, he will only make it difficult for his 6th brother.

“Did I really hit too hard?” Teng Shan finds it somewhat unbelievable.

Even though that punch broke some of Di Qing’s breastbones, Di Qing was a middle Dongxu stage expert, so how could he be killed so easily? But judging by Di Jian’s current expression, this is obviously real.

“Crimson Toad, this Di Jian fella really wants to fight already. Don’t think too much. Let’s fight him together. Humph, so what if I killed one of the Nine Demons Hall’s majesties? Why can’t a vice overlord of the Azure Dragon Palace like me kill a Nine Demons Hall’s majesty?!”

Teng Shan’s manner has become obviously lordly.

“All right, Teng Shan, I’m going to fight this Purple Demon aquatic dragon with you.” Lou Ke also sends out killing intent from his body.

In the eyes of the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion, the Nine Demons Hall is the weakest of the 3 superpowers. The Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion are sustained by a top-class expert each. The Nine Demons Hall’s 9 majesties cannot compare with Overlord Azure Dragon or Old Freak Three-Eyed individually, but they have a few more middle Dongxu stage and late Dongxu stage experts and all of them are Purple Demon aquatic dragons.

“Growl ~~~”

Di Jian suddenly growls then transforms into a huge aquatic dragon that is nearly 100 m long and purple from head to toe. The row of purple spikes on the dragon’s back radiates a cold light. It immediately takes a swipe at Teng Shan and Lou Ke with its 2 front claws.

“Using true form from the beginning?!”

Teng Shan has also become angry. He raises his head and lets out a growl. A horned dragon that is also about 100 m long appears. This horned dragon is a bit thinner than the aquatic dragon but it is still much thicker than a water tank and the alternately blue and white markings on its body look extremely frightening.

“Croak croak ~~”

With strange croaks, Lou Ke’s whole body turns into a huge blood-red toad in an instant. This toad is 7 to 8 m tall and has a pair of staring eyes that look like balls. There is an indistinct blood-red light moving in the eyes.

......

The Purple Demon aquatic dragon keeps growling and attacking by taking swipes with its claws, shooting its flying sword from its mouth, thrusting its single horn, swinging its tail and even sending out restrictive spells. This late Dongxu stage Purple Demon aquatic dragon is not only one level above Di Tong in power.

How can Teng Shan and Lou Ke possibly flinch from facing Di Jian’s madness?

The horned dragon has claw attacks that are not weaker than the Purple Demon aquatic dragon’s at all. Its body can even move a bit faster than that of the aquatic dragon, but it is inferior to the aquatic dragon in strength. And that crimson toad is very terrifyingly formidable because its entire body is covered in a blood-red mist.

It is a poison, a deadly poison.

“Croak, croak.”

The crimson toad utters 2 strange croaks. Its cheeks become even larger than big drums. Afterwards, it opens its mouth and shoots out a blood-red flying sword. This flying sword is different from other flying swords because it is a poisoned sword.

The Purple Demon aquatic dragon thus is up against 2 opponents, one being the horned dragon, which uses close-quarters attacks, and the other being the crimson toad, which attacks using its poisonous mist and poisoned sword.

Their fight is so fierce that the battlefield becomes extremely murky.

The whole Great Shell Cave has been alarmed but nobody dares to approach the battlefield. Even though that crimson toad is fighting so fiercely, he unexpectedly still remembers to set up a protective air shield around Qin Yu below him. It will be terrible if someone important like Qin Yu gets killed by the aftereffects of the fight between the 3 super experts.

“Growl ~~”

With a long, mad growl, a purple stream of energy charges at the horned dragon and the crimson toad like a storm. Both the horned dragon and the toad cannot help retreating. In an instant, they transform into their human forms.

Teng Shan looks a bit of a mess. He says grudgingly: “I never thought Di Jian would be so strong. Let’s go, Crimson Toad. This time we’ve lost.”

He then immediately runs for his life, disregarding everything.

The crimson toad is even more resolute. He flees at once without even caring about Qin Yu.

“6th brother.” Di Luan has now rushed over. Di Jian has switched back to his human form, but he looks obviously disheveled. Demonic elemental energy is still vibrating around his whole body and his face is purple. Only after a while does his condition stabilize.

“I’m all right.” Di Jian lets out a breath.

Afterwards, he breaks the restrictive spell on Qin Yu’s body with a wave of his hand.

Di Luan looks at Qin Yu with his eyes full of detestation: “It’s only because of you. If not for you, how could my 2nd brother have died?” When he finishes, he throws a palm strike. Because Qin Yu is pretending to be seriously injured, he can only move his head a bit to dodge.

Pa!

That palm strike, which originally was about to hit Qin Yu’s face, hits Qin Yu’s head.

“Don’t be excessive, Di Luan. Otherwise, I won’t go with you to the Nine Demons Hall even if you kill me.” Qin Yu says while staring at Di Luan.

“Give him a Jade Dawn Pill, 7th brother, so that he can recover a bit faster.”

Di Luan is also sensible so he gives Qin Yu a pill. Qin Yu swallows it smilingly. That pill immediately turns into various clear streams which flow through his entire body. In an instant, the internal injuries that Qin Yu intentionally inflicted upon himself are healed. His power has even been improved a little.

“It’s said that the Nine Demons Hall’s pills are famous in the overseas Xiuzhen world. You really live up to your reputation.” Qin Yu praises highly.

Di Luan, however, does not even take a look at him. If he did not know information about the 8th jade sword, Di Luan would probably torture him to death right away.

Di Jian looks at the Great Shell Cave with a grim expression: “Humph, 7th brother, we’ve been staying in the Great Shell Cave for just one night but those fellas from the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion have already come here. There must be a spy in this cave. It’s this spy who caused 2nd brother’s death.”

There is a hint of madness in Di Luan’s eyes. He looks at the Great Shell Cave: “What do you mean, 6th brother?”

“Kill them all, from the cave master to the guards and servants. We’ll let none survive!” Di Jian’s voice is exceptionally grim.

Hearing that, Qin Yu is secretly startled.

Kill them all?

The Di brothers killed at will in his Blood-red Cave so he has been harboring a grudge against them for a long time. Therefore, this time he seized the opportunity to kill Di Qing and put the blame on someone else so determinedly. These members of the Nine Demons Hall are really too cruel.

Now they want to slaughter the entire Great Shell Cave.

“Di Luan, Di Jian, there are more than 1000 Xiuyaoists in a cave. Only a very few of them are spies. You ...” Even though he is ruthless, he finds this somewhat unacceptable.

“Shut up.”

Di Jian gives him a cold look.

......

Bloody night,

The whole Great Shell Cave is covered in blood. Di Jian and Di Luan’s massacre was really too terrifying. They transformed into 2 Purple Demon aquatic dragons and ran amok. Nobody in the Great Shell Cave was able to resist them.

Qin Yu still remembers Fu Hao’s anguished dying cry.

“Go. From now on, we’re going straight back to the Nine Demons Hall without entering any caves.” Di Luan has made a decision.

Both Qin Yu and Di Luan get on Di Jian’s huge flying sword. The 3 of them are riding one flying sword together so their current speed is much faster than when they just left the Blood-red Cave. They thus head extremely fast for the Nine Demons Hall.

......

After this fight, the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion have both come out from behind the curtain. At the same time, the amity between the 3 superpowers has cracked. The 8th jade sword is the cause of this breakdown in relations between them.

Because Di Jian and Di Luan massacred the Great Shell Cave, the other caves are all terrified.

Luckily, afterwards they go straight back to the Nine Demons Hall without stopping at any caves. Otherwise, perhaps some cave masters would have become prostrate with fear.

Di Qing is dead.

The Nine Demons Hall immediately tries to call the Azure Dragon Palace to account, demanding to know why vice overlord Teng Shan killed Di Qing.

Teng Shan does not admit killing Di Qing. He only admits that he badly injured Di Qing.

However, that day, right after seriously injuring Di Qing with a punch, he tried to grab Qin Yu without checking carefully so he is uncertain whether he did not kill Di Qing. He thinks that there is a possibility his demonic elemental energy shook the yuanying and shattered the soul after damaging Di Qing’s chest.

To sum up, in just about a year, the entire underwater Xiuyao world is shaken. At the same time, Qin Yu’s name and his connection with the 8th jade sword become known by everyone here.

......

Outside the Nine Demons Hall,

Di Long, Di Xu, Di Yang, Di Feng and Di Nai are standing side by side. Through their transmitters, they already know that Di Jian and Di Luan are about to return. In just a while, the 5 of them can see Di Jian, Di Luan and Qin Yu coming back on a flying sword in the distance.

When Di Jian and Di Luan rush up to their 5 brothers, there is only pain on their faces.

“6th brother, 7th brother.”

Di Long and the other 4 brothers look at the 2 of them.

“2nd brother is dead.”

Di Jian slowly says. The eyes of the Di brothers all redden. Di Qing’s death is obviously a heavy blow to the remaining 7 brothers of the Nine Demons Hall. They only recover from their mournfulness after a long time. Di Luan then looks at Qin Yu, his eyes glittering with coldness: “Brothers, this is Qin Yu.”

Di Long and the other 4 brothers all look at Qin Yu.

To the Di brothers, both Di Tong’s death and Di Qing’s death have to do with this Qin Yu fellow. Except for Di Long, who is still somewhat calm, all of them want to kill Qin Yu immediately to vent the hatred in their hearts.

End of b6c14.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6 15
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C15: Death sentence

The Nine Demons Hall as a whole forms a Twelve Capital Gates Formation. 12 palaces have been built on the 12 eyes of the formation. Each palace has different structures such as gardens, courtyard houses, multi-story buildings, pavilions and so on. The 9 majesties live in 9 of the 12 palaces.

The other 3 palaces are Universal Palace, Treasure Storing Palace and Main Hall Palace.

At the moment, the Nine Demons Hall’s remaining 7 majesties and Qin Yu are in the main hall. The 7 majesties sit down according to their respective orders with Di Long sitting on a raised platform in the main hall. Qin Yu is the only one who is standing.

With his back robe fluttering, he bows and says: “Greetings, great majesty and the other majesties. I am Qin Yu, the Blood-red Cave’s master.”

He then faces the majesties smilingly in an indifferent and moderate manner.

Because he is a prince’s son, he has been used to seeing great things since he was a kid. These Nine Demons Hall’s 7 majesties are powerful but their manners and appearances are not as splendid and sumptuous as mortal monarchs. After all, the number of Xiuyaoists is much smaller than the number of mortals.

“Qin Yu, I ask you, how did my 8th brother die?” Di Long looks down at him from the raised platform and asks.

Qin Yu says smilingly: “Great majesty, can you allow me to give a brief account of myself before talking about 8th majesty’s death? If you listen to my story, you’ll probably know everything.” He says with confidence and composure.

The majesties on the lower end of the main hall are all somewhat impatient.

These majesties know very well that if they immediately grab Qin Yu and let that terror jellyfish guardian eat him, they can know everything. However, there is one disadvantage in doing so, that is, they will not be able to ascertain whether guardian Terror Jellyfish will tell them the truth or not.

“All right, go ahead.” Di Long is in no hurry either.

Qin Yu nods his head then says: “Originally, after making some achievements in practice, I left my school with my brother Hou Fei. We then wandered about and arrived at the Blood-red Ridge, where there are a lot of Xiuyaoists.”

“Your school?”

The 7 majesties, including Di Long, frown because most Xiuyaoists practice by themselves using techniques which are taught to them by their own clans and very few Xiuyaoists have a school. Therefore, how can they possibly not be startled after Qin Yu mentioned his school?

Qin Yu continues: “Later in the Blood-red Ridge, I fought and became acquainted with Cha Ge and became a guardian of the Blood-red Cave as well. I asked my master for instructions and my master also thought that I should cultivate myself in the Blood-red Cave and improve my social skills.”

“However, afterwards ...” Qin Yu’s eyes dim, as if he is recalling what happened that one day.

Di Long and the other majesties all become focused, knowing that Qin Yu’s story has reached an important point.

“A fierce fight broke out between 8th majesty and cave master Cha Hong on the cave’s underground secret floor. Cave master Cha Hong died in this fight and 8th majesty obtained the black jade case that Cha Hong had had to spend 100 years to open, and of course he obtained that 8th jade sword.”

“There should have been a jade slip too, right?” Di Long suddenly asks.

“I don’t know. My master didn’t tell me exactly what there were inside the case.” Qin Yu answers naturally. “But later a mysterious figure appeared all of a sudden and sneakily attack 8th majesty right away. The assailant was more powerful than him and used a sneak attack so he was killed on the spot.”

“Damn!”

“Bastard!”

Almost all of the majesties in the main hall immediately curse.

Di Long, however, keeps questioning Qin Yu with a calm expression: “Qin Yu, what you said sounds as if you saw this with your own eyes. How did you know?”

“My master told me.” Qin Yu replies smilingly.

Di Long continues to ask: “Then how did your master know? If your master’s holy sense is so extraordinary that he could even know what was going on, why didn’t he kill that mysterious killer to snatch the 8th jade sword?”

“My master has marvelous abilities, why would he care about the 8th jade sword? He already knew about the legend of the 9 Swords long ago. When his holy sense discovered that black jade case, he immediately figured out everything. However, he follows the way of Heaven and is very aloof and proud so he did nothing, thinking that it was the mysterious killer’s destiny to obtain the jade sword.” Qin Yu suddenly lets out a sigh.

“Alas, I knew nothing when that fight was going on either. If I had known beforehand, I would’ve asked my master to help. Perhaps 8th majesty’s life would’ve been saved. My master is aloof and proud but he cares a lot about me, his only disciple.”

Di Long nods his head.

Suddenly --

“6th brother, you personally escort Qin Yu into Universal Palace. He is to be detained in the Kan 1 room.” Di Long unexpectedly orders Di Jian to shut Qin Yu in a room of Universal Palace.

Qin Yu has no objection either.

“There’s no need to use force, 6th majesty. I’ll go with you. With your power, you don’t have to worry that I’ll run away, do you?” Qin Yu immediately says as he sees Di Jian reaching out his hands intending to grab his own hands.

“Okay.”

Di Jian is confident in his own abilities so he immediately leads Qin Yu out of the main hall, heading for Universal Palace.

Qin Yu does not know at all that Universal Palace is basically a prison. Moreover, it is where serious offenders are kept. The warders of Universal Palace’s rooms are all extremely loyal guards of the Nine Demons Hall. It is very difficult to escape once locked up in here!

......

Qin Yu and Di Jian are going forwards alongside each other on a road paved with blue stone.

“6th majesty, you brothers want to lock me up because you’re afraid that I’ll run away. But I wonder what you detain me this time for. Just now I should have already told you everything. Before letting me go, can you explain to me a bit?”

Qin Yu says to Di Jian enthusiastically.

But the latter’s face is totally grim.

In his eyes, Qin Yu is already dead. Letting Qin Yu go? After guardian Terror Jellyfish absorbs Qin Yu, there will not be even a corpse left

“Oh, this palace is called Treasure Storing Palace? There should be a lot of treasures here, right?” Qin Yu, however, does not see many guards outside this palace. If it is really Treasure Storing Palace and contains valuable treasures, why are there so few guards here?

Di Jian gives a rare nod: “This is Treasure Storing Palace among the 12 palaces of the Nine Demons Hall. But we aren’t afraid of anyone stealing from it.”

“Oh, how so?” Qin Yu becomes curious.

Di Jian says haughtily: “Do you know what my Nine Demons Hall is best at?”

“Making pills.” Qin Yu immediately answers.

There is a hint of satisfaction on Di Jian’s face: “You should know that Xiuyaoists are generally inferior to humans in pill making and weapon forging, but the Nine Demons Hall’s art of pill making is comparable to those of the best pill making Xiuzhen schools thanks to this Treasure Storing House.”

Qin Yu listens attentively.

“Generally, good crystals to forge weapons are very valuable because top-grade holy weapons are highly attractive to experts like us. But top-grade crystals are extremely rare, so storage bracelets and spatial rings already have enough space for them. There’s no need for a Treasure Storing Palace.”

There is a rare note of excitement on Di Jian’s face as he is about to mention the Nine Demons Hall’s proudest achievement.

“This Treasure Storing Palace absorbs the life essence in nature, solar energy and so on through restrictive spells, holy-energy-gathering formations, high-level elemental-energy-gathering formations and many other profound formations. The palace’s 8 large areas of land are used to plant various kinds of rare herbs. The hardest thing in pill making is to find materials. A single pill may need several tens materials. Since the ocean is huge, it’s difficult to gather them. Therefore we brothers have been trying to find rare herbs and transplant them into this palace.”

After listening, Qin Yu cannot help secretly praising the Nine Demons Hall.

Transplanting?

Suitable environments are very important to rare herbs. Some grow in hot places, some grow in cold places, some grow in dry places and some grow in shade. Therefore, it is easier said than done to grow them on a large scale.

There is also another requirement, that is, patience.

In general, it takes relatively long for rare herbs to grow. Of course, there are ones that only need several months to become fully developed, but there are also ones that need as long as even 100 years or 1000 years. According to legend, it takes some extremely rare herbs even several thousand years to more than 10,000 years to become full-grown.

Generally, after planting rare herbs, one will have to wait patiently for several decades to several centuries on average to gather them. This patience is worthy of praise too.

“The Jade Dawn Pill you took is the Nine Demons Hall’s esoteric pill. It was made from some materials in Treasure Storing Palace.” Di Jian’s face suddenly turns cold. He shouts at Qin Yu: “Stop asking so much. Follow me.”

After saying so, he quickens his pace, heading for another palace.

Qin Yu secretly laughs: “Me? Isn’t it you who couldn’t control yourself and talked so much without a break just now? But ... this Treasure Storing Palace is really quite something.”

“6th majesty, there are such rare herbs in Treasure Storing Palace, but why does it have so few guards?” Qin Yu asks his original question again.

Di Jian says with a cold laugh: “Who would dare to steal from it? The 8 plantations are protected by the restrictive spells around them. If someone touches a restrictive spell, we brothers will know immediately. Also, what’s the point of having a large number of ordinary guards here? Some are already enough.”

Qin Yu understands this so he stops asking.

After a while, he and Di Jian arrive at the outside of a huge palace, which is none other than Universal Palace.

The Nine Demons Hall’s 12 palaces are about the same in size. Each of them is 1 to 2 km long. Heaven knows how many years it will take mortals to finish building such large palaces. However, it is easy for Xiuyaoists to build them.

“6th majesty.”

The guards at the entrance of Universal Palace say after getting down on one knee.

Di Jian nods then leads Qin Yu into the palace directly. As soon as Qin Yu enters the palace, he feels as if he is in a maze and has lost his sense of direction. There are only 8 directions, which are Kan, Li, Dui, Zhen, Xun, Qian, Kun, and Gen (*).

Di Jian goes directly to the outside of a cell with a plate that says ‘Kan 1’ in the Kan direction. This prison cell is made entirely of a certain kind of black stone, looking very oppressive. Except for the door, the cell also has a window. It is only because of this that there is a little light in the cell.

“Open the door.”

Di Jian shouts at the guard of the Kan 1 cell.

Frightened, that guard hurriedly executes the technique for opening and closing the cell’s door. Di Jian then looks at Qin Yu, who smilingly goes into the cell. The guard hurriedly executes that technique again to close the door.

“Good heavens! This entire Universal Palace is a huge formation and each cell is surrounded by restrictive spells. Even if I can destroy these black stone walls, I won’t be able to break the spells.” Qin Yu can feel the defense of the restrictive spells with his holy sense so he knows that he cannot break them.

As for the window, though there seems to be nothing here, when he touches it, he discovers that it has a transparent restrictive layer.

“Qin Yu, you stay here quietly.”

Right after saying so, Di Jian turns around and leaves.

This Kan direction has 8 prison cells from Kan 1 to Kan 8. Among them, Kan 1 is the one where the most important offenders are kept. Kan also tops the 8 directions.

Kan 1, therefore, is the maximum security prison cell in Universal Palace.

“Who’s that? Why are they locked up in Kan 1?”

“Heaven knows. But it must be some formidable expert. Anyway, this is none of our business.”

...

These warders begin to chat with each other and guess at the identity of the prisoner in the most important cell.

......

In the main hall, Di Jian has just returned.

“Summon guardian Terror Jellyfish.”

Di Long orders. As soon as this order is given, his brothers all know his meaning.

He wants to let guardian Terror Jellyfish absorb Qin Yu.

“Big brother, according to Qin Yu’s words, his master seems very formidable. If what he said is true, once we kill him, his master will get furious and come to the Nine Demons Hall ...” The 3rd brother Di Yang says worriedly.

Di Long says with a smile: “3rd brother, you’ve been fooled by that brat. How can his master possibly be such an expert as he said? In the overseas Xiuzhen world, except for Old Freak Three-Eyed and Overlord Azure Dragon, is there anyone so powerful?”

“Not necessarily, big brother. Don’t you know that legend? In the southernmost area of this ocean, near the Chaotic Astral Ocean, there is an ancient teleport formation.” Di Yang warns.

Di Long says smilingly: “You’re telling me his master comes from that place?”

Di Yang nods. The other majesties’ faces all become solemn. If Qin Yu’s master is really from that place, things will become a bit more complicated.

“You’ve all become a bit too timid already. If you just believe it when someone boasts about their master’s awesomeness, later will the Nine Demons Hall still be able to kill anyone? Also, have you thought carefully about what Qin Yu said just now?”

The other majesties all look at Di Long.

He says at once: “Qin Yu said that the 9 Swords don’t deserve the attention of someone with awesome abilities like his master. Humph, the 9 Swords were left behind by an immortal. Perhaps even many inhabitants of that place would go mad over them, but his master unexpectedly doesn’t care about them. This is a bit too exaggerating. Moreover ...”

After listening to this point, the other majesties also believe Di Long. That’s right. Who in this Xiuzhen world would not care about an immortal mansion?

“In the end Qin Yu said that his master was aloof and proud but cared a lot about him, the only disciple. Why did he say this in the end? He just wanted to let us know that there is a bogus super expert who cares about him very much to scare us all. Indeed, you were frightened, 3rd brother.”

Di Long’s face changes color: “If Qin Yu’s master was such a super expert, how could he have let us capture his disciple with such ease? I don’t believe there’s anyone who disdains the 9 Swords in the Xiuzhen world. All right, 3rd brother, quickly summon guardian Terror Jellyfish.”

Di Yang says immediately: “Don’t worry, big brother. Humph, just now I was fooled by that brat indeed. But this time he definitely won’t escape. After guardian Terror Jellyfish absorbs him, not only will his soul be destroyed, not one bit of his body will remain either.”

He then goes summon guardian Terror Jellyfish at once.

NOTE:

(*): These are the 8 trigrams.

End of b6c15.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 6 16
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B6C16: All in one go

At guardian Terror Jellyfish’s place,

Di Yang goes to the outside of guardian Terror Jellyfish’s place then immediately says via holy sense communication: “Guardian Terror Jellyfish, I’m 3rd majesty. Quickly come out and go with me to the main hall. My big brother got something important for you to do.”

In just a while, a lanky man walks out.

This man is none other than guardian Terror Jellyfish. There are blue and yellow markings on his face. Seeing Di Yang, he salutes at once: “3rd majesty.”

“Follow me.”

Di Yang and guardian Terror Jellyfish immediately go to the main hall together. However, a guard on one side of the guardian’s dwelling place suddenly takes out a transmitter and sends a message.

......

On the vast surface of the ocean, there is a certain island that is several thousand li in both length and width. This island is full of black rocks and has very little vegetation so there is no Xiuxian school here.

Teng Shan and Lou Ke are standing side by side on this island.

Suddenly, Lou Ke takes out a transmitter and makes a sweep with his holy sense. He then says smilingly to Teng Shan: “Teng Shan, just as I expected, the Nine Demons Hall wants that terror jellyfish to get into action and absorb Qin Yu directly to obtain his memories.”

Teng Shan says with a nod: “I know this. My subordinate already messaged me. Qin Yu is being locked up in the Kan 1 cell.”

“Kan 1? It’s such an important prison cell. My subordinate isn’t the warder of this cell.” Lou Ke says with a shake of his head. Teng Shan, however, says smilingly: “Your subordinate isn’t, neither is mine, but ... my subordinate is the warder of Kan 2.”

Teng Shan immediately takes out a transmitter and sends a message.

......

Outside the Kan 1 cell in Universal Palace,

“Brother Wang.”

Kan 2’s warder calls Kan 1’s warder.

“Keeping guard here every day is really boring. What is it in your hand, brother Yan?” Wang Huai’s eyes brighten as he sees a crystal in Yan Ze’s hand. He knows at a glance that this is a high-grade crystal.

Yan Ze says proudly: “What do you think, brother Wang? This crystal of mine is not bad, right? I’m going to ask someone to forge it into a high-grade holy weapon for me.”

Wang Huai says enviously: “Oh my, high-grade crystal! Now I only have a middle-grade holy weapon. When will I ever ... you ...”

“Shut up or I’ll take your little life.”

Yan Ze has already thrust a short sword into the flesh on Wang Huai’s chest. He exerted his strength very precisely and pierced into the flesh only without damaging the heart. However, if Yan Ze makes his short sword go a little deeper, Wang Huai, who has only reached the late Jindan stage, will definitely be killed.

“What do you want, brother Yan?” Wang Huai says in terror via his holy sense.

Because Yan Ze’s short sword has pierced into his flesh, he basically has no way to resist. After all, a protective layer of demonic elemental energy is usually formed outside the body so stopping a weapon when it has entered the body is difficult. Moreover, Wang Huai knows that Yan Ze is not weaker than he is.

“Nothing, just open the door of your cell.”

Because his life is on the line, Wang Huai performs the technique for opening the door of his cell. This door is a slide door so it goes into the wall as that technique is executed.

......

Qin Yu, who is sitting with legs crossed in his cell, sees through the window 2 warders unexpectedly approaching him. Suddenly, the warder named Wang Huai makes a sign with his hands, opening the door of the cell.

“Sir Qin Yu, my boss is vice overlord Teng Shan of the Azure Dragon Palace. He ordered me to save you. After getting out of this Universal Palace, if you go straight to the ocean surface then fly southwest about more than 200,000 li, you’ll see a black rock island. My boss and Lord Lou of the Blue Water Mansion are on that island so the Nine Demons Hall definitely won’t be able to harm you.”

Yan Ze’s voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind through holy sense communication at just about the same time as when the door is opened.

“More than 200,000 li? Azure Dragon Palace? Blue Water Mansion?”

Qin Yu gives a smile and immediately goes out of the prison cell like a golden beam of light. He disappears from Universal Palace instantly at a fast speed. Both Yan Ze and Wang Huai cannot see his body clearly. Yan Ze then pierces Wang Huai’s heart in the blink of an eye.

Wang Huai dies with his eyes wide opened in disbelief.

The Kan direction has 8 prison cells but there are only 3 warders here with their respective cells being Kan 1, Kan 2 and Kan 3. After all, it will be a waste of resources to give every cell a warder. Having a warder at each of the 3 most important cells is enough.

The 3 warders all know the techniques for opening the other 5 cells.

Seeing Kan 1’s door open and Yan Ze looking at him coldly, the warder of Kan 3 says very cleverly: “Big brother Yan, I’m no match for you. I definitely won’t tell anyone about this. Please spare me.”

As that warder is talking, a transmitter appears in the hand put behind his back.

Yan Ze nods his head smilingly, but he makes a wave of his sleeve all of a sudden. A green light which looks like a fishing net covers that warder instantly. That warder’s body turns into a thick liquid as soon as this happens and then vaporizes.

“It’s time I left too. Otherwise, enraged by this, those majesties will surely kill me.”

But Qin Yu does not flee immediately. Given his power, basically nobody other than some of the majesties can detect him. And he is even totally confident that he will not lose to Di Jian and Di Long in speed.

“There’s no hurry. Isn’t their Treasure Storing Palace highly valuable?”

He quietly heads for Treasure Storing Palace. His Lei Mountain House has a weapon-forging chamber as well as a pill-making chamber, but he has never used the latter because he has never had enough materials. After all, pill making requires very many materials.

In just a while, he arrives at a corner of Treasure Storing Palace.

This palace is huge, being 1 to 2 km in both length and width, but he looks at it very confidently because he has the Menghuan ring Lei Wei left behind, which is even superior to this Xiuzhen world’s so-called no. 1 spatial ring.

The storage compartment of the spatial ring he obtained after killing Di Tong is only 100 to 200 m in both length and width. And, at least, a spatial ring with enough space for such a huge thing as this Treasure Storing Palace has never been seen in the overseas Xiuzhen world.

“You majesties take your time chatting in the main hall. I’ll take Treasure Storing Palace away first.”

Qin Yu grabs a wall of this Treasure Storing Palace with a hand and immediately gives it a thought, however --

A light suddenly flashes around the palace.

His face changes color at once: “No good. This palace is supported by an 8 Diagrams Formation under it. How can I take this palace under the suppression of this formation?” He immediately expands his holy sense energy until it enfolds the whole Treasure Storing Palace.

This palace is built according to the 8 diagrams and its foundations are also an 8 Diagrams Formation.

......

In the main hall, the 7 majesties have just summoned guardian Terror Jellyfish.

“There’s no need to worry, guardian Terror Jellyfish. We’ll restrain that Qin Yu fella directly. All you’ll need to do is absorb him right away. But you’ll have to obtain all of his memories.” Great majesty Di Long entrusts the task to guardian Terror Jellyfish.

The guardian immediately takes the order: “I ...”

“This is bad. Someone is destroying the Nine Demons Hall’s foundations!” Di Long’s faces changes color. He makes a sweep with his holy sense at once then shouts: “Someone is destroying the 8 Diagrams Formation at Treasure Storing Palace. Quickly follow me to that place, brothers.” When he finishes, he has already rushed out of the main hall.

The other 6 majesties, Di Yang, Di Xu, Di Feng, Di Jian, Di Luan and Di Nai, also rush to Treasure Storing Palace right after him.

This palace is the most important among the Nine Demons Hall’s 12 palaces. If any other palace is lost, they can rebuild it. But Treasure Storing Palace is valuable because of the pills and rare herbs inside it, and not because of its structure. The Nine Demons Hall had to steal from many and search its 90 million li radius territory nonstop for more than 1000 years to amass those pills and rare herbs.

......

“Break!”

Holding the Flaming Sword, Qin Yu executes a fierce stab down on the Kan position of the formation. A green light flashes as his sword breaks the restrictive spell and pierces through the stone pillar of the formation base at this place. The Kan position has been destroyed.

His body then moves extremely fast to the Li position like a golden beam of light.

After channeling his entire golden stellar energy into the top-grade holy weapon Flaming Sword, he breaks the protective spell at this position and destroys the stone pillar underneath it with a sword strike. He then rushes to the next position, Dui.

“The strange changes at this Treasure Storing Palace must’ve caught those majesties’ attention. I must speed up.”

Qin Yu has reached his maximum speed. Even though he is fast, the 7 majesties are not slow either because they are worrying about the safety of Treasure Storing Palace. Right after he destroys the 4th position in the formation base, they arrive at this palace.

“Stop him!”

Di Long orders even though he does not know why the opponent is destroying the foundations-stabilizing 8 Diagrams Formation. In his opinion, such a huge thing as Treasure Storing Palace definitely cannot be sucked into a spatial ring. But the enemy must be doing this for some reason.

Therefore, what Di Long has to do now is stop the enemy.

Di Yang, Di Xu, Di Feng, Di Jian, Di Luan and Di Nai immediately charge at that golden beam of light like 6 beams of light. The 6 of them want to surround Qin Yu. However, Qin Yu flashes by Di Yang easily with a shake of his body then destroys the Xun position directly with a sword strike.

“So it’s you, Qin Yu!”

Di Long quickly sees Qin Yu’s appearance and becomes furious. He does not understand how Qin Yu, who should have been locked up in the Kan 1 prison cell, can be here at the moment and is even destroying the foundations-stabilizing 8 Diagrams Formation. It is useless for him to think much so he charges straight at Qin Yu.

“Humph, stop me? My power is weaker than yours, but my speed and body-maneuvering skill ...”

A faint smile appears on the corners of his mouth. With an easy shake of his body, he flashes past Di Long on one side, leaving Di Long with a face full of disbelief. Then, using another sword strike, he destroys the Qian position. By now he has destroyed 6 positions in the formation base.

“I never thought he was so fast!”

Di Long finally understands why, according to the information he received, when Qin Yu killed the old turtle Qingxuan, Qingxuan was unable to block the only sword strike executed by Qin Yu. Judging from what happened just now, Qin Yu’s speed is even faster than his quite a lot.

“Ha-ha, want to stop me? Dream on!”

Qin Yu destroys the Kun position with yet another sword strike. His strange body-maneuvering skill and frightening speed make the majesties surrounding him extremely furious. Suddenly --

9th majesty Di Nai stands on the last position, Gen, and says with loud laughs: “Big brother, if we stand at this position, eventually he’ll have to face us head-on no matter how profound his body-maneuvering skill is and how fast he is.”

Happy expressions appear on the other majesties’ faces. Qin Yu, however, stops his body-maneuvering skill.

“9th majesty is really smart. But --“

From not moving, he reaches his top speed in the blink of an eye. His terrifying speed even causes a sonic boom. Holding the Flaming Sword, he flashes by a majesty then resolutely makes a slash at 9th majesty Di Nai.

Di Nai is at the middle Dongxu stage so he can be a match for Qin Yu in a real fight. However, he is using his human form instead of his true form.

Bang!

Di Nai’s battle knife and Qin Yu’s short sword clash with each other directly. Right afterwards, Qin Yu’s Flaming Sword unexpectedly comes off his hand and falls down. Qin Yu, however, throws a punch at Di Nai. At the moment he is wearing the Flaming Gloves, which have been fully charged with his golden stellar energy.

Fighting with the fists?

As a demonic beast with a strong body, Di Nai certainly likes this.

“Ha!”

Di Nai suddenly shouts and smashes his right fist into Qin Yu’s fist. But he immediately feels an acute pain in his right hand. He hurriedly backs off and cannot help secretly being amazed by Qin Yu’s punch. At this moment, according to Qin Yu’s mental control, the Flaming Sword thrusts down at the floor.

Bang!

A flying sword unexpectedly blocks his Flaming Sword.

Di Long is charging at him from the distance. The other 6 majesties are also charging at him. Having no time to think much, Qin Yu controls the Flaming Sword to block Di Long’s then smashes a punch down on the stone pillar below him.

Di Nai, who is nearest him, also throws a punch at his head.

If Qin Yu shatters the stone pillar, his head will be smashed by Di Nai.

“Ha!”

Qin Yu clenches his teeth then suddenly ducks down towards the floor and twists his whole body at the same time. Di Nai’s punch hits his shoulder heavily, smashing its bones and bloodying it. But Qin Yu’s other hand has shattered the stone pillar.

Kan, Li, Dui, Zhen, Xun, Qian, Kun and Gen, the 8 vital places in the formation base have been destroyed.

The bones in one of Qin Yu’s shoulders have been exposed completely. He can feel continual acute pains coming from this shoulder but he tries to endure them. With a shake of his body, he evades 3 majesties in quick succession then touches Treasure Storing Palace.

“Come in!”

Qin Yu suddenly shouts.

As if he is cleaving a mountain, and also as if he wants to release all of the pains in his shoulder by shouting, his shout resounds through the entire Nine Demons Hall. Concurrently with this, there is a shock wave as that huge Treasure Storing Palace disappears instantly.

The Di brothers, who originally could still see a glimmer of hope, now can only see a large vacant area of land where, just moments ago, their precious Treasure Storing Palace was. Now they finally know that Qin Yu has a spatial ring that can store Treasure Storing Palace.

“Ha-ha, catch me if you can, you 7 little worms.”

Qin Yu’s loud laughter resounds through the Nine Demons Hall. At the same time, he rushes towards the black rock island that the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion have prepared for him on the Flaming Sword at his fastest speed.

“Pursue! Pursue! Pursue!”

An extremely furious Di Long shouts like crazy. The other 6 majesties also turn their faces upwards and roar. The 7 majesties then turn into 7 Purple Demon aquatic dragons which are 100 m long each. With a swing of their tails, they chase after Qin Yu like lightning.

End of b6c16.

End of book 6.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Book 7: Guests from all sides

B7C1: Quarrel

Qin Yu cuts through the water on his flying sword like a golden beam of light, heading straight southwest.

“Azure Dragon Palace, Blue Water Mansion, your calculations are really good, but ...” his eyes flash with smartness, “I’m not so eager to seek protection for myself like you think. Since it has turned out this way, I’ll escalate the situation even more.”

If Qin Yu rides his flying sword at his top speed using the Body-Weapon Unification technique, even Di Long, the fastest among the remaining 7 majesties, will be much slower than him. He will be faster than Di Long by at least 30 to 40 percent.

However, at the moment he is unexpectedly just a bit faster than Di Long.

Of course, Qin Yu is intentionally acting this way.

The 7 furious Purple Demon aquatic dragons are rushing through the water frighteningly fast too. Now Di Long and Di Jian, the 2 most powerful of the Di brothers, can no longer wait for their brothers. They chase after Qin Yu closely ahead of the others.

Directly behind them are Di Yang, Di Xu and Di Nai. These 3 majesties have all reached the middle Dongxu stage so their speeds are about the same as each other. The last 2 Purple Demon aquatic dragons are Di Luan and Di Feng. Being at the early Dongxu stage, these 2 majesties are the weakest.

“These 7 little worms don’t give up indeed. I wonder what expressions Teng Shan and Lou Ke will have when they see the 7 little worms behind me upon my arrival in that black rock island.” With a faint smile on the corners of his mouth, Qin Yu keeps piercing extremely fast through the water.

Behind him, furious roars are heard continuously.

Both Di Tong’s death and the 8th jade sword are related to Qin Yu so how can these 7 brothers possibly let him go? What that has enraged them the most is that Qin Yu has even dared to flee with the entire Treasure Storing Palace, the most important palace of their Nine Demons Hall.

Their dragon eyes are radiating frightening lights. Their ice-cold dragon scales do not experience any water resistance and their sharp claws make undercurrents at the bottom of the ocean roar even fiercerly.

“Ha-ha, catch me if you can, you 7 little worms.”

Qin Yu’s shouts resounds through an area of several hundred li in radius. Hearing them, the Nine Demons Hall’s 7 brothers become even more furious. However, at this moment, Qin Yu’s loud laughter unexpectedly goes straight upwards. In just an instant, he breaks out of the water surface and flies into the sky above the ocean.

When Qin Yu sees the blue sky and white clouds, a pleasant feeling rises in his heart. It has been a long time since he last surfaced.

“Don’t even think about escaping, Qin Yu!”

A rumbling voice is heard.

“Oh, these Purple Demon aquatic dragons can even talk human after switching to their true forms?” Qin Yu is very surprised by this because, to his knowledge, animals’ throats are not suitable for speaking human languages. How can these Purple Demon aquatic dragons still talk human?

Qin Yu does not know at all that the underwater Xiuyao world has a special technique called ventriloquism, which is performed using demonic elemental energy. This technique has no relation to a user’s power level but it is a highly skilled technique, and very few Xiuyaoists have been able to master it.

Splash ~~

In the blink of an eye, waves rise several tens meters and 2 huge Purple Demon aquatic dragons which are as thick as large water tanks and over 100 m long each break out of the water almost simultaneously. The dragons glare at Qin Yu, their wide opened eyes full of rage and killing intent.

Covered in drops of water, the purple dragon scales glitter under the sunlight.

Aquatic dragons coming out of the ocean is really a spectacular sight.

Qin Yu flies straight southwest like a golden meteor. The 7 Purple Demon aquatic dragons chase closely after him nonstop while letting out series after series of furious roars.

After coming out of the ocean, the aquatic dragons have slowed down a little whereas flying in the air is even more suitable for Qin Yu. However, he wants to lead them to that black rock island so he does not try to pull away from them at all.

......

The Jinshan Island is an ordinary island of the overseas Xiuzhen world. This island is not very large, being only 1000 li in both length and width. There is only one school on the island, Jinshan school. It is also because of the Jinshan school that the island is called Jinshan Island.

At the moment, several tens disciples of the Jinshan school are flying over the islands on their flying swords.

“Martial younger brother, you’re riding your flying sword for the 1st time so you must be a bit careful not to fly too high.” A powerful-built man tells a green-clad young man with fine delicate features like those of a girl.

“Yes, martial brother.” The green-clad young man suppresses the excitement in his heart with effort then controls his flying sword to rise.

He staggers from side to side, not daring to fly fast at all, nor daring to fly high. That martial brother watches him on one side and constantly reminds him about the knacks of flying. In just a while, the green-clad young man can already move somewhat more smoothly.

All of a sudden --

Whizz!

A golden meteor shoots past the Jinshan Island through the sky directly above it, causing strong winds that bend the trees on the island.

“Ah!”

Blasted by the strong winds, the green-clad young man immediately utters a frightened cry. His body bends towards one side and is about to fall down. But he reacts very fast and controls his flying sword again right away. He finally manages to restore balance. However, at this moment ...

“Roar roar ~~~”

Dragon roars continuously resound through the sky of the Jinshan Island, making the faces of all of the island’s Xiuzhenists change color greatly. Two over 100 m long Purple Demon aquatic dragons then fly past the island through its airspace, chasing after that golden meteor directly. After a while, 3 other Purple Demon aquatic dragons and then 2 others also flash by the island.

Seeing 7 Purple Demon aquatic dragons fly through their sky in quick succession, all of the Xiuxianists on the Jinshan Island are so scared that they go pale. By now the headmaster of the Jinshan school has come out. He looks at that golden meteor and those 7 Purple Demon aquatic dragons in the distance with his eyes full of horror.

“Headmaster brother, aren’t they ...?” An old man beside him is also shocked.

The headmaster says with a solemn expression: “Yes, they are Purple Demon aquatic dragons. In the underwater Xiuyao world, only the 9 experts of the Nine Demons Hall are Purple Demon aquatic dragons. All of them have reached the Dongxu stage and are very powerful. Perhaps not even Kongming stage experts could do anything to them.”

“7 experts of the Nine Demons Hall have come out to chase that golden meteor together. Who is that fellow Xiuxianist?” The headmaster talks to himself.

The Nine Demons Hall is a powerhouse comparable to the Penglai Immortal Region whereas his Jinshan school’s no. 1 expert has only reached the late Yuanying stage so the Nine Demons Hall is on a totally different level from that of his school. Late Dongxu stage Di Jian and Di Long can definitely match early Kongming stage Xiuxianists in power.

“Stop watching, everybody. Those super experts’ power is already beyond your imagination. All of you should calm down and train hard.”

The Jinshan school’s headmaster shouts to his disciples.

Compared to those kinds of experts, common schools like this Jinshan school basically mean nothing.

......

While flying, Qin Yu has to endure the acute pains in the shoulder whose flesh and most bones were destroyed by Di Nai’s punch. The pains are really piercing but he still has a faint indifferent smile on his face even though the corners of his eyes are slightly trembling.

After flying for more than a half day, Qin Yu eventually sees a black rock island in the distance. Now there are only a few vague scars left on his injured shoulder.

Grim Teng Shan is standing on a submerged rock, his blood-red robe flapping in the wind. As soon as he sees Qin Yu flying towards him like a golden meteor, he gives a faint smile. Standing beside him, Lou Ke also watches Qin Yu coming in the distance.

“Brother Qin Yu.”

Teng Shan says loudly.

“Lord Teng, Lord Lou, I was injured by these 7 little worms. I hope the 2 of you save me.” Qin Yu shouts while holding his injured shoulder. At the same time, he flies in the black rock island and stands behind Teng Shan and Lou Ke.

He then immediately takes out a transmitter: “Fei Fei, I’m on a surface island over 200,000 li to the southwest of the Nine Demons Hall. The island is full of black rocks. Quickly come here.”

“Kaka, I’ll be there very soon!”

After sending a message to Hou Fei, Qin Yu casually waits to see how Teng Shan and Lou Ke are going to handle the 7 furious majesties of the Nine Demons Hall.

Seeing the 7 Purple Demon aquatic dragons arrive in quick succession, Teng Shan and Lou Ke cannot help giving a faint forced smile.

“Stop.” Both of them say at the same time.

Teng Shan represents the Azure Dragon Palace and Lou Ke represents the Blue Water Mansion so after they said that, not even Di Long dares to act as if he did not hear them. After all, in terms of overall power, the Nine Demons Hall is still slightly inferior to the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion.

With a flash of light, the 7 aquatic dragons instantly transform into 7 purple-robed men. The man in the front is none other than Di Long.

“Teng Shan, Lou Ke, what do you mean?” Di Long shouts furiously at Teng Shan and Lou Ke without delay. The faces of his 6 brothers behind him are also full of anger. Now they want to capture Qin Yu at any cost, but Teng Shan and Lou Ke are unexpectedly obstructing them.

Teng Shan gives a cough and says: “There’s no need to be angry, Di Long. There seems to be no bitter feud between Qin Yu and your Nine Demons Hall, right? Di Tong’s death doesn’t necessarily have anything to do with Qin Yu either. So, why don’t you make a little concession to my Azure Dragon Palace by letting Qin Yu go this time, majesty Di Long?”

Lou Ke also says: “Di Long, my Blue Water Mansion ...”

“Shut up!”

Di Long suddenly shouts with fury. His facial muscles are trembling and his eyes are radiating coldness. It is obvious that he is extremely furious: “No feud? What do you know? He already stole even my Nine Demons Hall’s Treasure Storing Palace!”

“Treasure Storing Palace?! What did you say?! It can’t be Treasure Storing Palace!!!” Even Lou Ke’s face changes color.

Regarding the Nine Demons Hall, the only thing it has that the other 4 superpowers of the overseas Xiuzhen world are envious of is this Treasure Storing Palace.

“You must be joking, majesty Di Long. Everybody knows how big that Treasure Storing Palace is. If you say he took it with a spatial ring, as far as I know, the overseas Xiuzhen world seems to have never seen a spatial ring with enough space to contain it. If you say he took it with his hands, you can see he came here empty-handed, let alone the fact that he doesn’t have the required terrifying strength to have done so,” says Teng Shan.

Di Jian says in an ice-cold voice: “If you don’t believe us, you can ask Qin Yu himself if he stole our Nine Demons Hall’s Treasure Storing Palace.”

“Impossible.”

Lou Ke says that this is impossible but he still looks back at Qin Yu. “Just tell me everything, brother Qin Yu. There’s no need to fear the Nine Demons Hall’s slanders. My Blue Water Mansion and the Azure Dragon Palace will support you,” says Lou Ke very heroically.

A faint embarrassed smile appears on Qin Yu’s face.

Teng Shan says in disbelief: “Impossible ... Have you really got a spatial ring that can contain Treasure Storing Palace?”

Di Long, Di Jian and the other 5 Di brothers all look coldly at Qin Yu.

“It’s ... true. I took their Treasure Storing Palace.” Qin Yu eventually admits.

Both Teng Shan and Lou Ke look at him with popping eyes. Some guardians of the Azure Dragon Palace behind Teng Shan and some guardians of the Blue Water Mansion behind Lou Ke all look at him with fright as well.

Snatching the Nine Demons Hall’s Treasure Storing Palace!

This act alone can be called a miracle and is enough to spread Qin Yu’s name throughout the entire overseas Xiuzhen world.

“Di Long!”

Qin Yu suddenly looks at Di Long with a totally furious expression, shouting: “You said I had stolen your Treasure Storing Palace. I admit this. But let me ask you something. You were preparing to have that guardian Terror Jellyfish absorb me and take my memories, right? Do you dare to speak the truth?!”

Di Long frowns but still says firmly: “Yes, I admit this.”

Qin Yu’s facial expression is ice-cold and filled with killing intent: “Humph, you wanted to kill me and even to take my memories. If not for my excellent escaping skill, I would’ve probably been dead by now. I spent almost a year following 3 majesties from the Blood-red Cave to the Nine Demons Hall and on the way I never tried to run away. I was so loyal to you but how did you treat me? You wanted to kill me! Compared to that intention of yours, my stealing Treasure Storing Palace doesn’t mean anything.”

Qin Yu is extremely furious: “Treasure Storing Palace is valuable, but it’s just an external thing. It can’t compare to a life. Since you wanted to kill me, it’s justifiable I took your Treasure Storing Palace, right?”

“Who do you think you are?” Di Long looks disdainfully at Qin Yu. “You’re merely the Blood-red Cave’s master. You should’ve felt greatly honored that I wanted to kill you. But not only weren’t you grateful, you even stole my Treasure Storing Palace. You dug your own grave by doing this.”

Qin Yu looks at Di Long and shakes his head: “Majesty Di Long, at first I thought you could also be considered a hero, but now it looks like you’re just a schmo. Since you’ve got no respect for me at all like that, why should I keep respecting you?”

With eyes that look like stars in a winter night, he gives Di Long a stare, saying: “Di Long, in fact, given my master’s status, it’s a great honor to you that I took your Treasure Storing Palace. But not only didn’t you thank me, you even tried to hunt me down. You also dug your own grave.”

A moment ago Di Long said that Qin Yu should feel honored to be killed by him so now Qin Yu hits back by saying almost the same thing, showing no signs of concession. This makes the 7 majesties so angry that their bodies tremble and their faces turn purple.

“All of you listen. From now on, the Blood-red Cave won’t take orders from the Nine Demons Hall anymore. The Nine Demons Hall is yours and the Blood-red Cave is mine. We no longer have anything to do with each other. If you still try to order me around, I’ll make you pay!”

Qin Yu says with a cold laugh.

Then he looks at Teng Shan and Lou Ke, saying: “Lord Teng Shan, Lord Lou Ke, if the 2 of you fight off these 7 little worms, I’ll not only be grateful to you, I’ll also tell you everything I know about the 8th jade sword and even give you Treasure Storing Palace!”

Teng Shan’s and Lou Ke’s eyes glitter. To them, Treasure Storing Palace is even more attractive than the 8th jade sword.

Qin Yu immediately looks at the 7 aquatic dragons and says indignantly: “Anyone needs respect. I can give up Treasure Storing Palace, but I won’t tolerate this disrespect. You 7 little worms listen, from here on in, I, Qin Yu, shall really oppose you!”

After hearing Qin Yu’s torrent of words, Di Long is boiling with killing intent. The 7 majesties all want to tear Qin Yu to pieces right away.

“Qin Yu, prepare to die!” Di Long wants to get into action first.

Teng Shan and Lou Ke exchange a look. They both have made their decisions. Teng Shan says immediately: “Stop, majesty Di Long!” Hearing his voice, Qin Yu gives a faint smile.

End of b7c1.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C2: Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation

With his eyes blazing with killing intent, Di Long looks angrily at Teng Shan and Lou Ke.

“Teng Shan, Lou Ke, could it be you 2 want to stop us 7 brothers from killing this little thief?” Behind him, his 6 brothers are also looking at Teng Shan and Lou Ke angrily. It appears they will spring into action as soon as they hear a provocative word.

Lou Ke, however, reaches out his hand and says: “Majesty Di Long, last time my Grand Founder competed with Overlord Azure Dragon for the 7th jade sword. Eventually he lost and the sword was taken by Overlord Azure Dragon. Now the Azure Dragon Palace got 2 jade swords while my Blue Water Mansion got only one.”

“One is still not enough?”

Of course Di Long only said so to himself in his mind. After all, he and his brothers are not confident that they can face someone so powerful like Old Freak Three-Eyed head on.

“My Grand Founder has always been upset about this. This time, after receiving some information about the 8th jade sword, he gave me a strict order to gather all of the available information about it at any cost. And Qin Yu knows the information about the 8th jade sword ...”

When Lou Ke talks to this point, the 7 Di brothers certainly understand his meaning.

Di Long says with a cold laugh: “You want the information about the 8th jade sword? Then let’s make Qin Yu reveal it right now, okay?”

“Di Long,” Qin Yu looks at Di Long, “why would I reveal it now as you want me to? Just who do you think you are? Humph.” He utters a cold humph and continues: “I already said, if you 7 little worms are fought off, I’m going to reveal the information about the 8th jade sword. Otherwise, I’d rather die than say anything.”

“You should’ve heard that, shouldn’t you, majesty Di Long. This Qin Yu fella is very stubborn. And my Grand Founder already gave a strict order ...” Lou Ke looks at Di Long.

The latter’s eyes glitter with coldness but he says nothing.

“What are you going to do if I really kill Qin Yu?” Di Long looks at Lou Ke. It seems he does not care about what Lou Ke said at all.

“What am I going to do?”

Lou Ke bursts out laughing: “I’m no match for you, majesty Di Long, so I won’t be able to do anything. But my Grand Founder won’t be happy about this. Once he is unhappy, then ...”

Di Long and his brothers can notice the intimidation in Lou Ke’s words. The 6 Di brothers behind Di Long all glare angrily at Lou Ke, but Lou Ke just smiles calmly.

“You’re threatening me?!” Di Long looks at Lou Ke.

The latter folds his arms before his chest and says to the guardians behind him: “My guardians, 7 majesties have come here today so we’re no match for them. We basically can’t prevent them from doing whatever they want either.”

Those guardians nod their heads.

“Majesties, if the 7 of you kill Qin Yu, my Grand Founder will get angry. At that time, not even I will be able to help you even if I want.”

After saying so, Lou Ke shouts to his subordinates: “Let’s step aside so that we won’t block the 7 majesties’ way.”

“Yes sir!”

Lou Ke then leads the guardians under him flying to a height of several hundred meters above the black rock island.

“Majesty Di Long, my overlord also gave me an order to obtain the 8th jade sword at any cost. But if you want to kill Qin Yu, I certainly won’t be able to stop you.” Teng Shan appears to be very polite as well. “You have to be sure of yourself to have made this decision, don’t you, majesty Di Long? However, you must already know, once my overlord gets angry, an azure dragon like him can turn the world upside down.”

“Let’s step aside, guardians. We won’t obstruct the 7 majesties either.”

“Yes!”

His guardians all take the order respectfully. Afterwards, Teng Shan leads the guardians flying up to one side of Lou Ke. The 2 of them and the guardians behind them then stand in midair watching the 7 majesties.

......

In just a while, there are only the Nine Demons Hall’s 7 majesties and Qin Yu remaining on the black rock island.

Di Long’s facial muscles are twitching and his eyes are flashing with coldness. Obviously he is being faced with an agonizing choice in his mind.

Teng Shan and Lou Ke hold very high positions in the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion. They can even be considered representatives of Overlord Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed. After being threatened by both of them, Di Long has become hesitant!

“Big brother, it’s useless to think much. Let’s kill Qin Yu immediately.” Di Jian’s ice-cold voice rises.

Di Long’s eyes brighten. He then says angrily: “Qin Yu stole my Nine Demons Hall’s Treasure Storing Palace. I can’t ignore such a serious offense even if Overlord Azure Dragon and Grand Founder Three-Eyed personally come here. Brothers, let’s stop worrying about the other things and kill Qin Yu right now.”

“Yes!”

His 6 brothers, Di Xu, Di Yang, Di Jian, Di Feng, Di Luan and Di Nai, all say in agreement with him. Their voices resound through the sky.

At first Di Long still wanted to get information about the 8th jade sword and the cause of Di Tong’s death from Qin Yu, but now he has become so furious that he has given the order to kill Qin Yu on the spot immediately.

......

Both Teng Shan and Lou Ke frown and take out their transmitters.

“Overlord, that Qin Yu fella unexpectedly stole the Nine Demons Hall’s Treasure Storing Palace so now the Nine Demons Hall is determined to kill him.” Teng Shan only gives Overlord Azure Dragon a rough report of the situation. As for how his overlord will react, this is none of his business.

Lou Ke also does the same by sending a message through his transmitter to Old Freak Three-Eyed.

“Let’s enjoy this play, Lou Ke. That Qin Yu fella unexpectedly used a spatial ring that can contain Treasure Storing Palace. I think he’s no ordinary.” Standing in midair, Teng Shan watches the 7 majesties and Qin Yu in the distance on the black rock island.

Lou Ke also looks on calmly.

“Teng Shan, I think even if the 7 majesties get into action at the same time, they won’t necessarily catch Qin Yu with ease.” Lou Ke still remembers that the 7 majesties were never able to catch up with Qin Yu while chasing him to this place. It is clear that Qin Yu is extremely fast.

“It’s started.”

Teng Shan’s eyes brighten. He focuses his entire attention on the battlefield.

......

“Kill!”

Di Long lets out a shout. The 7 Di brothers immediately turn into 7 blurs and charge at Qin Yu.

“You’re really slow!”

Now Qin Yu no longer pretends to be injured. Facing the Di brothers’ powerful attacks, with a movement of his feet, he goes forwards instead of retreating. Like a ghost, he rushes towards Di Long, the most powerful on the battlefield.

The initial distance between Di Long and Qin Yu is very short so they are already facing each other within their reach in just a moment.

Pu!

Di Long quickly throws a punch, which pierces straight into Qin Yu’s chest. Di Long cannot help feeling delighted, but he discovers in an instant that this ‘Qin Yu’ in front of him unexpectedly does not bleed at all and is gradually vanishing away.

It is Qin Yu’s afterimage.

“3rd brother, don’t meet his fists with yours.” Di Nai tells Di Yang through holy sense communication.

But at just about the same time --

Bang!

Qin Yu’s and Di Yang’s fists clash head-on with each other. Qin Yu’s body is as strong as that of a divine beast and he is wearing the Flaming Gloves so Di Yang naturally cannot withstand his punch. A crisp clack noise is heard and Di Yang immediately flies backwards with an injured right hand.

“Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” Di Yang says to Di Nai through his holy sense.

“I can’t be blamed for this.” Di Nai is also very frustrated.

Qin Yu’s body turns into a golden beam of light. Even though he is using only 80 percent of his maximum speed, he is already somewhat faster than Di Long. After all, the 7 Di brothers are not using their true forms.

“Ganging up on me? This is what I’m unafraid of the most.”

Qin Yu is not worried at all, and rightly so. Someone so good at using speed like him basically does not mind getting attacked by multiple opponents. Even if the enemies greatly outnumber him, they will not be able to surround him and practically he will only have to fight one enemy at a time.

“2 early Dongxu stage fellas, I’m going to make them regret this.”

Qin Yu keeps dodging between the 7 Di brothers like a ghost. The Di brothers simply cannot stop him. After quite a while, they still have not been able to cause him even a scratch.

“Ha-ha, if I want to run away, you’ll never catch me with these slow speeds of yours.” Qin Yu laughs out loud.

The 7 Di brothers’ expressions look somewhat unpleasant. But they cannot help but admit that Qin Yu’s speed is indeed too fast. If he really wants to flee, they simply will not be able to stop him.

“Big brother, this bloke is too fast. It’s pretty bad for us.” Di Yang says via his holy sense.

Di Xu also uses holy sense communication: “Big brother, his fast speed is still a small matter. But if he runs away and we can’t stop him, word will spread that ... this time our Nine Demons Hall failed to capture the enemy despite coming out in full force and even had Treasure Storing Palace taken away.”

“Big brother, it’s time we decided what to do.” Di Nai says through his holy sense as well.

At the moment, as the big brother, Di Long should be the decision maker.

“Prepare to surround Qin Yu with the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation. We’ll then catch him like a turtle in a jar. Now 2nd brother is already dead so, Di Luan, Di Feng, the 2 of you will join forces to prepare the Water gate, the one with the most simple formation base.” Di Long immediately tells his brothers through holy sense communication.

“I’ll hold the Life gate. Di Jian, you’ll hold the Death gate.”

“All right,” says Di Jian in agreement.

The Life and Death gates are the most powerful gates so they must be assigned to someone extremely powerful. Therefore, Di Long and Di Jian are going to be in charge of these 2 gates.

“Di Xu, you’ll hold the Sky gate. Di Yang, you’ll hold the Ground gate. Di Nai, you’ll hold the Fire gate.”

Di Yang, Di Xu and Di Nai all take the order using their holy senses.

“Di Luan, Di Feng, you 2 should have already known the method for setting up the Water gate, right? Pity 2nd brother is dead, so I can only rely on you.” Now Di Long has no other choices either.

Originally, among the Nine Demons Hall’s 9 brothers, Di Long and Di Jian were at the late Dongxu stage, 5 were at the middle Dongxu stage and only two were at the early Dongxu stage. But now, because Di Tong and Di Qing are already dead, they can only let Di Luan and Di Feng take part in setting up the formation.

“Don’t worry, big brother, we won’t disappoint you ... Ah!”

When Di Luan has just taken the order via his holy sense, a golden light beam shoots at him. It is none other than Qin Yu.

“An early Dongxu fella like you dares to hunt me down?” Qin Yu’s voice rises in Di Luan’s mind through holy sense communication. At the same time, he throws a punch at Di Luan. This punch is so fast that Di Luan simply cannot dodge it and has no choice but to raise his arms to take it head-on.

A sound of bones getting shattered is heard. Di Luan then makes use of the impact force to retreat.

“Die.”

Qin Yu closes in on him again and smashes another punch towards his head. Obviously he wants to kill him right away.

Whizz!

A flying sword thrusts at him.

A flying sword’s direction can be changed at will so even Qin Yu does not dare to let this sword pierce into his body. He immediately forms a claw with his hand and stops the sword with a grab. But an extremely powerful amount of energy unexpectedly bursts out from the flying sword, shaking his hand off.

Paying absolutely no attention to this, Qin Yu looks at Di Long, who has just sneakily attacked him, saying: “Di Long, these 2 early Dongxu little worms must have a death wish to be trying to catch me.”

At the moment, Di Long is also frowning. He has obviously noticed that, facing Qin Yu, Di Luan and Di Feng seem to be unable to put up any resistance. If they stay here, they will be almost useless, and because Qin Yu is so fast, they may get killed by Qin Yu.

“7th brother, you and 5th brother leave here first.”

Di Long shouts. However, concurrently with this, he says via holy sense communication: “7th brother, 5th brother, you go more than 100 li to the north of this black rock island and prepare to begin setting up the formation.”

“Di Yang, you get ready to ...”

After Di Long gives his orders, all the other majesties are ready.

“The Nine Demons Hall is called one of the 3 underwater superpowers, but I don’t see anything special about you.” Qin Yu says with loud laughter. At the same time, he unexpectedly accelerates a little. His body keeps flashing back and forth between various places like a golden beam of light and his 2 hands are his weapons.

Because he is wearing the Flaming Gloves, his hands can collide with top-grade holy weapons squarely.

Qin Yu can perform various kinds of attacks with his hands such as finger swords, knife hands, punches, and so on.

“Ha!”

Qin Yu suddenly appears in front of Di Xu and throws a fierce palm strike down towards Di Xu’s head using his right hand. When Qin Yu smashes a palm strike down with his right hand, he can even break a high-grade holy weapon into pieces, not to mention Di Xu’s head.

A cudgel appears in Di Xu’s hands.

Bang!

Qin Yu’s palm strike, which carries an enormous force because he is descending from the sky, hits the cudgel. Nothing happens to the cudgel, but Qin Yu’s terrifying force passes through it to reach Di Xu’s hands.

Di Xu basically cannot resist such a frighteningly powerful force and his body is sent smashing down onto the ground by Qin Yu’s palm strike like a meteorite.

“Ha-ha, next please!”

Qin Yu’s loud laughs resound through the battlefield. In the blink of an eye, he has already arrived at another place. He basically does not confront Di Jian or Di Long and is only willing to fight Di Yang, Di Xu and Di Nai one at a time.

......

When Di Nai is approached extremely fast from behind by Qin Yu, he unexpectedly ignores Qin Yu and focuses his entire attention on his own hands. Even his eyes are focused on his hands. In an instant, his essence, his energy and his mind are focused completely on his hands.

When essence, energy and mind are combined, they become the 3 internal harmonies.

When the hands, the eyes, and the body are coordinated, they become the 3 external harmonies.

The 3 internal harmonies and the 3 external ones are called the 6 harmonies.

“Fire!”

Di Nai sudden lets out a shout. Immediately, his essence, energy and mind rise to their peaks while his stance and movements reach perfection. At the same time, a dragon-shaped flame flies out from his body. Almost concurrently with this --

“Life!”

“Death!”

“Sky!”

“Ground!”

“Water!”

5 other shouts are heard and 5 other streams of energy soar into the sky nearly simultaneously. The 6 dragon-shaped streams of energy have different colors. When Qin Yu hits Di Nai’s body with a punch, he is immediately repelled by that stream of energy.

The 6 gates, Qian, Kun, Life, Death, Water, and Fire, have been set up. The Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation has been completed!

In an instant, the several hundred li radius area within the formation is totally isolated from the outside.

End of b7c2.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C3: Hou Fei’s entrance

Various energy streams of different colors intertwine with each other and surround an area of several hundred li in radius. This formation’s area of effect is huge to mortals but it is just like a small training ground to experts of Qin Yu’s and Di Long’s caliber.

“Formation?”

When Qin Yu sees the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation before him, a chapter on formations in a Xiuzhen book he read previously springs to his mind.

“It’s the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation. This is a bit troublesome.” Qin Yu talks to himself. At the same time, he flies straight up into the sky. The Flaming Sword suddenly appears in his hand and he thrusts it directly at that barrier of light.

As if Qin Yu has hit a very slippery and tough cloth, his sword unexpectedly just slides along the surface of that energy barrier.

“It’s indeed the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation.” Now he is totally sure.

The Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation belongs to the besieging type of formation and not to the others such as the illusive type and so on. But this formation blocks off every direction. In the formation, it is not possible to fly out through the sky, nor is it possible to go out through the ground. Qin Yu, therefore, can only move within its area of effect.

“Qin Yu, isn’t your speed very fast?” Di Long’s voice resounds through the whole formation. At the moment Di Long is standing in midair within the formation looking at Qin Yu like a cat playing with a rat. The other majesties are standing behind him.

The 7 Di brothers look down at Qin Yu as if they have got everything in the palms of their hands.

“Ha-ha ~~~” Di Long suddenly bursts into loud laughter with a savage facial expression. He then looks at Qin Yu angrily: “Qin Yu, now you can’t fly into the sky or go into the ground. I want to see how you are going to escape.”

“Let’s roll, brothers!”

Di Long shouts loudly. The majesties all dive down at once and charge at Qin Yu, except for Di Luan, who comes out of the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation because his arms are badly injured.

“I’ll leave everything to you, brothers.”

Di Luan’s heart is full of hatred. He wants an opportunity to torment Qin Yu very much too, but after the bones in his arms were broken by Qin Yu’s heavy punch, his offense has been greatly reduced. He knows his own power and therefore he has exited the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation without delay.

This formation is really fantastic because the ones who set it up can easily come into and get out of it whereas anybody else cannot.

“Don’t worry, 7th brother. Just leave everything to us.”

The other 6 majesties promise him almost simultaneously. All of them are charging at Qin Yu while boiling with killing intent. This formation’s area of effect is only several hundred li in radius. The 6 majesties keep moving back and forth extremely fast attacking Qin Yu nonstop.

Now Qin Yu uses his body-maneuvering skill to the fullest. He does not dare to face Di Jian or Di Long head-on and can only sneakily attack them a little, but he dares to fight the other majesties directly.

“Ha-ha ...”

Qin Yu suddenly appears right in front of Di Feng, which terrifies Di Feng.

He throws a punch, immediately causing a sonic boom. The Flaming Gloves fit his fingers perfectly. Qin Yu’s fist pierces through the air, coming at Di Feng’s face with a frightening force.

A world-shaking punch!

Even though Di Feng is terrified, he still understands that, at this moment, if he tries to dodge, he will have absolutely no chance of surviving.

He has to go all out!

With reddening eyes, Di Feng immediately makes a block using his 2 arms. At the same time, his purple armor totally appears on the surface of his body. His powerful protective demonic elemental energy is also moving continuously around his body. That world-shaking punch by Qin Yu then smashes into Di Feng’s arms.

A series of noises of bones getting shattered is heard. Di Feng’s arms are unexpectedly broken into pieces and their bones are smashed. Flesh fragments and blood are scattered around.

“5th brother!”

Di Long shouts loudly. However, because Qin Yu is too fast, it is simply impossible for the other Di brothers to save Di Feng, whose eyes suddenly flash with a hint of madness. When his arms are smashed, he makes use of the force of Qin Yu’s punch to back away very quickly.

His retreating speed is fast but Qin Yu’s fist is even faster.

Bang!

After destroying Di Feng’s arms, Qin Yu’s punch proceeds to smash into Di Feng’s chest with a bang.

Di Feng now retreats even faster than he did just now. In only a moment, the other 5 majesties, Di Jian, Di Long, Di Yang, Di Xu and Di Nai, charge at Qin Yu almost simultaneously. Facing these 5 furious brothers, Qin Yu has no choice but to fly backwards.

“5th brother.”

Di Long helps Di Feng get up, his face full of nervousness.

Di Feng clenches his teeth, saying: “I’m okay, big brother. It’s just that my arms have been destroyed. Later I can only rely on my legs and holy weapon to attack. This Qin Yu bloke’s punch was formidable but my arms neutralized part of its offensive force and I was backing away and wearing the purple armor so my body wasn’t seriously injured.”

His arms have been destroyed but at the moment Di Feng does not care about this in the least.

“Big brother, you have to avenge 8th brother’s death, and take revenge for my destroyed arms as well. You must kill Qin Yu. I’m getting out of the formation first.” After saying so, Di Feng immediately flies out of the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation, not dejected at all.

However, because of the destruction of his arms, his heart is filled with hatred for Qin Yu.

Now Di Long detests Qin Yu even more.

The 5 Di brothers in the formation surround and attack Qin Yu but Qin Yu does not mind this and keeps evading them.

“Di Long.”

While dodging, Qin Yu says: “You already knew those 2 early Dongxu little worms are basically no match for me. That Di Luan fella is smart so he left right from the beginning. But Di Feng didn’t. He must’ve had a death wish! As their big brother, you’re also a silly worm.”

Di Long’s rage rises to the sky.

Right after successfully setting up the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation, the Di brothers all considered Qin Yu a turtle in a jar and wanted to kill him quickly. Di Luan had to exit the formation only because he had been seriously injured by Qin Yu before.

Boiling with rage, the majesties simply did not remember that even though Qin Yu had been confined in the formation, he was not so easy for them to kill either.

“Kill!”

Di Long, who is so furious that his eyes have reddened, growls through his teeth then charges at Qin Yu. The other 4 majesties also execute their techniques to attack Qin Yu. Their holy weapons, long-distance attacks and close-quarters attacks can be seen everywhere within the formation.

Outside the black rock island, Teng Shan and Lou Ke are standing side by side. Their guardians are standing in midair silently behind them.

All of them are watching Qin Yu single-handedly taking on 5 majesties in the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation. Qin Yu is moving very fast like a golden beam of light, but the 5 majesties have wised up and the 3 middle Dongxu stage majesties are now working together as a team.

Di Long is one prong of the attack, Di Jian is another prong and the other 3, Di Xu, Di Yang and Di Nai, form yet another prong. Qin Yu cannot resist any of the 3 prongs of their attack.

“Lou Ke, you’re very smart, aren’t you? How long do you think Qin Yu can hang on for?” Teng Shan asks smilingly. At the moment he basically does not think that Qin Yu will be able to escape alive.

Even though Qin Yu is extremely fast, to move so fast nonstop, he has to consume quite a lot of stellar energy.

“How long? If those 5 majesties of the Nine Demons Hall keep chasing him so foolishly, I think perhaps they won’t be able to catch or kill Qin Yu.” Lou Ke looks very confident.

Teng Shan, however, does not agree with him.

“Lou Ke, could it be you don’t know this Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation? It completely isolates everything inside it from the outside. Not even the holy energy in nature can go into this formation. That Qin Yu fella is fast but he must be using a lot of energy to be fighting so fiercely. After some time, when all of the holy energy within the formation has been absorbed, they’ll have no choice but to use the energy inside their bodies.”

Teng Shan says very confidently: “If they use their internal energy, Qin Yu will probably run out of energy within 3 days, but how about the 5 majesties? Firstly, they got pills so they can take pills to replenish their demonic elemental energy. And secondly, they set up the formation so they can come out to recover whereas Qin Yu can’t. Though they have always been unable to catch Qin Yu, in the end Qin Yu will be captured when his energy is used up.”

“Wrong.”

Lou Ke says smilingly.

Teng Shan says with a frown: “Why? I can’t see how Qin Yu can escape alive.”

Lou Ke laughs out loud: “Has your mind become rigid, Teng Shan? Yes, in a normal situation, Qin Yu would be dead. But don’t forget that both my Grand Founder and your overlord are rushing to this place. 3 days? My Grand Founder already made preparations long ago. Perhaps he’ll arrive in less than a day ...”

“Ha-ha, I got it.”

Teng Shan suddenly understands: “Once my Overlord Azure Dragon and your Grand Founder Three-Eyed come here, if Qin Yu is still living, his life will no longer be decided by those Nine Demons Hall’s majesties. This Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation’s defense is formidable and to break it your offense must be stronger than the combined defense of the 6 who set it up. But if my overlord wants to break the formation, this’ll be a piece of cake.”

Qin Yu is the key to the 8th jade sword and Treasure Storing Palace.

Once Overlord Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed have rushed to this place, how can they possibly let him get killed by those 5 majesties? They will definitely break the formation and seize Qin Yu directly.

Qin Yu is faster than Di Long and Di Jian, but he is still fairly slower than a divine beast azure dragon at the early Kongming stage and a divine beast Three-Blue-Eyed toad at the late Dongxu stage.

Even though that Three-Blue-Eyed toad has only reached the late Dongxu stage, he is a divine beast. If he really goes mad and is willing to risk serious injuries, he can single-handedly defeat the Nine Demons Hall’s brothers. Yes, he will defeat them rather than be merely a match for them. Three-Blue-Eyed toads are really no ordinary divine beasts.

That 3rd eye has terrifyingly strong offense. Azure Dragon has reached the early Kongming stage but he still does not dare to block the attack of the toad’s 3rd eye head-on. It is because of this that Overlord Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed are considered experts of the same tier by everybody.

Azure Dragon is a divine beast and has reached the early Kongming stage so he can absolutely rival Dujie stage Xiuxianists in power.

The overseas Xiuzhen world has no Dujie stage Xiuxianists so it is normal that Azure Dragon is called the no. 1 expert here.

“That Qin Yu fella is pretty strong, but ... he’s still ineligible to compete with the 3 superpowers. He lacks power but he has obtained Treasure Storing Palace and even knows information about the 8th jade sword. Oh, he also got a spatial ring that can contain Treasure Storing Palace. These are enough to cost him his life.” Teng Shan says with a sigh.

Lou Ke nods his head.

The owner of a treasure should also have enough power to deter potential robbers. Otherwise, the treasure will only cause the owner to be robbed by strong individuals.

Given his power, Qin Yu can be regarded as an expert in the overseas Xiuzhen world, but he is not even a match for Di Jian or Di Long of the Nine Demons Hall and is only a bit stronger than Di Yang, Di Xu and Di Nai, let alone Overlord Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed. Therefore, naturally he has been and will be bullied by the superpowers.

For example, when he demanded to know why Di Long had wanted to kill him, Di Long answered that he should feel grateful to be killed by Di Long!

The Xiuzhen world is a survival-of-the-fittest world. Di Long’s reply was provocative and arrogant, but it also reflects some rules of the Xiuzhen world.

Take, for example, Teng Shan. Even though he is not a super expert and the Nine Demons Hall’s brothers think that he killed Di Qing, they have only reproached the Azure Dragon Palace and do not dare to kill him before getting permission from the Azure Dragon Palace’s overlord.

The reason for this is that Teng Shan is backed by the overseas Xiuzhen world’s no. 1 expert, Overlord Azure Dragon!

If they were to kill Teng Shan, Overlord Azure Dragon would probably be enraged and destroy the Nine Demons Hall directly.

When Lou Ke and Teng Shan are chatting with each other, suddenly --

“Illusion Spreading Sword Art -- Dawn Breaking!”

Qin Yu’s loud shouts echo nonstop. At this moment, a sword shape dazzling like the sun is already piercing through the air, shooting at Di Yang.

Di Yang hurriedly controls his sword to defend. Di Xu and Di Nai beside him also help him defend.

However, after this Dawn Breaking move is executed, the 3 of them can only feel as if there is a dazzling sun before their eyes. At the same time, that sword shape is also vague and impossible for them to lock onto. They basically cannot find out exactly where the sword shape is aiming for.

Di Yang, Di Xu and Di Nai cannot help getting nervous.

“Protect your vital points!”

Di Long immediately tells these 3 brothers of his through holy sense communication.

Di Yang, Di Xu and Di Nai come to their senses at once. No matter how evasive Qin Yu’s sword art is, its purpose is to injure his opponents, which requires it to hit the opponents’ bodies. Therefore, the 3 of them will be all right as long as they protect their vital points.

Under the dazzling sunlight, it seems that extremely fast incoming sword shape sometimes moves up 20 to 30 cm, sometimes moves down 20 to 30 cm, sometimes moves left 20 to 30 cm and sometimes moves right 20 to 30 cm.

There is only one sword but it looks as if there are several swords.

Bang!

Qin Yu’s sword strike hits Di Xu’s long stick. Di Yang, Di Xu and Di Nai are frightened when they think about what has just happened.

“Be careful, everybody. Don’t be reckless. This Qin Yu fella is good at using Xiuxianists’ flying sword arts.” Di Long hurriedly warns his brothers.

However Qin Yu starts dodging nonstop again. He will not easily attack once more. That sword strike just now is a formidable move of the Illusion Spreading Sword Art and it also uses a great amount of energy. Qin Yu, therefore, immediately absorbs natural holy energy to replenish his own energy.

“Fei Fei, when will you arrive?” He asks, holding a transmitter in his hand.

“Soon, big brother, just wait for a while.” Hou Fei is also rushing to this island.

When Qin Yu is absorbing the holy energy in nature, he suddenly notices that ... its density is shockingly low.

“What’s going on?” Qin Yu expands his holy sense and is amazed to discover that the holy energy outside the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation cannot go inside because it is blocked by the formation. Moreover, the 5 majesties are also absorbing holy energy as fast as they can. Obviously they want to quickly exhaust the holy energy within the formation’s barrier.

Qin Yu immediately has a bad feeling.

Judging by the fact that Di Feng and Di Luan came out easily, he knows that those who set up the formation can leave with no difficulties, which also means that the enemies can come out to recharge their energy whereas he cannot. There are still the yuanyings of some Blood-red Cave guardians left in his spatial ring, but refining a yuanying is not as simple as absorbing natural holy energy.

“I’ve come, big brother!”

Hou Fei suddenly sends a message to Qin Yu. In just a short time --

A rumbling is heard. A monkey then appears in front of Di Feng. At the same time, he swings a black stick at Di Feng with a tremendous force. Because the stick cuts through the air so fast, there is not even a sonic boom.

Di Feng looks at that black stick, which arrives at his face in an instant, with popping eyes. He simply has no time to react.

Boom!

It smashes down on his head. Di Feng’s head is immediately shattered. The black stick’s terrifying force even breaks Di Feng’s body and bones into pieces. His blood and flesh fragments are scattered all over the air. Not far from Di Feng, Di Luan has been scared stiff.

The 5 majesties in the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation also watch this scene in stupefaction.

Teng Shan, Lou Ke and the guardians behind them are all startled. For the moment, their minds still have not reacted to this. Even Qin Yu in the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation is scared stiff by the performance Hou Fei put in upon making his entrance.

End of b7c3.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C4: Overlord Azure Dragon

Everybody at the scene, including the Nine Demons Hall’s majesties, Teng Shan and Lou Ke, never thought that someone would suddenly appear and mercilessly kill one of the majesties with a stick strike.

“Still want to run?!”

Hou Fei forms a claw with his hand and immediately catches a yuanying, which shouts miserably right away: “Quickly save me, brothers.”

This yuanying is none other than Di Feng’s yuanying. Di Feng’s head was smashed by Hou Fei’s stick from the beginning, but the moment this happened, he immediately combined his soul with his yuanying and wanted to run away. Once he had flown to the side of his brothers, his life would be saved.

After all, even though he would have to practice as a loose demon, this would still be better than losing his life. Di Feng does not want to die yet.

“Stop.” Di Long shouts loudly and gets ready to rush out of the formation at the same time.

Holding Di Feng’s yuanying firmly in his hand, Hou Fei shouts at once: “Stop. Stop there for me. If you take one more step, I’m going to destroy his soul immediately. The other guys also stop for me. If you move, humph, humph ...” Hou Fei’s hand begins to brighten with various streams of demonic elemental energy.

Seeing the demonic elemental energy on his hand and the small yuanying being wrapped in the energy, Di Long and the other 4 majesties in the formation no longer dare to move even a step despite being very anxious. After all, Di Feng’s life is currently in Hou Fei’s hands.

Di Luan, who is not far from Hou Fei, is even more afraid of making a move. Given how easily Hou Fei demolished Di Feng and that his power is about the same as Di Feng’s, it will definitely not difficult for Hou Fei to kill him.

“Don’t be impulsive. You should know that you have just attacked one of the Nine Demons Hall’s majesties. If you let my 5th brother go, I’ll ignore what happened just now. What do you think, monkey brother?” Di Long hurriedly says.

Now is not the time for him and his brothers to avenge Di Feng. It will already be not bad if they can save Di Feng’s yuanying.

“Hou Fei. He’s the Blood-red Cave’s 2nd master Hou Fei!”

Di Luan says at once. When he, Di Jian and Di Qing came to the Blood-red Cave before, he already saw Hou Fei, but at that time Qin Yu lied about Hou Fei’s true power to make him overlook Hou Fei. Who could have thought Hou Fei would be so formidable?

“The Blood-red Cave’s 2nd master?”

Di Long, Di Jian and the other majesties are astonished. At the same time, they secretly have a bad feeling. Moments ago they were trying to kill Qin Yu, but now their brother’s life has fallen into the hands of the enemy’s brother. This is really terrible.

“I never thought this Qin Yu fella was so tough. Not only is he pretty strong, even his brother is so formidable.”

Lou Ke praises smilingly.

Teng Shan, who is also looking on, nods with a smile.

“At first I thought it would be a one-sided game, but now looks like it’s getting more and more interesting. However, once my overlord and your boss come, this play won’t be suspenseful anymore.” Teng Shan says smilingly. “Now let’s enjoy the excellent show of brother Qin Yu and the Nine Demons Hall’s brothers.”

Whatever is going on does not affect them so Lou Ke, Teng Shan and their subordinates will simply keep looking on.

Qin Yu gives Hou Fei a thumb up from inside the formation.

“Fei Fei, you did pretty well.” He says laughingly at once.

Hou Fei is very pleased with himself. Still holding Di Feng’s yuanying in his furry large hand, he casts a glance at Di Long and the other Di brothers: “All of you listen up. Remove that formation right now and let my big brother come out, or else don’t blame me ...”

After saying so, he intensifies the demonic elemental energy on his hand. However, he knows exactly when to stop so his energy only surrounds the yuanying and does not harm Di Feng’s soul at all.

“Stop, you have to chill first.”

Di Long shouts. Now he wants to calm Hou Fei down first as what he worries about the most is that Hou Fei will kill his brother out of anger.

“Big brother, could you really want to release Qin Yu?” Di Yang and the others look at Di Long with unwillingness.

Di Long’s mind is also very tense. Even though nobody knows clearly who killed his 8th brother Di Tong yet, they can be sure of one thing -- Di Tong’s death is linked to Qin Yu. Moreover, Qin Yu stole their Treasure Storing Palace.

“Not release? Then what’s going to happen to 5th brother?”

Di Long says with a cold humph. His words are filled with frustration.

“Someone living is more important than someone dead. 8th brother is already dead. We can’t let any accidents happen to 5th brother.” Di Long sighs. Di Jian and the other 3 brothers also sigh in frustration. After all, they cannot just watch Di Feng die.

Di Long gives Qin Yu a look. Qin Yu, however, looks at Di Long with an indifferent smile, appearing very relaxed.

“Hou Fei, we can release your big brother, but there’s still a condition. Your big brother Qin Yu stole our Nine Demons Hall’s Treasure Storing Palace. As long as your big brother returns it to us, we’ll let him go immediately!”

Di Long is trying as hard as he can to make the best out of this hopeless situation.

He is not willing to release Qin Yu just like that. At least he wants to get Treasure Storing Palace back first.

Before Qin Yu can say anything, Hou Fei roars: “Damn you. Still try to set some bullshit condition to me? Big brother, I really admire you for stealing even that Treasure Storing Palace. Ha-ha, since it’s called Treasure Storing Palace, there must be lots of treasures inside, right?”

Seeing Hou Fei behaving this way, Qin Yu cannot help giving a smile.

Hou Fei looks at Di Long and his brothers again and shouts: “Answer in one sentence, release or not release? If you don’t release him, I’m going to kill this brat right away. And don’t mention any conditions to me. If you do, I’m going to -- kill!”

The faces of the Di brothers freeze but there is nothing else they can do.

Under this situation, they have no choice but to release Qin Yu first. However, at this moment --

“Take care, brothers!”

A voice rises in the other Di brothers’ minds through holy sense communication. It is none other than Di Feng’s. Their faces immediately change color. Hearing Di Feng’s words, they know the choice Di Feng has made.

“You want to die?!”

Hou Fei’s eyes flash with a red light. A stream of demonic elemental energy instantly pierces into the yuanying and destroys the soul.

Other people may not know, but Qin Yu knows that Hou Fei is in fact very careful despite his seemingly careless behavior. He has been watching out for Di Feng’s self-destruction since catching the yuanying and has always been ready to have his demonic elemental energy penetrate the yuanying and destroy the soul.

It should be known that to self-destruct, the yuanying’s energy must be excited, which takes some time.

When Hou Fei felt that the yuanying was starting to get excited, he destroyed Di Feng’s soul without delay. Once the soul was destroyed, the yuanying became no more than an energy crystal. The yuanying then disappears like a flash. Obviously Hou Fei has put it away.

“5th brother!”

Di Long and the other Di brothers all cry in agony. At the same time, extremely furious, they immediately rush out of the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation, wanting to kill Hou Fei on the spot to avenge their 5th brother’s death.

“Don’t mess with me!”

After destroying Di Feng’s soul, Hou Fei roars like crazy. With a movement of his body, he arrives at Di Luan’s face instantly as if using teleportation. A furious shout is heard and a black stick suddenly smashes down violently as if coming out of thin air.

Too fast!

Di Luan finally understands Di Feng’s feeling at that time. Facing this kind of speed, he can only think a bit in his mind and simply has no time to make a block with his limbs.

“Stop!”

The 5 who have just rushed out from the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation, Di Long, Di Jian, Di Yang, Di Xu and Di Nai, are all terrified. However, Hou Fei has been enraged by Di Feng’s intention of self-destructing. Qin Yu also knows that Hou Fei is ill-tempered, very ill-tempered.

An irate Hou Fei is simply terrifying.

“Ah!”

Hou Fei lets out a sharp cry. His expression is ferocious and full of obstinacy and unruliness. Afterwards, Di Luan’s entire body is smashed with a boom. Blood and flesh are scattered around. However, this time --

A furious Hou Fei does not give Di Luan any chance at all.

His black stick immediately smashes on Di Luan’s yuanying, which is about to flee. The black stick’s offense is really so powerful that the yuanying is completely shattered in the blink of an eye. There is a boom as the smash of Hou Fei’s black stick unexpectedly blows up the yuanying.

The other Di brothers, who originally thought that there was still a chance to negotiate, can see that black stick hit the yuanying clearly.

That explosion stupefies them all.

7th brother is already dead!

In just a short time after their 5th brother’s death, their 7th brother has also died.

“Messing with me means death.” Hou Fei’s eyes are blazing. All of his hair is standing on end. An extremely ferocious aura comes out from his body and expands in all directions. This absolutely lordly aura is really frightening.

He caused the yuanying to explode with a smash of his stick but his body unexpectedly did not suffer any injuries.

“You, you ...”

Di Long and the other 4 brothers look at Hou Fei. They are so angry that they cannot even finish one sentence. Their eyes have reddened. Afterwards, they all growl furiously and charge at Hou Fei like mad. The fact that 2 of their brothers have died successively in such a short space of time has driven them crazy.

Among the 9 brothers, Di Luan and Di Feng were the only 2 at the early Dongxu stage and were also the 2 weakest. Di Long and the others have rarely let them take part in dangerous affairs and have cared about them very much. However, now both of them are already dead.

Holding his sword, Di Long slashes furiously!

A green light is flashing in Di Jian’s hands!

Di Xu swings the long stick in his hands ruthlessly!

...

Disregarding their own safety, the 5 remaining Di brothers attack Hou Fei fiercely with the intention of killing him in one hit.

“Don’t just rely on strength, Fei Fei. Your speed should be comparable to Di Long’s and you’re more nimble than him so try your best to evade them.” Qin Yu immediately says via his holy sense. Hou Fei is certainly slower than him but is not slower than Di Long in the least.

A divine beast is after all not an ordinary beast.

How can the only Fiery-eyed Aquatic monkey in the entire Xiuzhen world possibly be simple?

“Don’t worry, big brother. Kaka, ha-ha, awesome, awesome, brat, you also use a stick then have a taste of my stick.” Hou Fei’s voice resounds through the airspace of the black rock island. He himself starts to dodge continuously.

He is a monkey and, moreover, a divine monkey so he is extremely agile. His dodging is elegant and follows no regular patterns. Even though he is about as fast as Di Long, it is fairly difficult for Di Long and Di Jian to attack him.

Bang!

Hou Fei’s black stick and Di Xu’s long stick collide with each other. Di Xu is sent flying several tens meters but Hou Fei also retreats several meters. However, at this moment Di Long approaches Hou Fei from behind and thrusts his sword at Hou Fei’s back.

Hou Fei reaches out his hand backwards and swings his stick nimbly. The stick and the flying sword clash. He cannot help leaning forwards.

“Kaka, awesome, let’s try again!”

He suddenly charges at Di Long.

“You want to die?” Di Long immediately gets excited and concentrates his entire energy. He wants to seize this opportunity to one-shot Hou Fei. However, he suddenly notices that, at this moment, the light in Hou Fei’s eyes unexpectedly intensifies and Hou Fei’s aura becomes even stronger.

Hou Fei has been hiding his power!

Di Long is secretly shocked. But he still holds his sword and swings it at Hou Fei’s black stick as hard as he can.

One slashes through the air at an extreme speed like lightning!

One smashes down with a world-shattering force like a huge pillar!

Bang!

The air shakes and the 2 of them fly backwards simultaneously.

They are equally matched!

“Without using your true form, don’t even think about beating me.” Hou Fei thinks disdainfully. When he told Qin Yu before that he could fight Di Long evenly in berserk mode, he meant Di Long’s true form. If Di Long does not switch to his true form, Hou Fei certainly will not need to go berserk.

However, while the 2 of them are flying backwards after clashing fiercely --

“Be careful!” When Qin Yu’s voice has just risen in Hou Fei’s mind through holy sense communication,

Pu!

Hou Fei promptly dodges but he is still hit in the back by a sword and suffers a very large wound which is about 30 to 40 cm long. His flesh is exposed and blood flows out from that large wound nonstop.

“Hou Fei, prepare to die.”

Di Jian shouts furiously and charges at him. Hou Fei’s recovery ability is pretty good, but it cannot compare to Qin Yu’s Meteoric Tear. Because that wound is so large, even though it has been covered with demonic elemental energy, blood keeps flowing out from it.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ......

Noises of bombardment rise continuously inside the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation. They are caused by none other than a very anxious Qin Yu, who is attacking the formation nonstop.

Every attack of his is executed with full force.

However, 7 majesties of the Nine Demons Hall set up this formation together and Qin Yu is even one tier weaker than Di Long so it is simply impossible for him to break the formation.

“What can I do? What should I do?” Qin Yu has become somewhat impatient. Hou Fei is fairly powerful but facing Di Long, Di Jian and the other 3 Di brothers bodes ill rather than well for him. Qin Yu clenches his teeth. A transmitter appears in his hand.

It is the transmitter Uncle Lan gave him before. However, when Qin Yu is yet to send a message,

“Ha-ha, this is so interesting. Nine Demons Hall brats, you got some status at any rate, who could’ve thought you’d gang up on an opponent? Tut-tut, you’re a bit much.” A powerful voice resounds through the whole black rock island. At the same time, the water around the island begins to roar.

Suddenly, a silhouette appears in the sky.

Seeing this man, Qin Yu cannot help getting shocked because he has the body of a man and the head of a dragon, looking exceptionally bizarre. This man is wearing an azure imperial robe. The aura he is giving off is as oppressive as the weight of a great mountain. Everybody at the scene can feel a terrifying, irresistible force!

“My lord!”

Teng Shan and the guardians from the Azure Dragon Palace immediately bow and say with extreme respect.

On one side, Lou Ke and his subordinates also bow and say in salute: “It is a great honor to meet you, Overlord Azure Dragon. We are the Blue Water Mansion’s Lou Ke and guardians.” They are also very respectful.

“Overlord Azure Dragon?” Qin Yu is astonished. The dragon-headed man in front of him is unexpectedly Overlord Azure Dragon, who is called the no. 1 expert of the overseas Xiuzhen world. “Isn’t Overlord Azure Dragon a divine beast? Isn’t it impossible for him to take a human form before going through the 9-From-9th Heaven Tribulation?” Now Qin Yu has become doubtful.

End of b7c4.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7, 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C5: Breaking the formation

Di Long and his 4 brothers have been attacking Hou Fei like crazy but they cannot help stopping temporarily when Overlord Azure Dragon arrives.

“Greetings, Overlord Azure Dragon.”

The 5 Di brothers only slightly fold their hands in salute. After all, they are the Nine Demons Hall’s majesties and the Nine Demons Hall is also known as one of the three underwater superpowers like the Azure Dragon Palace. It is just that Overlord Azure Dragon is too powerful.

The Nine Demons Hall’s 90 million li radius territory has over a million Xiuyaoists in total. Both the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion, however, are more powerful than the Nine Demons Hall. Their respective territories are over 100 million li in radius and they have a lot more Xiuyaoists under them too.

“Di Long, Teng Shan told me that you were trying to kill a bloke called Qin Yu. Why are you trying to kill a monkey now? Besides, why are the 5 of you even joining forces?” Overlord Azure Dragon asks frankly with a faint smile on his face.

Di Long knows clearly that Overlord Azure Dragon generally treats others fairly well but when he gets angry, he will go wild and become merciless.

“Overlord, this monkey is Qin Yu’s brother and called Hou Fei. Just now, when the 5 of us were trying to kill Qin Yu in the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation, he unexpectedly took advantage of the situation and killed our 5th and 7th brothers. If we don’t avenge their deaths, we won’t be able to die with eyes closed.”

Di Long’s face is filled with killing intent, as are his words. Behind him, his 4 brothers are also boiling with killing intent. 2 of their brothers were killed in quick succession not long ago so all of them want to kill Hou Fei as soon as possible.

“Hou Fei.”

Overlord Azure Dragon gives Hou Fei a look and is suddenly astounded: “Oh, he’s merely at the late Yuanying stage but you haven’t been able to kill him for so long despite joining forces. Looks like Hou Fei is also a divine beast. How extraordinary, extraordinary!”

A late Yuanying stage Xiuyaoist that can survive the onslaught of a late Dongxu stage Di Long and his brothers for so long is almost certainly a divine beast.

Di Long frowns. But Di Jian beside him says: “Overlord Azure Dragon, this Hou Fei bloke killed my 5th and 7th brothers so either we or he must die. You’ve come here to obstruct us, haven’t you?” Di Jian’s eyes are ice-cold.

In the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation, a glimmer of hope appears in Qin Yu’s heart when he hears this.

“Ha-ha ... if you want to kill him then you kill him. What does this have to do with me?”

With a wave of his large sleeve, Overlord Azure Dragon immediately flies into the sky of the black rock island. A cloud then appears under his feet. Standing on the cloud, he looks down as if watching a play. Teng Shan and his subordinates hurriedly fly to his back and stand there respectfully.

“Kaka ~~~ little worms, don’t even dream about killing me!”

Hou Fei laughs strangely. His face is full of fierceness. He then brandishes his black stick, smashing it at Di Yang’s head.

The Nine Demons Hall’s 5 brothers now spring into action violently and charge at Hou Fei right away. Since Overlord Azure Dragon has said that he will not hinder them in their efforts to kill Hou Fei, he definitely will not hinder them. No longer having to worry about him, the 5 Di brothers naturally resume their attack.

In the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation,

Qin Yu can see that members of the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion are all looking on while Hou Fei is being surrounded and attacked by the 5 Di brothers. Moreover, he can see that Hou Fei is obviously losing ground so he becomes anxious.

“Screech ~~” A sharp noise that sounds like an owl’s cry suddenly resounds through an area of several thousand li in radius around the black rock island. Lou Ke and his subordinates are immediately delighted.

The Nine Demons Hall’s 5 brothers have no choice but to pause again.

A green-clad boy then appears out of thin air. This boy is bizarrely handsome and has very long green hair, so long that it touches his hips. When his hair flutters, it gives a strange feeling. The strangest thing about this green-clad boy is that there is a vertical line between his eyebrows.

“Grand Founder.”

Lou Ke and the Xiuyaoists from the Blue Water Mansion hurriedly bow and say.

“Overlord Azure Dragon came and now Old Freak Three-Eyed has also come.” Qin Yu is slightly shocked.

All of a sudden --

“Ha-ha ... Three-Eyed, you’re a divine toad at any rate, only after going through the 9-From-9th Heavenly Tribulation can you totally transform into a human. Since you’ve only gone through the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, you can take a half-human form at best. But you care too much about appearance so you’re even using an illusion to fool yourself and others.”

Overlord Azure Dragon laughs out loud and reveals the truth about Old Freak Three-Eyed directly.

Qin Yu, however, is astonished.

“This Old Freak Three-Eyed is really formidable. I can’t tell if he’s using an illusion at all.” He thinks that Overlord Azure Dragon is the only one at the scene who can see through Old Freak Three-Eyed’s illusion technique.

Old Freak Three-Eyed’s true form is a Three-Blue-Eyed toad.

A toad is ugly but Three-Eyed loves beauty very much so he is unhappy with his ugly appearance. Therefore, he learned an illusion technique and started to make himself look like a handsome boy.

“Azure Dragon!”

Old Freak Three-Eyed becomes furious. His long green hair flies straight up at once. “You ugly beast, you always go around with your dragon head. Do you think it’s very impressive and handsome?” He scolds immediately.

Overlord Azure Dragon bursts into laughter, paying no attention to what he said, and says with a complacent look.

“At least it’s more handsome than your toad head.”

Old Freak Three-Eyed is so angry that his body trembles. He is fond of beauty but toads are very ugly so he exceptionally hates being called a toad. However, it is Overlord Azure Dragon, an early Kongming stage divine beast, who called him so this time!

“Azure Dragon, last time you snatched my jade sword and I haven’t settled this score. This time you’ve even insulted me. Good, let’s have another fight.”

He is so furious that he starts a fight!

With his green hair flapping, Old Freak Three-Eyed arrives at the face of Overlord Azure Dragon in an instant and takes a claw swipe. His speed is faster than Qin Yu’s quite a lot.

“I snatched your jade sword? Bullshit! Last time that sword was owner-free at first. You had a fight with me and in the end I obtained the jade sword. How can you say I snatched yours?” Overlord Azure Dragon roars angrily and begins to fight as well.

Everybody present is dumbstruck.

This Old Freak Three-Eyed and Overlord Azure Dragon met each other not long ago but they have already started to fight.

Boom!

Various streams of energy hit different places, causing explosions. Many places on the whole black rock island are blown up. This fight between Old Freak Three-Eyed and Overlord Azure Dragon is simply devastating. Everyone else carefully shuns them for fear of suffering accidental damage.

The 5 Di brothers are no longer able to attack Hou Fei as freely as they were just now either because Old Freak Three-Eyed and Overlord Azure Dragon are too fast.

These 2 super experts are much faster than even Qin Yu. They can be several hundred li away at one moment, but in just a while, they can have already come to the side of Di Long or anybody else. In this situation, how can the Di brothers focus their entire attention on fighting Hou Fei? If they are careless, they will probably be hit and seriously injured by Overlord Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed.

As the 2 of them fight each other, their energy bombards every place.

The Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation is certainly hit by their energy as well. However, those energy streams are only the residual energy of the exchanges between Overlord Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed whereas this large formation was set up by 7 majesties so it is not possible for those energy streams to breach the formation.

“Don’t flaunt your power, Fei Fei. You quickly leave here first.”

Qin Yu immediately tells Hou Fei through holy sense communication.

At the moment, Hou Fei and the 5 Di brothers have no intention of fighting as fiercely as they did moments ago either so Hou Fei is naturally very relaxed. Moreover, he can run away anytime. Given his speed, the Di brothers will have difficulty chasing him.

“Don’t worry, big brother! Just now I was injured only because I was careless. Besides, I still haven’t used my true power. I haven’t entered berserk mode.” Hou Fei is not worried at all.

Qin Yu’s heart is immediately eased.

If one cares too much about something, their mind will be clouded. Seeing Hou Fei wounded, Qin Yu unexpectedly forgot that Hou Fei could still go into berserk mode, which would greatly improve his power right away.

But at this moment --

“Three-Eyed, you freak, so you want to fight for real?”

Overlord Azure Dragon roars angrily. Just now Old Freak Three-Eyed’s hands scratched his clothes, which has naturally angered him. A dazzling golden long spear then appears in his right hand out of thin air.

Holding this golden long spear, Overlord Azure Dragon immediately gains the upper hand over Old Freak Three-Eyed.

Qin Yu’s heart trembles with shock as he watches. Unlike experts on the Qian Long continent, Overlord Azure Dragon uses purely speed and power instead of finesse. Various spear silhouettes shoot out from his hands and each of them is more powerful than even Qin Yu’s strongest attack.

“Take this, Azure Dragon!”

The sharp voice of Old Freak Three-Eyed, who is at a total disadvantage, suddenly rises. At the same time, that vertical line between his eyebrows opens, revealing an eye. A dark green light then shoots out from it in a straight line.

“You want to go all out!?”

Overlord Azure Dragon shouts in shock and hurriedly dodges. But that dark green light is too fast so it still pierces through his imperial robe.

“Three-Eyed, if you use that eye of yours, don’t blame me for getting serious.” Overlord Azure Dragon’s hands brighten. In the blink of an eye, they turn into black dragon claws, emitting an ice-cold metallic glow. But the rest of his arms are covered in azure dragon scales.

The attacks of Old Freak Three-Eyed’s 3rd eye are extremely swift and fierce so Overlord Azure Dragon only dares to ward them off with his most powerful weapons, the dragon claws. Not even his protective scaly armor can withstand this dark green shaft of light.

Old Freak Three-Eyed has become ruthless. Another dark green shaft of light shoots out.

Overlord Azure Dragon takes a look at the position of everybody at the scene. A faint cunning smile suddenly appears on his face. Without using his dragon claws to block the attack, he immediately dodges to one side. Because of his evasion, this dark green light unexpectedly shoots at Di Long.

Di Long’s face changes color. Simply having no time to curse, he tries his best to dodge.

But how can it possibly be easy to evade this attack by Old Freak Three-Eyed?

“Growl ~~~”

Di Long lets out a mad growl and transforms into an over 100 m long Purple Demon aquatic dragon instantly. That dark green shaft of light pierces through Di Long’s body like shooting through a sheet of paper to enter the ocean then vanishes.

Di Long switches back to his human form right away.

“Why did you hurt me, Grand Founder Three-Eyed?” He is furious. Now a very small wound has appeared on his stomach. Despite its size, he cannot stop it from bleeding.

“Di Long, if I had really wanted to hurt you, how could you still be alive?”

Old Freak Three-Eyed’s voice rises. But he is still fighting Overlord Azure Dragon extremely fast. One dark green shaft of light shoots out after another. Everybody at the scene dodges in terror because nobody dares to block such attacks.

Di Long understands.

If Old Freak Three-Eyed had really wanted to kill him, that dark green light shaft would have exploded after going into his body and he would have definitely died. However, Old Freak Three-Eyed did not detonate that dark green light in his body. Convinced by this point, Di Long immediately stops talking.

Whizz!

Another dark green light shaft shoots out. But it unexpectedly hits the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation squarely.

Poof!

Even though the shaft of light is hindered a bit, it still destroys the formation. Afterwards, having lost most of its energy, the light shaft pierces into the surface of the black rock island and disappears.

The formation has been destroyed!

The Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation has been destroyed!

Qin Yu is dumbfounded. The Nine Demons Hall’s 5 brothers are dumbfounded. And Hou Fei is also dumbfounded.

The 3rd eye’s attacks are Old Freak Three-Eyed’s most powerful attacks. Not even Overlord Azure Dragon dares to block them lightly. Therefore, despite its extremely powerful defense, the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation was still broken by that shaft of light.

“Grand Founder Three-Eyed, you ...”

Di Long points at Old Freak Three-Eyed. He is so angry that his body trembles and he cannot even finish that sentence.

He and his brothers had to join forces and take advantage of Qin Yu’s inattention to set up the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation. Now Di Luan and Di Feng are already dead so they can no longer set it up even if they want. Given Qin Yu’s speed, how can they still confine Qin Yu?

“Three-Eyed, you’re really outrageous. It took Di Long and his brothers a lot of effort to set up this large formation but you destroyed it just like that.” Overlord Azure Dragon also points at Old Freak Three-Eyed.

Old Freak Three-Eyed glares at Di Long angrily with his three eyes.

“Di Long, why didn’t you set it up elsewhere instead of at the place where I and Azure Dragon fight each other?” He says with a cold humph. The fierceness in his eyes makes the Di brothers’ hearts skip a beat. They no longer dare to say anything else despite being extremely furious inwardly.

“Let’s stop fighting, Three-Eyed. If you want to fight, let’s wait until Di Long and his brothers have handled their business.” Azure Dragon says as if he is someone nice.

Old Freak Three-Eyed utters a cold humph then flies in front of Lou Ke and his subordinates and stops talking. Obviously he has accepted Azure Dragon’s suggestion. Thus, Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed stop fighting after the destruction of the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation!

The 5 Di brothers are so angry that they do not know what to say. However, they do not notice that there is a hint of amusement deep in the eyes of Overlord Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed.

“Your acting was pretty good, Three-Eyed.”

“Yours wasn’t bad either. But later don’t ever call me toad this toad that or I’m going to fight you for real.”

Overlord Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed talk to each other via holy sense communication. Nobody can hear what they say.

End of b7c5.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7, 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C6: Berserk mode

Qin Yu rushes over to the side of Hou Fei like a golden beam of light.

“Let’s join forces, Fei Fei.”

He clenches his fists. The Flaming Gloves are sticking to the surfaces of his fists just like a layer of skin.

When he was being confined in the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation, he could only watch Hou Fei fight alone, so naturally he wanted to come out to help long ago. He was unable to break that large formation, but luckily Old Freak Three-Eyed and Overlord Azure Dragon fought each other and unwittingly destroyed the formation for him.

“Kaka, big brother, if we join forces we’ll be invincible.” Hou Fei wriggles his waist and says complacently.

The faces of the 5 Di brothers, Di Long, Di Jian, Di Yang, Di Xu and Di Nai, all seem to be covered in a layer of killing intent. They glare at Qin Yu and Hou Fei, who also glare at them with absolutely no fear or evasion.

Di Long and co. versus Qin Yu and Hou Fei, 5 brothers versus 2 brothers,

Members of the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion are just looking on, helping neither side.

“Once the 5 Di brothers fight Qin Yu and Hou Fei, who do you think will have the upper hand, Three-Eyed?” Overlord Azure Dragon is watching Di Long, Qin Yu and the others but he keeps chatting with Old Freak Three-Eyed through holy sense communication.

“The upper hand? Of course it’s going to be the Nine Demons Hall’s brats. Though some of them are dead, the strongest ones like Di Long and Di Jian are still there. You should know that these Purple Demon aquatic dragons are barely inferior to divine beasts. They can only transform into humans after going through the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. When a late Dongxu aquatic dragon switches back to his true form, his power will increase several times.”

Old Freak Three-Eyed obviously thinks that the 5 Di brothers will have the upper hand.

In the past, Di Jian was able to single-handedly take on Teng Shan and Lou Ke, who both have reached the late Dongxu stage, at the same time and was even able to fight them off. It should be known that Teng Shan is a horned dragon and Lou Ke is a crimson toad, which is also very extraordinary. These facts show how formidable Purple Demon aquatic dragons are.

“Qin Yu! Hou Fei!”

Di Long shouts loudly. Afterwards, the 5 Di brothers charge at Qin Yu and Hou Fei extremely fast together.

Qin Yu and Hou Fei exchange a look then dodge to 2 different sides simultaneously. Qin Yu uses 80 percent of his top speed as before. Despite this, he is still fairly faster than even Di Long. By contrast, Hou Fei executes several strikes with his stick from time to time while dodging nimbly.

In the blink of an eye, Qin Yu gets away several hundred li.

Standing in midair, he slightly closes his eyes and takes a deep breath.

“What a wonderful feeling.”

There is an earnest faint smile on Qin Yu’s face. He can feel clearly every muscle in his body, every bone in his body and even every part of any muscle. This feeling of having total control over his body is very wonderful.

Qin Yu does body training so he attaches great importance to toughness and flexibility.

“Qin Yu, die!”

Di Long shouts loudly. His flying sword unexpectedly turns into a broadsword. Holding the broadsword, Di Long slashes it at Qin Yu’s head. However, facing this strike, Qin Yu moves forwards 2 to 3 m in parallel with the sword with a very easy shake of his waist’s muscles.

Chi --

Qin Yu’s body is fast like lightning. At the same time, he forms a finger sword with his index and middle fingers and thrusts it at Di Long. His pure and condensed golden stellar energy is totally focused on the finger sword, making it radiate a dazzling golden light.

Because Qin Yu is too fast, Di Long does not have enough time to make a block with the broadsword in his right hand. Therefore, he can only throw a punch at Qin Yu’s finger sword with his left hand. When Di Long’s fist is coming at the finger sword, a glove appears around it. This glove has 2 colors, silvery and purple, and is none other than a top-grade holy weapon.

Bang!

Qin Yu’s finger sword and Di Long’s fist collide head-on.

The sharp golden stellar energy bursts forth. Di Long’s powerful demonic elemental energy also bursts forth. Qin Yu’s energy is more concentrated and penetrative whereas Di Long’s energy is more powerful and substantial. This clash unexpectedly ends in a draw.

“Triple Strike!”

A hint of ruthlessness appears in Qin Yu’s eyes. He has started to use the move with which he killed Di Tong in the past. His fingers are straightened up. In an instant, the finger sword becomes a spear hand strike. Then, basically not pausing for a moment, he curls his fingers up and throws a punch!

He has attacked 3 times continuously.

Di Long is very powerful but his left hand’s bones and joints still hurt as if they are about to crack. Luckily his gloves were forged by fusing dragon scales with top-grade crystals so their defense is extremely powerful. Even so, Qin Yu’s 3 continuous strikes still almost made his left hand lose the ability to attack.

“What move is this?” Di Long is in disbelief. He is obviously stronger than Qin Yu but just now his left hand was injured by Qin Yu.

There is a tinge of fierceness in Qin Yu’s eyes: “When I was travelling the Qian Long continent before, I learned an attack technique called Short Force (*). This move is a variant of Short Force.” The move Qin Yu just used was indeed created based on Short Force.

This move is not simply 3 continuous attacks at all.

If it was really so simple, Short Force Continuous Striking would not be so difficult to learn. After all, following the 1st strike, when you perform the 2nd strike, the opponent can also perform their 2nd strike. The secret of this Short Force Continuous Striking move is the word ‘continuous.’

When anybody performs a punch, their fist must at least move a certain distance to generate enough offensive force.

For example, to hit something with a punch, one must smash their fist into it from an adequate distance. If they rely on their internal energy alone without moving their fist, the attack will be very weak.

By attacking nonstop, Short Force Continuous Striking does not give the enemy enough moving distance. After the finger sword strike, the hand will be pulled back a little, creating a short space, but the enemy will not be able to take advantage of this space to counterattack. All of this depends on the user’s skill and experience. The user must learn through experience and also enlightenment to achieve ‘continuousness.’ Even if one knows the principle of the technique, this does not necessarily mean they can execute it.

“Mortals, humph, so you even learned mortals’ stuff?”

Di Long’s words are filled with disdain. “Show me what you’ve got. This time I’m not going to give you any chance.” After saying so, he disregards everything else to launch an onslaught on Qin Yu using his raging demonic elemental energy.

Bully,

Di Long is absolutely a bully. Relying on the fact that his demonic elemental energy is powerful, he immediately makes his energy roll out under his control to restrain Qin Yu and assaults Qin Yu like crazy.

Run!

Qin Yu has no choice but to dodge again using his speed and to occasionally launch a sneak attack or two. An attack that depends on finesse can only be used a couple of times at best. If it is overused, the enemy will naturally figure out a method of dealing with it. At that time, the user will probably be finished.

......

On the battlefield, Qin Yu keeps moving back and forth between the 5 Di brothers like a golden beam of light, attacking Di Yang, Di Xu and Di Nai from time to time. Hou Fei is also dodging nimbly. His black stick is being swung at random like a black blur.

For the moment, there is a stalemate on the battlefield.

“Three-Eyed, didn’t you say the Nine Demons Hall would win? Why does it now look like they are neck and neck?” Azure Dragon taunts via holy sense communication.

“Neck and neck? You can’t say so. It’s just that this Qin Yu fella is really too fast. Though he can’t beat the Di brothers, the Di brothers have no way to hurt him either. But you just wait and see. The situation will change very soon.” Old Freak Three-Eyed says very confidently through his holy sense.

......

“3rd brother, 4th brother, 6th brother, 9th brother, let’s use our true forms right away to kill them.” Di Long gives an order after fighting for a long time without being able to kill Qin Yu and Hou Fei.

“Okay.”

Di Jian, Di Yang, Di Xu and Di Nai all agree with him.

Afterwards, 5 dragon roars are heard and the 5 Di brothers transform into 5 Purple Demon aquatic dragons, which are sinuously floating in the sky. Their 100 m long bodies alone give off a hugely oppressive feeling. Those black single horns are flashing with an ice-cold light.

Qin Yu’s face immediately changes color.

He personally saw the fight between Di Tong and Cha Hong, especially Di Tong’s formidability after transforming into a Purple Demon aquatic dragon, so he knows that when the Di brothers switch to their true forms, their power will greatly improve.

“Fei Fei, when they switch to their true forms, they become much stronger.” He immediately says via his holy sense.

“Don’t worry.” Hou Fei is not worried at all. His eyes are blazing with even more fighting spirit.

With a sweep of their tails, the 5 Purple Demon aquatic dragons instantly turn into 5 purple blurs, charging at Qin Yu and Hou Fei. They are so fast that even Hou Fei, who was full of fighting spirit a moment ago, is astonished and has to hurriedly perform a stick smash.

Bang!

Hou Fei’s black stick and Di Long’s single horn collide with each other violently. Di Long is not affected at all but Hou Fei is sent flying away.

“Damn, they’ve really become much stronger. I basically can’t resist this Di Long fella anymore.” Now Hou Fei also has a rather bad feeling.

Bang!

Qin Yu’s fists and Di Yang’s dragon tail clash. Di Yang is knocked back a bit but Qin Yu’s fists have gone numb. Originally Qin Yu could defeat Di Yang with ease, but now, after Di Yang has changed into his true form, Qin Yu can only fight Di Yang evenly at most.

“When I killed Di Tong that day, if he hadn’t lost one arm before and hadn’t been in his human form, if I hadn’t used a sneak attack and risked losing a hand ...” At the moment Qin Yu is secretly shocked.

He knew that he had been lucky at that time, but only now, when he is fighting Di Yang’s true form, does he discover how formidable a middle Dongxu stage Purple Demon aquatic dragon is in its true form.

Di Tong was really very unlucky to die.

Beset on all sides by dangers, Qin Yu finally makes a decision: “Speed, 100 percent!”

Now he does not hide his speed anymore and immediately increases it from 80 percent to 100 percent of his ability. By doing this, his speed is improved by one level, no less. And so, the attacks that at first could threaten him can no longer even touch his body.

......

On the battlefield, after the 5 Di brothers changed into the true forms, they have become much more powerful. Now Qin Yu is of the same tier as Di Yang, Di Xu and Di Nai at best. Facing Di Long and Di Jian, he basically cannot ward off the enemies’ attacks. The gap between him and these two is really huge.

Qin Yu has raised his speed to its maximum. His body keeps moving back and forth nonstop like a golden beam of light. Even though the 5 Purple Demon aquatic dragons are formidable, they cannot harm him.

Now Hou Fei is only slightly stronger than Di Yang, Di Xu and Di Nai. He is no longer a match for Di Long and Di Jian, and even worse, for the moment he is even slower than them. As a result, he has already clashed head-on with Di Long and Di Jian several times. His current situation is even more dangerous than Qin Yu’s.

......

“Azure Dragon, what I said is right, isn’t it? As soon as the 5 Di brothers switched to their true forms, their power was greatly increased and they gained the upper hand over Qin Yu and Hou Fei. But ... this Qin Yu fella is really fast, somewhat faster than usual.” Old Freak Three-Eyed says in astonishment.

Azure Dragon also praises: “Just now I was amazed by Qin Yu’s speed. Who could’ve thought he was still holding back? Tut-tut, with his current speed, perhaps only you and I in the underwater Xiuyao world can subdue him with absolute certainty.”

When Qin Yu was using 80% of his capacity, he was already extremely fast. Now he is using 100% of his capacity so he is basically abnormally fast.

Di Long in his true form is also fast.

However, using his top speed, Qin Yu is still faster than Di Long’s true form by about 30 to 40 percent. The 5 Purple Demon aquatic dragons on the battlefield can do nothing to him at all. Too bad he cannot do anything to them either.

“Three-Eyed, now when do you think Di Long and his brothers will win?” Azure Dragon asks. To him and Old Freak Three-Eyed, this fight is just like an amusing show. They are not worried by it at all.

Old Freak Three-Eyed thinks for a while then says: “It’s difficult for the Di brothers to kill Qin Yu, but perhaps that Hou Fei fella won’t be able to hang on for long. Though he’s a divine beast and got huge potential, he’s only reached the late Yuanying stage. You see, now he’s already badly injured.”

Azure Dragon nods his head in agreement. Both of them can see the situation on the battlefield clearly.

......

“Be careful, Fei Fei.”

Like lightning, Qin Yu takes hold of Hou Fei with a grab while flashing past a swing of Di Long’s tail.

However, right after evading this attack, a huge dragon claw comes down from the sky, aiming directly for Qin Yu’s and Hou Fei’s heads. Qin Yu pushes Hou Fei away without delay. He himself flies backwards, once again avoiding another attack.

“When these 5 Purple Demon aquatic dragons hadn’t used their true form, Fei Fei still had some advantages, but now he has no advantage at all.” Qin Yu is very anxious. “At this point, why hasn’t he entered berserk mode yet?”

He has urged Hou Fei to enter berserk mode once but Hou Fei did not reply.

“Fei Fei, why are you still hiding your power?” Qin Yu angrily rebukes via holy sense communication.

Hou Fei grimaces at him: “Big brother, after getting out of this berserk mode, my whole body will hurt like hell. Alright, these 5 little worms have got too cocky already.” Hou Fei promptly evades an attack.

“Roar ~~”

He turns his face upwards and lets out a furious roar, sounding like an ancient ferocious beast. Immediately, the water in a large area around the island screams. Hou Fei is then completely covered in the ocean’s water. The muscles in his entire body begin to expand and his bones begin to lengthen and thicken.

His height also increases extremely fast. From being as tall as a normal man at first, he becomes 5 m tall, then 8 m tall, then 10 m tall, then 20 m tall, then 30 m tall ...

Everybody is stupefied.

Not only Qin Yu, even the 5 Purple Demon aquatic dragons stop fighting out of fright. In just a while, Hou Fei’s transformation stops. Now his ferocious aura is shockingly powerful and he is nearly 50 m tall.

His entire body has been enlarged by 26 or 27 times. His black stick has also become longer and thicker. At the moment the hair on his head has the color of the ocean’s water, and various streams of water are moving around his body, but his eyes are flaming red, as if they are blazing.

This is a legendary divine beast -- a Fiery-eyed Aquatic Monkey!

Finally, Hou Fei has entered berserk mode!

NOTE:

(*) Short Force (aka One-inch punch) is cun jing in Chinese (寸劲). This is a type of attack in Chinese internal martial arts (Taiji, Bagua, Xingyi) and Wing Chun, said to be able to generate a considerable force from a short distance.

End of b7c6.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7, 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C7: Meteor Strike

Hou Fei has transformed into a terrifying huge monkey that is almost 50 m tall. Various water streams as thick as the Purple Demon aquatic dragons’ bodies are moving around his body and arms nonstop. His flaming red eyes are blazing. Everybody at the scene is temporarily shocked by him.

“This, this ...”

The eyes of Teng Shan, Lou Ke and their subordinates pop out of their heads. They never thought that a monkey which seemed mediocre at first could become so frightening. Now, even Teng Shan and Lou Ke do not have the nerve to fight Hou Fei.

Even Overlord Azure Dragon’s and Old Freak Three-Eyed’s faces change color. They exchange a look.

“Fei Fei, this, this is your berserk mode?” Qin Yu’s expression is also full of surprise. Hou Fei told Qin Yu before that he would become much more powerful when entering berserk mode, but Qin Yu never expected Hou Fei to look like this in berserk mode.

The huge monkey turns his face upwards and gives a long roar.

“Big brother, watch me tear them apart.” Hou Fei’s voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind through holy sense communication.

Qin Yu smiles, thinking he had better get away to let Hou Fei fight at will because if he stays here now, he will hinder Hou Fei’s actions. He can see that moments ago Hou Fei was only somewhat weaker than Di Long and Di Jian, and now that Hou Fei has powered up a lot, dealing with these 5 aquatic dragons is definitely no longer difficult.

“Fei Fei, I’ll leave it to you.”

With a movement of his body, Qin Yu goes away in a curved path like a golden beam of light. In an instant, he has already travelled several tens li. From being a participant, now Qin Yu has become an outsider. However, at the moment the Di brothers do not block him at all.

Their entire attention is being focused on Hou Fei.

Qin Yu is unusually fast but his offense is not a big threat to them. It is very difficult for them to kill Qin Yu but it is also very difficult for him to kill them. Therefore, they temporarily ignore him. Moreover, the pressure that the huge monkey in front of them gives them is really too great.

“Growl growl ~~~”

The 5 Purple Demon aquatic dragon roll into the sky and keep growling at Hou Fei.

The huge monkey suddenly turns his face upwards and hits his own chest with his fists as if he has gone crazy. His howls resound in all directions. At the same time, the water within several thousand li of the island becomes totally chaotic with the waves increasing to 100 m in height. There are countless waterspouts, which are all under the control of this huge monkey.

All of a sudden, the monkey stops howling and glares at the 5 Purple Demon aquatic dragons before him with his blazing eyes, which are full of hostility.

Hu!

Turning into a blur, Hou Fei unexpectedly goes several li away in an instant and makes a grab at the aquatic dragon Di Long transformed into. Unwilling to be put at a disadvantage, Di Long lets out a furious roar and thrusts the black single horn on his head at Hou Fei.

Hou Fei swings his hand --

Pa!

That huge palm hits the aquatic dragon’s body fiercely. However, Di Long unexpectedly is able to neutralize Hou Fei’s enormous force by vibrating his over 100 m long body for a short time. Concurrently with this, his black single horn is thrust at Hou Fei’s left hand.

“Die!”

The huge monkey suddenly shouts. His voice is powerful and deep. The huge black stick in his right hand is immediately swung down at Di Long. With a shake of that huge body, Di Long rises into the sky at once. When Di Long holds his own body up, he is even much taller than Hou Fei.

Facing Hou Fei’s black stick, the black single horn on Di Long’s head unexpectedly lengthens and moves towards the stick.

Bang!

The black stick and the black single horn collide with each other.

Di Long’s body gets a shock and is sent flying several tens li. Afterwards, he flies into the sky again with a twist of his body. Hou Fei also takes a few steps backwards continuously. Though he treads on waves, he does not sink one bit.

“Ha-ha, you’re really too weak, little worm, too weak!” He has turned into a huge monkey but his mind has stayed the same. It is just that his voice has become much more powerful.

After the 2 of them clashed head-on a moment ago, Hou Fei only had to take a few steps backwards to neutralize the opponent’s offensive force and was not harmed at all while Di Long was sent flying several tens li and obviously suffered some injuries. The stronger and the weaker of the two of them have been decided instantly.

“Charge together, brothers.”

Di Long uses the secret technique Ventriloquism. His voice resounds through the sky. Without delay, the 5 Purple Demon aquatic dragons charge at Hou Fei from different directions while growling. Hou Fei’s expression becomes serious immediately. He is ready to swing the black stick in his hands out anytime.

He is not afraid of fighting Di Long one-on-one and even if Di Long and Di Jian join forces he can still manage to fight them evenly, but the 5 Purple Demon aquatic dragons are attacking him together whereas he does not have 3 heads and 6 arms. Moreover, after entering berserk mode, despite the great improvements in offense and defense, his agility has decreased quite a lot.

Hou Fei’s blazing eyes suddenly radiate a light.

“I can’t win one on five. Let’s focus on killing one of them first.”

Facing the joint attack of the 5 aquatic dragons, Hou Fei remains motionless. Everybody else is watching without blinking. Suddenly, a monkey roar is heard. The water within several li of Hou Fei becomes totally chaotic, looking like a tornado. Waves rise to several hundred meters high and Hou Fei’s body disappears in the waves.

Noticing that their vision has been blocked by the waves, the 5 Purple Demon aquatic dragons are extremely furious and immediately expand their holy senses. Everybody is immediately thrilled seeing this.

Hou Fei then holds high his black stick and attacks the 3rd brother Di Yang, who is definitely no match for berserk-mode Hou Fei despite having transformed into a Purple Demon aquatic dragon because he has only reached the middle Dongxu stage. He can use sneak attacks, but if he has to face someone so powerful like the current Hou Fei head-on, he will surely die.

Di Yang is both frightened and angry.

He opens his mouth right away and shoots out a green light beam, which immediately lengthens. His originally normal-sized flying sword quickly becomes 10 zhang long. As for Hou Fei’s black stick, its length is the same as his height. The 2 weapons clash with each other, causing a metallic noise.

“Hah!”

Hou Fei utters a furious shout. That flying sword is smashed to one side and the black stick keeps coming down. The other Di brothers simply have no time to help. Di Yang has reacted very fast. When he shot that flying sword out, his single horn immediately started to lengthen.

Clang!

The black stick and the horn, which has become over 10 m long, collide with each other. Afterwards, a very short black blur is seen falling into the ocean clearly.

“3rd brother!”

“3rd brother!”

Di Long, Di Xu, Di Jian and Di Nai are both anxious and angry. That black blur was none other than a piece of Di Yang’s single horn. Just now, Hou Fei’s strike unexpectedly broke off a piece of the horn. However, what terrifies the other 4 brothers the most is that Hou Fei brandishes his stick too fast.

Right after the first strike, the 2nd strike with the stick is already about to arrive.

Bang!

The stick smashes heavily into Di Yang’s body. Di Yang spits out a large mouthful of blood. His entire body is sent flying west extremely fast. While flying, Di Yang switches to his human form. At the moment, he keeps coughing up blood and his face is very pale.

Seeing this, the other 4 Di brothers all go mad.

They know clearly that Di Yang has been injured very badly to the point where he can no longer maintain his true form and had to transform back into his human form. After all, the human form consumes the least energy whereas the large dragon body consumes a lot of energy.

Extremely furious, the other 4 brothers charge at Hou Fei together. Suddenly --

Poof!

Ah!

An anguished cry is heard. Di Long, Di Xu, Di Jian and Di Nai all tremble and unexpectedly stop. They then fly towards Di Yang simultaneously. They only see that Di Yang’s body is lifeless and Qin Yu is clutching a yuanying in his hand.

It is none other than Di Yang’s yuanying.

Noticing that the other 4 Di brothers are focusing their attention on him, Qin Yu makes the golden light in his palm heat up. A sharp, miserable cry rises as Di Yang’s soul is immediately destroyed.

“Don’t ...”

Di Long and the other 3 brothers are completely dumbstruck upon seeing this.

Originally Qin Yu was looking on, but then he discovered that Di Yang had been seriously injured and was even flying towards him so, of course, he would not let this chance slip. Relying on his speed, he captured badly injured Di Yang’s yuanying in just a move and shattered Di Yang’s soul without hesitation.

“Di Long, I spent almost a year following 3 majesties from the Blood-red Cave to the Nine Demons Hall. On the way, I never tried to escape or complained. After arriving in the Nine Demons Hall, I answered your every question, but how did you treat me? You just wanted to let that Terror Jellyfish eat me and even bullshitted that I should feel honored to be killed by you. Now I give that sentence back to you, your 3rd brother should feel honored to be killed by me.”

......

“Three-Eyed.” Azure Dragon’s face becomes solemn when he sees Hou Fei starting to transform into a giant monkey.

“Azure Dragon, you’re worried or ... scared, aren’t you?” Old Freak Three-Eyed’s green hair is fluttering nonstop. Anyone familiar with Old Freak Three-Eyed knows that when his hair flutters, this is a sign that he wants to kill someone.

Azure Dragon gives a smile: “Well, aren’t you?”

Old Freak Three-Eyed says with a nod: “Yes, I am. I can tolerate the appearance of one divine beast other than us in the underwater Xiuyao world at most. If Hou Fei was just an ordinary divine beast, I wouldn’t really mind, but ... he unexpectedly can transform and become so much more powerful that he can rival my 3rd eye.”

Azure Dragon nods and says: “Yeah, there are differences between divine beasts. Three-Eyed, you’re only at the late Dongxu stage while I’m already at the early Kongming stage. I’m an entire level above you but if we really fight each other, I’ll only narrowly defeat you. And if we fight to the death, perhaps both of us will die.”

“It’s good you know this.”

Old Freak Three-Eyed appears somewhat arrogant: “As far as I know, I’m the only Three-Blue-Eyed toad in history. What divine beast of the same power level can compare with me? However, if this Hou Fei fella was of the same level as me, he definitely wouldn’t be weaker than me.”

“So, why haven’t you got into action, Three-Eyed?” Azure Dragon says smilingly.

Old Freak Three-Eyed gives Azure Dragon a look and says via holy sense communication: “Getting into action? Why should I? Aren’t you the overseas Xiuzhen world’s no. 1 expert? You’re already very unhappy with my existence. Can you possibly tolerate Hou Fei’s appearance?”

Both Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed are unwilling to be surpassed by someone else.

If Hou Fei was an ordinary divine beast, they would not care about him at all. After all, they are also divine beasts and they are much more powerful than Hou Fei. However, Hou Fei belongs to an extremely rare, unusual species of divine beast so it is a different story.

Azure Dragon says in frustration: “There’ll be no end if you keep telling me to act alone and vice versa. How about this? Both of us will tie Hou Fei up so that he can’t move then let those Purple Demon little worms kill him?”

Old Freak Three-Eyed frowns: “Let those little worms kill a divine beast, and even an unusual divine beast?”

A Three-Blue-Eyed toad is no ordinary divine beast. In his eyes, Purple Demon aquatic dragons are not worth mentioning. Even Azure Dragon, who is one power level above him, is only a little bit more powerful than him. Compared to an azure dragon, a Three-Blue-Eyed toad is naturally somewhat more splendid.

“You don’t want Hou Fei to be killed by those Purple Demon aquatic dragons? So you’re willing to get into action?” Azure Dragon has been annoyed.

When Old Freak Three-Eyed has been pondering for just a while, an anguished cry is heard. The 2 of them are still talking to each other, but Qin Yu has already killed Di Yang. Old Freak Three-Eyed finally says with a nod: “All right, I’ll tie his hands and you’ll tie his feet.”

Azure Dragon immediately smiles.

......

“Qin Yu!”

The 4 remaining Di brothers roar furiously at the same time then charge at Qin Yu. He killed Di Yang so naturally they want to kill him to avenge Di Yang’s death.

Qin Yu immediately flies northwest like a golden beam of light. When Qin Yu has just got closer to Hou Fei a bit, Hou Fei sees the Di brothers surrounding and attacking Qin Yu and explodes with anger at once. He then brandishes his black stick, wanting to charge at them.

All of a sudden --

“Azure Dragon.”

Old Freak Three-Eyed calls aloud and reaches out his hands. 2 green beams of light shoot out extremely fast. Giving Hou Fei basically no time to dodge, they tie Hou Fei’s hands together. Afterwards, Old Freak Three-Eyed pulls his hands back.

Meanwhile, Azure Dragon also sends out 2 azure beams of light, which tie Hou Fei’s feet together in an instant.

With his hands and feet tied together as if they are chained, Hou Fei cannot move anymore.

“Roar roar ~~”

Hou Fei roars furiously. At the same time, his arms’ muscles bulge up, but he basically cannot do anything to the demonic elemental energy that is tying his hands. He cannot make any big movements with his feet at all either.

Seeing this scene, Qin Yu cannot help getting startled.

The 4 Di brothers are also dumbfounded.

“Why are the 4 of you still standing there? Why haven’t you killed Hou Fei?” Azure Dragon says in an indifferent voice which contains compulsion and ruthlessness.

The Di brothers are immediately delighted. Now that Hou Fei’s hands and feet are tied, if they still fail to kill Hou Fei, they should kill themselves instead. Di Long reacts fastest. With a sweep of his tail, he is the first to charge at Hou Fei.

Right after this, his 3 brothers, Di Jian, Di Xu and Di Nai, wake up. They also charge at Hou Fei with a sweep of their tails.

Hou Fei is so worried that he roars continuously, making the water around the island to heave up and down and causing billows. However, all of this cannot make the Di brothers less willing to kill him. Qin Yu, who is not far away, sees everything and the transmitter Uncle Lan gave him appears in his hand.

“Uncle Lan, quickly come to the black rock island over 20,000 li to the southwest of the Nine Demons Hall and save us.”

He immediately sends this message using his holy sense. Then, he fills his entire body with the golden stellar energy without hesitation. Like a burning meteor, he disregards everything to rush at Di Long, who is charging at Hou Fei at the front.

Qin Yu is being enfolded in a golden light. There are no signs of timidity in his eyes. Ahead of him is a huge, over 100 m long Purple Demon aquatic dragon.

End of b7c7.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C8: Uncle Lan’s eventual appearance

Hou Fei cannot move but this does not affect him knowing whatever happens around him through his holy sense at all. Now he can see clearly that Qin Yu is recklessly rushing at Di Long, who is the first to be charging at him. Hou Fei knows Qin Yu’s and Di Long’s real power.

“Don’t do that, big brother!”

He is so worried that he is about to cry. His demonic elemental energy in his whole body keeps shaking but the streams of demonic elemental energy that Old Freak Three-Eyed and Azure Dragon sent out are really too powerful. In fact, both of them had estimated Hou Fei’s power before tying him up with their demonic elemental energy.

When Qin Yu hears Hou Fei’s voice in his mind through holy sense communication, the corners of his mouth slightly curve upwards and his eyes radiate even more resolution.

This radiant, startling look in his eyes was also seen in the past when he was sacrificing himself to kill Wu Xing for his father. Qin Yu does not have many friends but once he considers someone a friend or brother, he can risk his life for them.

“Hou Fei, die!”

Di Long’s huge body is rushing at Hou Fei extremely fast. But he suddenly notices that not far from him, a dazzling golden light is coming at him at an extreme speed. At first sight, that golden light looks like a burning meteor. Di Long is astonished.

“Qin Yu.”

With a sweep of his holy sense, he discovers that it is Qin Yu and is immediately delighted. In an instant, there is a hint of mercilessness on Di Long’s face.

Clashing head-on with Di Long?

Qin Yu knows very well that he is simply no match for Di Long’s true form, but he cannot cower now because if he does, Di Long’s single horn will pierces into the body of a completely defenseless Hou Fei.

While Qin Yu is flying extremely fast, his eyes suddenly blaze with madness. He makes a sign with his hands and shouts loudly: “Start!” His voice resounds through the entire black rock island.

The Stellar Field -- Nine Meteors Blazing!

The golden light around Qin Yu’s body becomes even more dazzling. His indistinct silvery stellar energy unexpectedly surges forth. At the moment, in Qin Yu’s dantian, 9 meteors are revolving nonstop in the center of countless silvery grains. These 9 meteors look as if they are burning, sending out 9 frighteningly concentrated streams of golden stellar energy.

One stream fuses with his body and the other 8 streams becomes 8 golden silhouettes.

Seeing the original golden beam of light quickly turns into 9 golden beams of light, Di Long cannot help getting startled.

Qin Yu makes a hand sign again and suddenly shouts: “Break!”

During the fight against Xiang Yang in the past, he used most of his silvery stellar energy in a move that appeared to be 9 meteors unifying. However, only now, when he has reached the late Meteor stage and got exactly 9 meteors, can he bring out the best in this move.

The 9 silhouettes begin to rotate in the same pattern as the 9 revolving meteors in Qin Yu’s dantian. Suddenly, the 9 golden silhouettes merge into one in the blink of an eye, becoming an extremely dazzling meteor. Its light can even be seen clearly from 1000 li away.

Nine Meteors Unification, Meteor Strike!

Di Long’s eyes also glitter with fierceness. He accelerates again and his internal demonic elemental energy totally bursts forth. Di Long has gone all out.

Bang!

The violent collision sends a shock wave through the air in all directions. The other 3 Purple Demon aquatic dragons are dumbstruck right away. They only see that, in an instant, Di Long switches back to his human form and his whole body is dyed red by the blood coming out of his mouth.

Qin Yu also falls down powerlessly from the sky. His face is miserably pale and his whole body has been reddened by blood too.

Mutual destruction!

“It was unexpectedly mutual destruction. To be brothers with Hou Fei, looks like this Qin Yu fella also got some special skills.” Old Freak Three-Eyed exclaims.

Azure Dragon also praises Qin Yu.

However, was it really mutual destruction?

Di Long’s body has been severely injured so he indeed cannot fight anymore, but his yuanying is still at the late Dongxu stage. In contrast, Qin Yu’s bodily injuries are not very bad, but the most important energy nuclei in his body, the 9 meteors, have been burnt off so he has suffered a huge loss of power.

Because of the violent collision, his muscles have torn and even his internal organs have been damaged. Various clear streams from the Meteoric Tear are covering the injured places in his body like trickles of clear water, giving him a very comfortable feeling. With effort, Qin Yu controls his body and rides his flying sword into the sky.

Di Xu immediately changes into his human form and holds badly injured Di Long up. Di Long, however, takes a look at Qin Yu and Hou Fei with a grim expression and orders: “Kill Hou Fei first then kill Qin Yu!” Now Hou Fei is defenseless while Qin Yu is seriously injured.

“Yes, big brother.”

Di Nai and Di Jian are still in the Purple Demon aquatic dragon form. Deep, heavy noises rise from their stomachs. Afterwards, the 2 of them rush at Hou Fei extremely fast. Qin Yu, who has been badly injured, immediately becomes very worried. He recklessly controls the Flaming Sword to fly towards them.

However, he is now seriously injured so his flying speed is too slow.

“Why haven’t you come yet, Uncle Lan?”

Seeing that he cannot stop them, Qin Yu becomes impatient.

When the 2 Purple Demon aquatic dragons are about to stick their black single horns into Hou Fei’s body --

“Roar ~~~~”

A sky-shaking roar is heard. Hou Fei, who is in the form of a giant monkey, unexpectedly transforms again. His body shrinks extremely fast. In just a moment, it reverts to its original height, which is the same as that of a normal man.

The 2 Purple Demon aquatic dragons therefore miss him, but they turn around instantly.

“No need to struggle, Hou Fei. It doesn’t matter if you transform or not, you won’t be able to escape the restraints I and Three-Eyed put on you.” There is a hint of disdain in Azure Dragon’s eyes. However, his face changes color greatly all of a sudden, as does Old Freak Three-Eyed’s face.

After turning around, the 2 Purple Demon aquatic dragons charge at Hou Fei again.

Pa!

With a shake of his hands and legs, Hou Fei unexpectedly breaks loose from Azure Dragon’s and Old Freak Three-Eyed’s shackles. He then moves his body like lightning and suddenly throws punches with his hands. Di Nai is immediately sent flying then reverts to his human form. His blood is scattered all over the air.

Hou Fei’s small fist smashes into Di Jian’s body. Di Jian is also sent flying backwards several hundred meters. However, because he is more powerful than Di Nai, he is still in his true form.

“Fei Fei.”

Qin Yu’s eyes pop out of his head.

“How is this possible?”

The eyes of Di Long, Di Jian, Di Xu and Di Nai bulge out with astonishment. Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed, who noticed there was something wrong first, are also looking at Hou Fei like looking at a monster. Teng Shan, Lou Ke and the others are looking at him in stupefaction as well.

Although at the moment Hou Fei is only as tall as a normal man, he looks totally different from before.

His hair is silvery, his eyes are golden and his mouth is purple.

Compared to when he just entered berserk mode, Hou Fei is giving off an even more terrifying feeling.

“Transformed again?!”

Azure Dragon is in disbelief. Divine beasts are already very formidable in their original forms, but those capable of transformation can even raise their formidability by one level. For example, Old Freak Three-Eyed’s 3rd eye is enough to improve his offense by one level.

However, Hou Fei unexpectedly can even transform again after entering berserk mode.

“Whoever hurts my big brother -- dies.”

He looks coldly at Di Long. With a movement of his body, he arrives at Di Long’s face. His speed is so fast that it even surpasses Qin Yu’s top speed. Even though Hou Fei’s body has become small, he is extremely dangerous at the moment.

Compared to when he was in the huge monkey form, he is currently stronger and even one level faster as well.

Di Xu beside Di Long only has enough time to immediately change into his true form. At the same time, he swings his long stick at Hou Fei. Hou Fei makes a wave of his hand. The black stick suddenly appears and smashes straight down on Di Xu’s long stick.

Bang!

With a strike of the stick, the Purple Demon aquatic dragon Di Xu transformed into is sent flying and forced to switch back to his human form. In just a while, 3 of the 4 Di brothers, Di Long, Di Xu and Di Nai, have lost all of their fighting capacity. Only Di Jian still has some power left to fight.

Hou Fei casts a look at Di Long, who is secretly frightened at once. But Hou Fei mercilessly swings his stick down. He transformed again in berserk mode because he saw Qin Yu risk his life fighting Di Long.

“Die, Hou Fei!”

However, Hou Fei’s black stick cannot go down because a stream of demonic elemental energy holds it back completely. Afterwards, a claw silhouette pierces through the air to come at him. Hou Fei fuses the black stick with his body and immediately gets away several tens li by doing a somersault.

“Azure Dragon!”

Seeing Azure Dragon, he slightly frowns. Just now, it was none other than Azure Dragon who stopped him. Despite having become quite a lot more powerful, he is still no match for Azure Dragon. After all, Azure Dragon is an early Kongming stage divine beast.

Hou Fei is merely a late Yuanying stage divine beast. Even though he has transformed twice, there is still a big gap in power between them. If he were at the late Dongxu stage, he would definitely be able to defeat Azure Dragon, but he has only reached the late Yuanying stage.

“Three-Eyed, perhaps not even you can imagine what kind of divine beast this Hou Fei fella is, right? Are you going to ignore such a threat?” Azure Dragon says smilingly to Three-Eyed.

“Of course not.”

Because Old Freak Three-Eyed is using an illusion technique, he looks like a green-clad boy. At this moment, the midpoint between his eyebrows suddenly splits, revealing a vertical eye. A dark green shaft of light shoots straight at Hou Fei from this eye in an instant.

Old Freak Three-Eyed has used a ruthless move right from the beginning.

Bang!

Hou Fei executes a strike by waving his stick. The dark green shaft of light hits the black stick. Hou Fei is sent flying backwards but the stick remains intact.

“What kind of holy weapon is that black stick?” Old Freak Three-Eyed is shocked.

The power of a top-grade holy weapon varies according to the power of the user whereas this critical attack of Old Freak Three-Eyed is extremely powerful. In his opinion, given Hou Fei’s power, even if the black stick was a top-grade holy weapon, it would have at least suffered some damage, but it was not damaged at all.

“What kind of holy weapon? It’s your grandpa’s stove poker, specially used to smash toads like you.”

Hou Fei roars wildly.

At this point, he no longer cares about tact and diplomacy. When someone wants to kill him, does he have to stand still to get killed? Moving like a flash, he arrives at the side of Old Freak Three-Eyed instantly and swings his stick down.

Clang!

The black stick and Old Freak Three-Eyed’s lustrous right hand clash, but a metallic noise is heard.

“Are you still holding back, Three-Eyed?”

Azure Dragon roars furiously. In the blink of an eye, an extremely terrifying amount of demonic elemental energy surges forth from the surface of his body and covers an area of space that is several tens li in radius. Unable to dodge in time, Hou Fei is restrained by this seemingly limitless amount of energy and his speed drops sharply as a result.

He struggles but the restraining force becomes more and more powerful.

“Hou Fei, your true form is extremely rare and capable. Too bad you’re only at the late Yuanying stage. If you had reached the late Dongxu stage, today both Three-Eyed and I would be no match for you. With a divine beast like you around, perhaps even my dragon clan won’t be able to rest easy. So, how can I let you live?”

At this moment, badly injured Di Long frowns: “Dragon clan?”

To his knowledge, Azure Dragon is the only azure dragon in the Azure Dragon Palace, so where is the dragon clan from? Suddenly an idea pops into his mind. He has come up with a possibility, but he hides it at the bottom of his heart because killing Hou Fei and Qin Yu is the most important thing right now.

When Azure Dragon is executing the killing blow --

“Ah ~~”

Hou Fei suddenly trembles in pain. Afterwards, his body gradually changes. From having silvery hair and golden eyes, he reverts to his original form, which looks like a normal monkey. Now he is totally powerless, as if suffering a serious illness.

“Ha-ha, looks like your transformation isn’t free of negative effects.”

Azure Dragon laughs out loud.

Hou Fei is both anxious and angry. According to his hereditary memories, berserk mode will make his body’s bones and muscles hurt after using it, but it does not have any side effects or time limits. However, in theory, its 2nd transformation is not something Hou Fei can do at his current level.

It was only because he was too worried and extremely furious that he successfully transformed twice. But he was unable to stay in that form for long and, worse still, now he does not even have enough strength to raise his hand.

“This monkey was very arrogant moments ago, but now he got no power and is easy meat.” Old Freak Three-Eyed says laughingly. At the moment he is not worried in the least. Without power, a divine beast is no different from a bedbug.

He casts a glance at Azure Dragon: “Why haven’t you killed him, Azure Dragon?”

“I give you this chance, Three-Eyed. This monkey is an extremely rare divine beast, so why don’t you kill him?” Azure Dragon appears very magnanimous. Now he and Old Freak Three-Eyed are totally carefree. However, he suddenly looks doubtfully at Qin Yu.

Not long ago he saw Qin Yu go all out for Hou Fei.

So logically, now Qin Yu should be extremely anxious because they are about to kill Hou Fei, but Qin Yu does not look anxious at all and there is even a faint smile on his face. Why?

“Uncle Lan!”

Qin Yu immediately salutes and says. Seeing Uncle Lan suddenly appear with a big smile on his face, looking completely unworried, Qin Yu knows that nothing bad will happen to Hou Fei and naturally becomes relaxed.

Hearing Qin Yu’s voice, Hou Fei opens his eyes wide in disbelief and looks in the distance with joy and surprise: “Master!”

Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed are shocked. If they cannot detect someone behind them, obviously this individual is much more powerful than they are. They turn around to see at once --

Uncle Lan’s blue clothes are fluttering. There is a faint, indifferent smile on his face.

“You were too rash, Fei Fei.”

He makes a wave of his sleeve. A beam of light is shot into Hou Fei’s body. In just a moment, Hou Fei’s injuries are unexpectedly healed, as if they never existed.

End of b7c8.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7, 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C9: Whose fault?

Uncle Lan frowns when he sees that powerful demonic elemental energy restraining Hou Fei, his eyes radiating a tinge of coldness.

That cold light makes the hearts of Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed skip a beat like a thunderbolt from the 9th Heaven.

“Get lost!”

With a wave of his sleeve, Uncle Lan sends out a soft yet extremely enormous force. Even though Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed are acknowledged as the 2 top experts of this overseas Xiuzhen world, this force sends them flying several hundred li without giving them any chances to resist at all. They can do absolutely nothing!

Everybody’s eyes pop out of their head!

The 4 Di brothers look at this middle-aged man, who just appeared all of a sudden, in stupefaction. This man is too strong, simply too strong. With just a wave of his sleeve, he has sent the absolute no. 1 and no. 2 super experts of the overseas Xiuzhen world flying several hundred li.

Teng Shan, Lou Ke and everybody else are so frightened that they do not dare to say anything. The fact that their bosses were sent flying has terrified them horribly.

“Master.” Hou Fei says laughingly.

Qin Yu cannot suppress the astonishment on his face. Even though he knew that Uncle Lan was very powerful, he did not expect Uncle Lan to be super-powerful like this! Who is Overlord Azure Dragon? He is an early Kongming stage divine beast, which is comparable to Dujie stage Xiuxianists, no less!

Someone as strong as Dujie stage Xiuxianists was sent flying several hundred li helplessly with a wave of Uncle Lan’s sleeve. What level of power is this? Perhaps even immortals are only this powerful.

“What’s the matter, Xiao Yu?” Uncle Lan looks smilingly at Qin Yu.

Hou Fei says laughingly: “Big brother must be amazed by your power, master. Humph, humph, those 2 fellas are pretty strong but I was still able to exchange a couple moves with them. They can bully me, but do they dare to be cocky in front of you?”

At the moment Hou Fei is holding his head high and looking around like a complacent rooster.

On one side, the 4 Di brothers do not dare to utter a word. In fact, they are talking to each other urgently via holy sense communication.

“Big brother, didn’t you say what Qin Yu had said about his school was false? But now Hou Fei calls that expert master and Qin Yu also calls him uncle. It seems they belong to some school.” Di Xu is about to cry.

Di Long is also feeling a bitter taste in his mouth.

“Well, don’t blame me. How could I have known? Who could’ve thought that what Qin Yu said was true? If he really got such strong backing, why did he still follow 6th brother obediently to the Nine Demons Hall?” Now his anger is all gone.

The no. 1 and no. 2 experts of the overseas Xiuzhen world were sent flying several hundred li with just a wave of a sleeve. What power level is this?

They are totally powerless against someone so strong and can only accept whatever will be done to them.

Originally they wanted to seek revenge but now they are in no mood for that. After all, the difference in power is too great, so great that it is insurmountable. If the enemy wants to kill the 4 of them, just a wave of his hand will suffice.

“Now we can only hope that this super expert spares our lives.” Even haughty Di Jian does not have any arrogance for the moment.

To be haughty, one must be powerful.

A kid who behaves arrogantly in front of a big man is a stupid kid.

The Di brothers have no choice but to hope that the opponent spares their lives this time. But just now they were very determined to kill Qin Yu and Hou Fei, so will he really do so? At least they cannot be sure if they will be spared or not, because this is totally up to the opponent.

......

The moment Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed are sent flying, they both know that they have run into an iron panel.

They are sent flying several hundred li without being able to put up any resistance. Afterwards, that enormous force disappears instantly. Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed regain balance at once, but they do not run away hurriedly at all.

Run away?

How could they dare to? Judging from that move alone, they can already know that the opponent is an extremely powerful expert. Given his power, it is completely useless for them to run away. Only by facing the opponent and having him spare their lives will they be able to live in safety later.

“Azure Dragon, you know a lot so what power level do you think he has reached?” Old Freak Three-Eyed swallows nervously and says with fright. Now there is not one bit of arrogance left in him. The fact that the opponent is too strong has scared the life out of him.

Azure Dragon ponders frowningly for a while then says: “Dacheng stage experts can send us flying but they can’t send us flying several hundred li. This man did this to us with such an easy wave of his sleeve, giving us absolutely no chance to resist and not harming us in the least, so he can only be ...”

“An immortal?”

Old Freak Three-Eyed says uncertainly.

Azure Dragon says with a nod: “Yes, he’s got an immortal’s power.”

“Don’t immortals all ascend to a higher world? How can he ...?” Even though Old Freak Three-Eyed is fairly powerful, he is far less knowledgeable than Azure Dragon. After all, Azure Dragon is a member of the legendary dragon clan so he was taught by his seniors.

Azure Dragon says: “Today I’m going to tell you something. Immortals ascend to a higher world but there are still loose immortals. A loose immortal has to go through 12 tribulations. They become much stronger every time they overcome a tribulation. Those who have overcome the 4th tribulation are comparable to level-1 immortals in power.”

“Level-1 immortals?” Old Freak Three-Eyed frowns.

Azure Dragon says disdainfully: “Of course you don’t know this. Let me tell you something. There are 9 levels for immortals while loose immortals have to undergo 12 tribulations. A 12th tribulation loose immortal is as powerful as a level-9 immortal. A 4th tribulation loose immortal is as powerful as a level-1 immortal. This world’s got no immortals, but it’s got loose immortals. According to legend, the power of 12th tribulation loose immortals is basically ...”

Azure Dragon only continues after thinking for a long time: “Well, they can kill you like squashing an ant. They can also kill Dacheng experts like squashing ants.”

Only now does Old Freak Three-Eyed understands that no matter how good he is, there is always someone better than him.

He and Azure Dragon are considered super experts in this overseas Xiuzhen world, but they are simply not in the same league as those loose immortals.

“How many loose immortal tribulations do you think that mysterious expert has gone through?” Old Freak Three-Eyed asks doubtfully.

Azure Dragon thinks for a while, recalling the occasions on which he saw the true power of some seniors in his clan, and says slowly: “This mysterious expert is too powerful for me to give an exact estimation. But ... I feel that he must at least be a 6th tribulation loose immortal!”

“At least a 6th tribulation loose immortal? Then that means he’s at least comparable to a level-3 immortal?” Old Freak Three-Eyed swallows his saliva. Now he finally understands how powerful the opponent is.

Azure Dragon says with a nod: “Let’s go. Even if I went back to my clan, the experts in my clan wouldn’t allow me to offend such an expert. Also ... 6th tribulation loose immortal is only my lowest estimation. It’s simply impossible for me to tell exactly how powerful he is.”

Old Freak Three-Eyed also understands this. When someone is far too stronger than you, you really cannot judge their power.

Azure Dragon had to base his estimation on the manner of his senior experts in the dragon clan and so on. He himself is too weak. With his status and position, the strongest experts he has met in the dragon clan were merely 6th tribulation loose demons. And he feels that in terms of manner, those seniors are inferior to the mysterious man just now.

However, to those like Azure Dragon, there are basically no differences between 6th tribulation loose immortals and 12th tribulation ones because they stand absolutely no chance against any of these loose immortals.

“Let’s go back and wait for his decisions.” Azure Dragon hurriedly urges.

He knows that if he shows an expert like that his respect and willingness to be punished, given their superior status, they will probably do nothing to him, but if he acts arrogantly to them, it is easy to imagine how he will end up.

“All right.”

Not daring to say much, Old Freak Three-Eyed immediately flies back together with Azure Dragon.

......

“I always feel that you are very powerful, Uncle Lan, but I never expected you to be ...” Qin Yu says smilingly. However, before he can finish his sentence, he is interrupted by Hou Fei.

“Ha-ha, you didn’t expect my master to be so powerful, right? That’s easy to understand. How can Hou Fei’s master be ordinary?” Hou Fei says proudly with loud laughs, as if just now it was he who sent Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed flying several hundred li. Hearing his loud laughter, Qin Yu can only smile.

Uncle Lan says in an unconcerned manner: “That little azure dragon and little toad are pretty strong in the overseas Xiuzhen world, but the real Xiuzhen world is limitless. You simply can’t imagine its magnitude.”

“Besides, there is also what is called the immortal world above the Xiuzhen world. Xiao Yu, you must look far ahead a bit. Your technique is very unique. I think ... it’s got huge potential. If you keep practicing it, even I can’t predict your future accomplishments.”

Uncle Lan’s words make Qin Yu’s heart excited for a while.

He certainly knows that these are words of encouragement but he is extremely confident in the Stellar Transformations technique that he has been practicing. The Xiuyao way, the Xiumo way and the Xiuxian way all require a practitioner to form a jindan then a yuanying whereas he imitates the boundless cosmos.

“I’ll try my best.” Qin Yu says with a nod.

Uncle Lan nods then says smilingly: “That little azure dragon and little toad are coming.” Qin Yu and Hou Fei immediately look back. They see Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed flying extremely fast towards them with very respectful expressions, just like the expression of child when meeting his teacher.

“It is an honor to meet you, senior. I am Yan Lang of the dragon clan.” Azure Dragon bows and says.

The eyes of Teng Shan, Lou Ke, their subordinates, and even the Di brothers all brighten. They have never known Azure Dragon’s real name and have always called him Overlord Azure Dragon. Now they have heard his real name.

“It is an honor to meet you, senior. I am Three-Eyed.” Old Freak Three-Eyed says respectfully. He does not have an impressive background because he is the only Three-Blue-Eyed toad. He gave himself the name Three-Eyed to show his uniqueness.

Uncle Lan nods his head.

“Dragon clan? The Yan family is a fairly powerful family in the dragon clan.” Uncle Lan is totally unconcerned. Hearing what he said, Yan Lang is even more respectful because experts who know well about the situation inside the dragon clan are exceptionally rare, and they do not include ordinary loose immortals.

Uncle Lan gives Old Freak Three-Eyed a look and says smilingly: “Three-Blue-Eyed toad, perhaps you’re one of a kind in this Xiuzhen world.”

Hearing this, Old Freak Three-Eyed is immediately delighted and beams proudly.

Uncle Lan suddenly says with a frown: “This time, my disciple and nephew are going on a journey in the overseas Xiuzhen world north of the Chaotic Astral Ocean, why did you want to kill my disciple and why did you injure Xiao Yu badly? Give me a clear explanation.”

Even though these words are said very indifferently and do not contain even a hint of anger, Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed are both terrified.

They know well that the answers they give now can even determine their little lives.

“Senior, this, this was because those Nine Demons Hall little worms were too excessive. They even wanted to let a terror jellyfish absorb Qin Yu ...”

“Let a terror jellyfish absorb him?” Uncle Lan raises his eyebrows, showing his killing intent. The Di brothers, who are observing him constantly in the distance, are terrified at once. Ignoring serious injuries, Di Long hurriedly comes over, bows and says: “Senior, I am Di Long of the Nine Demons Hall. What Overlord Azure Dragon said is not the truth ...”

“Shut up.” Uncle Lan says gently.

Immediately, Di Long dares to say no more. Uncle Lan looks at Azure Dragon, saying: “You can continue.” He then casts a glance at Di Long and brothers: “Later do not interrupt when someone is talking. Take turns to tell me. There’ll be a chance for you to talk so there’s no need to be anxious.” The 4 Di brothers are even more terrified but they do not dare to say anything and can only listen.

Azure Dragon says with a nod: “The Nine Demons Hall’s 8th majesty was killed so they sent 3 brothers to capture Qin Yu and bring him in for interrogation.”

Now Uncle Lan gives Qin Yu a look and smiles. Qin Yu can only pretend that he is focusing on something else. Uncle Lan knew that he killed 8th majesty long ago, but Uncle Lan is not a moralist.

“Brother Qin Yu is very nice so he followed the 3 majesties to the Nine Demons Hall and never tried to escape on the way. But when he arrived in the Nine Demons Hall, he was met with the prospect of getting absorbed by a terror jellyfish. Three-Eyed and I couldn’t stand watching this so we secretly sent subordinates to rescue him.”

When Azure Dragon talks to this point, Old Freak Three-Eyed nods in agreement.

“Xiao Yu, is this what happened?” Uncle Lan looks at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu immediately nods and says smilingly: “Uncle Lan, at that time I was being locked up in a prison and couldn’t escape. Senior Overlord Azure Dragon’s and senior Three-Eyed’s subordinates really helped me get out of it.”

“Brother Qin Yu, don’t call us seniors or something. When your uncle is such an expert, how can we be qualified to be your seniors? Just calling us by our names is enough.” Old Freak Three-Eyed tells Qin Yu in a friendly manner.

Uncle Lan nods and says: “All right, you can continue.”

Azure Dragon says with a nod: “Knowing that he had nearly got eaten, brother Qin Yu was furious and took the Nine Demons Hall’s Treasure Storing Palace away directly to vent his anger. The Nine Demons Hall was ruthless to him so his retaliation is perfectly normal. However, the Nine Demons Hall’s brothers then got into action, determined to kill him, which led to this fight on this black rock island.”

Old Freak Three-Eyed says without delay: “Senior, on this black rock island, brother Qin Yu was confined in the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation of the Nine Demons Hall’s brothers. It is I who destroyed that formation with my 3rd eye, releasing him.”

Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed talk in concert with each other, claiming only credit for what they did and trying to put all the blame on the ‘heinously guilty’ Nine Demons Hall.

The 4 Di brothers feel miserable but they are not allowed to cut in and can only get worried on the side.

Qin Yu stands quietly beside Uncle Lan and does not interrupt either. However, Hou Fei is very complacent. After listening for a long time, Uncle Lan is still very calm and not angry with the Nine Demons Hall’s brothers, but the 4 Di brothers’ thoughts are in turmoil.

End of b7c9.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C10: Stellar Tower

Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed do their utmost to talk about their good deeds because they know that ... they simply cannot deny wanting to kill Hou Fei. Now they are talking so much only because they hope that Uncle Lan spares their lives this time.

“You 2 rescued Xiao Yu from the prison and destroyed the Great Six Harmonies Heavenly Gates Formation to save him.” Uncle Lan nods. Suddenly he says with a frown: “But just now I saw with my own eyes that you wanted to kill my disciple. Can you explain a bit what was going on?”

Azure Dragon’s and Old Freak Three-Eyed’s hearts become totally tense and they feel bitter in their mouths.

“Oh? Three-Eyed, you talk first.” Uncle Lan looks at Old Freak Three-Eyed and tells him.

At the moment Old Freak Three-Eyed does not look like an old freak at all. Instead, he looks like a green-clad lovely boy. If mortals were to see him, they would think that he is a lovely boy from a certain family.

“Senior, this, this ...” He is thinking like lightning. He is now worried like an ant on a hot pan, but he has to answer why he wanted to kill the opponent’s disciple. His answer to this question can become evidence and give the opponent a reason to kill him.

Suddenly, an idea pops into his mind.

Old Freak Three-Eyed says: “Senior, we got into action this time because of the Nine Demons Hall’s majesties.” He gives the 4 Di brothers a look while smiling. The Di brothers however look at him angrily.

“The Nine Demons Hall, the Blue Water Mansion and the Azure Dragon Palace are the 3 major powers in the underwater Xiuzhen world. There is some friendship between us at any rate. Hou Fei killed 2 majesties of the Nine Demons Hall, Di Luan and Di Feng, so Di Long and the others were enraged and wanted to kill Hou Fei. However, brother Hou Fei was too strong so they could not do anything. As their allies, naturally we had to get into action to help them.”

By giving this excuse, Old Freak Three-Eyed claims little responsibility for what happened.

Azure Dragon also says hurriedly: “It was exactly so, senior. Whatever happens, there is more than 1000 years of friendship between the Nine Demons Hall and us so it was impossible for us not to help them.”

In fact, it was only because Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed saw that Hou Fei is an overly formidable divine beast and poses a threat too big to them that they decided to kill him. But of course this truth must not be told, or else they would most probably lose their little lives.

Uncle Lan’s expression turns cold as before.

Old Freak Three-Eyed and Azure Dragon immediately feel their blood freeze, as if they have fallen into a bottomless abyss.

Uncle Lan says indifferently: “If I hadn’t rushed to this place today, my disciple would have been murdered by you. Though you say that you were only helping someone else, the fact that you wanted to kill my disciple is indisputable and undeniable.”

Old Freak Three-Eyed and Azure Dragon exchange a look then bow at once and say in unison: “We were foolish at that time, senior. We hope you could have mercy on us.”

Uncle Lan ponders, not saying a word.

Azure Dragon’s and Old Freak Three-Eyed’s hearts are trembling in fear. They know that this mysterious expert is considering. Uncle Lan ponders for just a short time, but to them, every second of it feels like a year.

“Um, you wanted to kill my disciple so you should be killed, but considering that you saved Xiao Yu, I spare your lives this time. If you commit this kind of offense again later, then don’t blame me for being merciless.” Uncle Lan says indifferently.

Old Freak Three-Eyed and Azure Dragon feel the whole world come alive, as if they have returned from Hell.

“Thank you for your mercy, senior.”

They hurriedly bow and say.

“Remember my master’s words. If you recommit this offense later, humph ...” Hou Fei says with a cold humph. Hearing this, Azure Dragon immediately curses in his mind: “Only an idiot would try to kill you again after knowing you’re backed by an expert at least as strong as a 6th tribulation loose immortal. Do I look like I have a death wish?”

As both Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed are smart, they give him their word.

“Nine Demons Hall’s 4 brats, you have something to tell me, right? Feel free to tell me now.” Uncle Lan looks at the 4 Di brothers.

Di Long takes a deep breath. Now he is under a very great pressure because what he says will determine his and his brothers’ lives.

“Tell him everything, big brother. Even if we have to die, we’ll die together.” Di Jian looks at him and says. Di Nai and Di Xu also nod at him. When there is a glimmer of hope, Xiuyaoists will stoop to compromise, for example, Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed. But when there is no hope of surviving, they will try to die with some integrity.

The 4 Di brothers basically think that there is no hope left for them. In their opinion, if someone did to them what they did to Qin Yu, they would kill the offender quickly.

“Things were very simple, senior. My 8th brother was killed so I wanted to investigate who the killer was and Qin Yu was the one who had information. So, I captured him and prepared to have a terror jellyfish absorb him and get his memories, thus finding out the killer’s identity. Afterwards, Qin Yu escaped and took our Nine Demons Hall’s Treasure Storing Palace away. We chased him all the way to this palace. What happened later has been told by Overlord Azure Dragon and Grand Founder Three-Eyed so I’m not going to talk about it again.”

Di Long gives his account straightforwardly using just several sentences.

Di Jian also says: “We had to avenge our brothers’ deaths, senior. If you want to kill us then feel free to kill us.” Di Nai and Di Xu look at Uncle Lan too.

“Ha-ha ...”

Uncle Lan suddenly laughs out loud: “Juniors, I don’t like to argue with you so at first I was ready to give you a way out, but you’re unexpectedly seeking death, then I’ll fulfill your wish, sending you off to the Underworld.”

After saying so, he is about to wave his sleeve.

“Hold it.”

Di Long immediately shouts. Uncle Lan stops and looks at him with a seemingly smiling expression. He kneels down at once, saying respectfully: “Senior, it was stupid of the 4 of us to behave disrespectfully. Our dream is to one day overcome the 9-From-9th Heaven Tribulation and achieve ascension. Since you are magnanimous, I hope you could give us a chance to fulfill it. If you want to kill someone, please kill me alone. What my brother said just now, he did not really mean it.”

Uncle Lan gives a smile.

“Di Long,” says he.

Di Long immediately shows that he is ready to listen with respect.

“Di Long, the affection you and your brothers in the Nine Demons Hall have for each other is pretty good, but you treat outsiders like trash and kill them at will. Take Xiao Yu for example. You hadn’t found out if there were any feuds between him and you, but you already prepared to kill him right away. Such an act is fairly cruel,” Uncle Lan reprimands.

The 4 Di brothers bow and listen to him. They simply do not dare to disagree.

Uncle Lan continues: “Even though the path of Xiuzhen goes against Heaven and most Xiuzhenists are selfish, when you first knew about your 8th brother’s death, you immediately prepared to massacre all possible killers. You would rather kill 1000 wrongly than release a suspect. An action like that has gone beyond the boundary of selfishness.”

He says smilingly: “Today I can tell you something. Xiao Yu is the one who killed your 8th brother. What are you going to do now?” When the Di brothers hear this, their faces change color.

Qin Yu says with a nod: “It’s true. That day Di Tong killed Cha Hong and wanted to seize the 8th jade sword. I then took an opportunity to get into action, killed him and obtained the jade sword.” Qin Yu turns his hand over. A jade sword appears on it.

Azure Dragon’s and Old Freak Three-Eyed’s eyes brighten for a while.

The Di brothers take a look at the sword. Di Long says respectfully without delay: “You are really formidable, brother Qin Yu. We brothers are not fools either. Fighting for treasures is a matter of life and death. My 8th brother died because he was not as good as you. There is nothing we can do about it, and we have to keep on living.”

Now Di Long has lost the will to seek revenge.

Revenge? If he kept seeking it, perhaps he would lose his life without being able to touch a hair of the enemy.

......

After talking for some time, eventually Uncle Lan does not kill anyone.

“I have a suggestion, senior.” Azure Dragon suddenly says.

Old Freak Three-Eyed immediately tells him via holy sense communication: “Have you become stupid, Azure Dragon? This senior hasn’t killed us, so we better go as soon as possible. If he changes his mind, we’ll be in big trouble.” He is selfish so naturally he cares about his little life the most.

“Speak.” Uncle Lan looks at Azure Dragon and says.

Azure Dragon says smilingly: “Now 5 of the Nine Demons Hall’s brothers are gone and there are only 4 of them left. The Nine Demons Hall basically cannot rank alongside the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion anymore. Today they do not have enough power to occupy that 90 million radius area of water.”

“What do you mean, Overlord Azure Dragon?” Di Long’s face changes color.

In the past, when all of his brothers were still alive, they could deal with Azure Dragon or Old Freak Three-Eyed by setting up formations together, but now 5 of them are dead. Despite the living being the strongest among them, there are only 4 of them remaining so they simply cannot set up formidable formations and are indeed no longer comparable to the Blue Water Mansion and the Azure Dragon Palace.

“What do I mean?” Azure Dragon gives a smile. “Majesty Di Long, could it be you still think that you are powerful enough to occupy that 90 million li radius area? Now I suggest that you cede the half of the Nine Demons Hall’s territory next to the Qian Long continent to the Blood-red Cave. Given brother Qin Yu’s and brother Hou Fei’s power, they should have no difficulties managing it.”

“That’s a good idea!”

Old Freak Three-Eyed agrees instantly. But he curses Azure Dragon for being a bootlicker in his mind.

Hou Fei’s eyes brighten: “Good, there are 8 caves under the Nine Demons Hall. Well, there’s no need to take exact measurements and we don’t want much either, so just give us the 2 caves next to the Blood-red Cave. All in all, we’ll have 3 caves.” When this matter is brought up, Hou Fei is excited the most.

“What’s your opinion, majesty Di Long?” Azure Dragon looks at Di Long.

Hou Fei also looks frowningly at Di Long.

He has no choice but to say: “Everybody already knows how powerful brother Hou Fei is. He and brother Qin Yu are surely good enough to control the territories of 3 caves, so we’ll give the Blood-red Cave a 30 million li radius area of water.”

Azure Dragon suddenly says again: “Brother Qin Yu, brother Hou Fei, my Azure Dragon Palace’s territory is next to the western boundary of the Blood-red Cave. I’ll also give the Blood-red Cave 2 caves of my subordinates, what do you think?”

“Ha-ha, you’re really generous, Overlord Azure Dragon. Di Long gives us 2 caves and you also give us 2 caves’ territories.” Hou Fei deliberately emphasizes the word ‘generous.’

Azure Dragon gives a few hollow laughs.

The Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion control extremely large territories, much larger than the Nine Demons Hall’s, so they do not suffer a big loss when giving Qin Yu the territories of 2 caves.

Hou Fei immediately casts his glittering eyes on Old Freak Three-Eyed, who forces a smile and says at once: “My Blue Water Mansion will also give you the 2 caves next to the eastern boundary of the Blood-red Cave.”

Thus, Qin Yu and Hou Fei have obtained 6 caves in a short while. With the addition of their original cave, they now control 7 caves, outnumbering the 5 caves under the Nine Demons Hall.

Hou Fei says with a frown: “Hmm, at any rate we’ve become the no. 3 underwater power.” When the Di brothers hear this, there is even more bitterness on their faces. Hou Fei continues: “But are we still going to be called Blood-red Cave? This is just the name given by Cha Hong in the beginning. It must be changed, completely changed.”

Qin Yu also nods.

The name has to be changed indeed. When the other powers are called Nine Demons Hall, Blue Water Mansion and Azure Dragon Palace, how could he possibly use ‘Blood-red Cave’?

Azure Dragon immediately laughs out loud and proposes: “Ha-ha, I think not only must the name be changed, the original cave must also undergo a big redesigning and reconstruction process. Its size must be expanded at least 10 times. When you have 7 caves, you should at least have a mansion that matches their scale, right?”

“Uncle Lan, could you help us think of a name?”

Qin Yu thought for a long time but was unable to come up with a good name. Hearing that, Uncle Lan gives him a look and says: “Xiao Yu, there are close affinities between you and stars so let’s use the name Stellar Tower. As for the new design, it doesn’t have to be too luxurious and too big. Being small and delicate will do.”

“All right, then the new name is Stellar Tower.”

Qin Yu makes up his mind. In fact, he does not want to build a big, luxurious palace either because he dislikes showiness.

“Stellar Tower, this name is nothing special.” Hou Fei winks a couple of times and grimaces. “We can only sound impressive if we use the name Lord Hou’s Mansion. My mansion, Lord Hou’s Mansion, kaka, not bad, not bad ...”

Pa!

Uncle Lan gives him a tap in the head. Hou Fei immediately stops talking.

“Overlord Azure Dragon, please help me spread a message that this day 3 years later will be the official opening ceremony of my Stellar Tower.” Qin Yu salutes Azure Dragon and says.

Overlord Azure Dragon says smilingly with a nod: “Don’t worry, brother Qin Yu. I’ll definitely help you spread the message.”

“Let’s go. This place is pretty far from the Blood-red Cave so I’m taking you back.” Uncle Lan holds Qin Yu’s and Hou Fei’s arms then the 3 of them disappear into thin air.

“Teleportation?”

The heart of everybody present trembles. According to legend, this is a technique that only immortals can use. Moreover, Uncle Lan has teleported 2 other individuals with him. What level of power is this?

“Azure Dragon, how powerful is he to be able to teleport 2 others with him?” Old Freak Three-Eyed looks at Azure Dragon.

Azure Dragon secretly lets out a sigh. After calming down, he says: “I don’t know. To my knowledge, you have to be a 4th tribulation loose immortal at least to teleport. This senior can teleport 2 others with him, this power level ... I can only know what it is after asking the seniors in my clan. Right, I’ll have to tell the Penglai Immortal Region and the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon about the Stellar Tower too.”

Old Freak Three-Eyed nods his head.

Qin Yu and Hou Fei are fairly powerful and they are supported by that mysterious Uncle Lan so, in reality, there are 6 major powers in the overseas Xiuzhen world from now on instead of 5.

End of b7c10.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C11: Spatial collapse

Most inhabitants of the Qian Long continents are mortals. Next to the southern boundary of the Qian Long continent, there is a seemingly boundless area of water, which has a number of immortal islands. Several hundred proximate islands hundreds of millions of li to the south of the Qian Long continent form a region -- the Penglai Immortal Region. This is the center for overseas Xiuxianists.

The Penglai Immortal Region has a great number of schools and its several hundred islands are all extremely large. In general, each island has millions of mortal humans and over 1000 Xiuxianists. Therefore, Xiuxianists in the Penglai Immortal Region are counted by the hundred thousand.

Even though there are very many schools in the Penglai Immortal Region, the Qingxu Temple is the leading one.

This Qingxu Temple does not have many students. Compared to the other schools in the Penglai Immortal Region, it has an average number of members. However, it has a grand elder called Reverend Yan Xu, who has reached the late Kongming stage and is only one step away from the Dujie stage. This person is none other than the top figure of the Penglai Immortal Region.

On the Qingxu Island in the Penglai Immortal Region,

Thanks to the several tens holy-energy-gathering formations that have been set up on the island, the density of holy energy on the island is 10 times higher than that of a normal area of water. The closer it is to the center of the Qingxu Island, the thicker holy energy is. Beyond certain points, holy energy is even so thick that it looks like mists. Various Xiuxianists are flying on their swords, or on air currents, or on clouds, or using photic escaping arts.

In an ancient pavilion, there is a silver-haired old man whose face is ruddy like a child’s. Sitting beside this silver-haired old man is the abbot of the Qingxu Temple, Reverend Yan Lan. And that silver-haired old man is none other than the grand elder of the Qingxu Temple, Reverend Yan Xu.

“Senior brother, only the Ziyang school has this Hundred Dewdrops Tea and they often give it to you only. If not for you, I wouldn’t be able to enjoy this kind of tea every day.” Reverend Yan Lan savors a sip of tea with great enjoyment.

Reverend Yan Xu, however, gives an indifferent smile: “That Ziyang school is very ambitious. They want to become the no. 1 in all respects. Our Qingxu Temple isn’t ambitious but we’ve got real power so it’s no wonder they’ve been toadying to me like that.”

Reverend Yan Xu is the most powerful and the no. 1 figure in the Penglai Immortal Region.

“Senior brother, the Ziyang school has several tens thousand disciples in this Penglai Immortal Region while we only have several thousand. In fact, if not for the instructions given by our school’s founder in the past, the Qingxu Temple’s disciples would have greatly outnumbered theirs long ago. Though we have a small number of disciples, our experts are stronger than theirs both at this place and on the Teng Long continent.” Reverend Yan Lan appears somewhat haughty when talking to this point.

“Junior brother, our Qingxu Temple’s practice techniques attach great importance to states of mind. To achieve great success, you have to be calm and stay away from fame and wealth. If we took in a lot of disciples and participated in factional conflicts, there’d be a foul atmosphere in the entire Qingxu Temple and our disciples wouldn’t be able to achieve great things.” Reverend Yan Xu says smilingly.

Reverend Yan Lan nods his head.

“If not for my dislike of the fact that the Teng Long continent is much more chaotic than this place because its schools have too many experts and its Xiuzhenists fight each other all the time for treasures, why would I have stayed here instead of going there?”

After saying so, Reverend Yan Lan lets out a sigh.

Suddenly, Reverend Yan Xu turns his hand over, taking out a transmitter. After making a sweep with his holy sense, he says smilingly: “Junior brother, I never thought that azure dragon of the Azure Dragon Palace would send me a message.”

“Azure Dragon? The one who also hasn’t returned to the dragon clan?” Reverend Yan Lan asks smilingly.

Reverend Yan Xu says with a nod: “Why would he want to return to the dragon clan? He’s only a junior so it’s better for him to stay here, where he can do what he wants without being controlled. Oh, the Stellar Tower ...” He stops abruptly and focuses on talking with Azure Dragon through his transmitter.

In a short while --

Reverend Yan Xu puts away the transmitter with a somewhat serious expression. He is frowning deeply. It is obvious he is pondering.

“What makes you ponder so deeply, senior brother? Could it be the 8th jade sword has appeared, or the 9th jade sword has appeared?” Reverend Yan Lan says with a smile. In the overseas Xiuzhen world, the only thing worthy of the 5 superpowers’ close attention is the 9 Swords Immortal Mansion.

Reverend Yan Xu says with a nod: “Yes, the 8th jade sword has appeared.”

“Oh, where?” Reverend Yan Lan’s eyes brighten. “Senior brother, the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon has 2 jade swords, the Azure Dragon Palace has 2 as well, but our Penglai Immortal Region has only 1 ... so either this 8th jade sword or the 9th sword should go to us, right?”

Reverend Yan Xu shakes his head and says: “You can forget it. This 8th jade sword has already been taken. Besides, its owner even has a very notable background. Now the overseas Xiuzhen world’s 5 superpowers should be changed to 6 superpowers.”

“6 superpowers? Another superpower other than the Azure Dragon Palace, the Blue Water Mansion and the Nine Demons Hall has appeared in the underwater Xiuyao world?” Reverend Yan Lan quickly makes a judgement. This 6th superpower must have appeared in the underwater Xiuyao world.

The reason for this is that Xiuxianists and Xiumoists totally concentrate in the Penglai Immortal Region and the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon respectively, making it absolutely impossible for another major power to emerge on the surface of the ocean.

Reverend Yan Xu says with a nod: “Yes, it’s called Stellar Tower.”

“Stellar Tower? Who’s the tower master?” Reverend Yan Lan asks immediately. Unlike Reverend Yan Xu, who does not care about fame and wealth, he is the abbot of the Qingxu Temple so there are many things he must know.

“His name is Qin Yu. But his background is no ordinary. His brother is a divine beast, and an extremely formidable divine beast at that. His uncle is that divine beast’s master and a loose immortal!” When Reverend Yan Xu talks to this point, his tone becomes somewhat solemn.

Reverend Yan Lan’s heart skips a beat.

“A loose immortal?” He thinks extremely fast for a while. “Why would a loose immortal run north of the Chaotic Astral Ocean? Is this place even worth visiting to him?”

“Senior brother, did Azure Dragon mention the power level of that loose immortal?” Reverend Yan Lan asks without delay. Although this Qingxu Temple does not have many experts in the Penglai Immortal Region, it has a great number of experts on the Teng Long continent.

If this is a 3rd tribulation loose immortal or lower, he can still rely on his school’s reputation to deal with him.

“He’s at least a 6th tribulation loose immortal. The thing is, Azure Dragon can’t be sure. This is his most conservative estimate.” When Reverend Yan Xu said the words ‘6th tribulation loose immortal’, even he felt oppressed.

“6th tribulation loose immortal?”

Reverend Yan Lan’s face changes color greatly.

He understands the implications of a 6th tribulation loose immortal. A figure like that will be influential even on the Teng Long continent. The Qingxu Temple has been in existence for a million years, but it still has no intention of offending such an expert.

Moreover, a 6th tribulation loose immortal is just a guess, a most conservative guess. It is impossible to judge this loose immortal’s real power.

“This matter must be reported to our school on the Teng Long continent. Senior brother, generally not many loose immortals who have overcome the 4th tribulation stay on the Teng Long continent so we must treat such an expert with prudence and must not offend him.” Reverend Yan Lan hurriedly says.

Reverend Yan Xu says with a smile: “Don’t worry, junior brother. How can’t I know the implications of such an expert? The official opening ceremony of the Stellar Tower will take place this day 3 years later. I have to pass this information to the other schools in the Penglai Immortal Region. Our region must send a delegation to attend it with a big gift.”

“That’s right, a big gift.”

Reverend Yan Lan says with a nod then advises: “Senior brother, for the moment let’s not tell the other schools that the Stellar Tower is at least backed by a 6th tribulation loose immortal. Just tell them that it’s got a loose immortal and don’t mention the other things.”

Even though the Qingxu Temple is a school which ‘seeks tranquility and stays away from fame and wealth’, facing a super expert who is a 6th tribulation loose immortal at a minimum, they still have to do some thinking.

Reverend Yan Xu nods his head.

......

In the Penglai Immortal Region, the Qingxu Temple is the leader and the Ziyang school and the Lanyang school are the assistants. Below them there are 12 sects and a great number of small schools and the like.

The Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon is also hundreds of millions of li away from the Qian Long continent in the ocean. It is formed from over 100 proximate islands. However, the top figure of the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon is an expert who does not belong to a school or faction. He is called Purple-haired Dungeon King Yi Da and is extremely powerful, having reached the late phase of the Kongming stage.

There are very few people on the Dungeon King Island, Yi Da’s dwelling place, only several hundred. This island is obviously very much smaller than the other islands, each of which has several million mortals and several thousand Xiumoists.

There is a lone mountain peak in the center of the Dungeon King Island. One side of this mountain peak is completely vertical, looking like the edge of a sword.

A handsome man is sitting quietly with legs crossed and eyes closed on the lone mountain peak. Far from him on one side, 2 servants are respectfully awaiting for his orders. This man has long purple hair, which has flowed down on the ground. The strange thing is that there is not a speck of dust on it. This man is none other than Purple-haired Dungeon King Yi Da.

Yi Da suddenly opens his eyes, which flash with a seemingly invisible purple light. A transmitter then appears in his hand.

“Azure Dragon?”

He immediately begins to communicate carefully with Azure Dragon. After a while, he puts away the transmitter and says towards his back expressionlessly: “Send for the chiefs of the Yanmo school and the Yinyue Palace. I’ve got something important to discuss with them.”

“Yes.”

The 2 servants behind him bow and say. Right afterwards, they disappear on the mountain peak.

“At least a 6th tribulation loose immortal.” Yi Da bites his lip, causing drops of blood to ooze out. With an act of sticking out his tongue, he licks all of them off. Then he sits with legs crossed and eyes closed again, as if nothing ever happened.

......

Qin Yu and Hou Fei take a look ahead.

It is none other than the Blood-red Cave in front of them. They both feel their heart palpitate for a while. Goodness, there is a distance of 80 million li from the black rock island to the Blood-red Cave. It is such a long distance yet they have returned in an instant.

“Teleportation, a legendary technique they say only immortals can use.”

Qin Yu still remembers what is recorded in those Xiuzhen books. But Uncle Lan is really a bit too abnormal already because he has teleported back here directly carrying 2 others with him. At least now Qin Yu simply cannot imagine how he did that.

“Why are you stupefied, brats? It’s time to go back.” Uncle Lan says smilingly.

Hou Fei immediately wakes up from astonishment and says: “Master, I’ve never experienced teleportation before. It’s too awesome. Do you know how long it took me to follow big brother to that black rock island? One year, no less! But now I’ve come back in an instant. Have you still got any unused magic powers, master? Please let me have a taste of them.”

Hou Fei’s eyes glitter.

“I still have many magic powers, but I’m afraid you don’t have the nerve to experience them.” Uncle Lan strokes his beard and says smilingly.

Hou Fei says in a totally unconcerned manner: “I don’t have the nerve? Master, could it be you don’t know how formidable your disciple is? There’s nothing that I’m afraid of doing. If you’ve got any unused magic powers, just let me have a taste of them.”

“Fine, then I’ll let you have a taste of my ... Wind-controlling Art.” Uncle Lan says smilingly to Hou Fei.

Qin Yu’s eyes brighten. He immediately watches carefully from one side. Since he met Uncle Lan, he has only seen Uncle Lan in action once. In general, chances to see this kind of great expert in action are extremely hard to come by.

“Come at me. Feel free to come at me. Let me have a taste of that Wind-controlling Art or something.” Hou Fei is so excited that his eyes keep flashing with a red light.

“Make yourself ready.”

Uncle Lan warns him. At the same time, he sets up a restrictive spell with a range of several hundred meters around them. He does not want anybody else to see his techniques.

Hou Fei clenches his fists. The power in his entire body is activated. Now he has become fully prepared.

Uncle Lan makes a move with his hands.

“So fast!” Qin Yu’s heart gets a huge shock. Just now, he felt that it seemed Uncle Lan made several hundred or several thousand hand signs in an instant. But because this speed is too fast, he simply cannot tell exactly how many hand signs Uncle Lan made.

Uncle Lan gives a smile then points at Hou Fei in an indifferent manner: “Spin!”

A blue whirlwind enfolds Hou Fei in the blink of an eye. That blue whirlwind is about 5 to 6 m high and its diameter is small so it does not have a very large range at all, just enough to completely cover Hou Fei. It does not even affect Qin Yu, who is not far from it on one side.

Spin, spin extremely fast.

The whirlwind turns into a blue blur. Its spinning speed immediately reaches a frightening level. Concurrently with this, Hou Fei also begins to spin extremely fast and utter strange quacking noises.

Chi chi ~~~

Because the whirlwind spins too fast, the space in the immediately vicinity of it unexpectedly cannot endure the pressure caused by it and starts to collapse. After a moment, Qin Yu can see the spatial collapse clearly. The range of the collapse is a bit greater than the range of the whirlwind.

“No good.” His face changes color.

He has heard about spatial rifts like this one. Even loose immortals will probably die once falling into spatial rifts. Therefore, he cannot help worrying about Hou Fei.

However, Uncle Lan is still smiling indifferently without worries and this calms Qin Yu down a little. Now Hou Fei is being enfolded in the whirlwind and spinning nonstop extremely fast. The body of a normal man would have been twisted into pieces by such an extreme speed long ago.

The blue whirlwind is surrounded by the spatial rift but it unexpectedly is not affected by the rift’s strong consuming power at all. Qin Yu can see clearly that various streams of energy are moving chaotically in all directions inside the rift. Each of those energy streams is so powerful that it terrifies him. But when those energy streams come into contact with the blue whirlwind, they disappear immediately and therefore they do not harm Hou Fei in the least.

“Stop.”

Uncle Lan points again. The spinning speed of that blue whirlwind then gradually decreases and that spatial rift also automatically vanishes away. The ocean water fills that area of space again, as if the spatial collapse never happened.

When the blue whirlwind totally disappears, Hou Fei falls down powerlessly, his vision blurred. He murmurs: “So ... dizzy ...”

NOTE:

Teng Long continent = Rising Dragon continent

Qingxu Temple = Temple of Pure Emptiness

Ziyang school = Purple Sun school

Lanyang school = Blue Center school

Yanmo school = Flaming Devil school

Yinyue Palace = Negative Moon Palace

End of b7c11.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7, 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C12: The Teng Long continent

Now Qin Yu secretly lets out a sigh of relief, but when he sees Hou Fei look like that, he cannot help bursting into laughter.

“Fei Fei, aren’t you very brave? Just now I only showed one of my magic powers, you still want to experience the others, don’t you? That technique is just an appetizer. The ones coming after it are absolutely more formidable.” Uncle Lan says with a serious expression but his eyes are full of amusement.

Hou Fei, who is feeling dizzy in his head and weak in his limbs, immediately stands up firmly, shakes his head hard and looks at Uncle Lan, saying: “Master, I already know that you’ve got tremendous magic powers. There’s nothing but admiration for you in my heart. Your magic powers are really too excellent so please spare me.”

Hou Fei looks pitiably at Uncle Lan with his fiery eyes.

“All right.” Uncle Lan says smilingly. “Let’s stop this for the moment. You have to practice properly for me. Later you certainly can also perform this kind of skill.”

Now Qin Yu is still thinking about what happened a moment ago. When Uncle Lan was executing that Wind-controlling Art, the terrifying power of that whirlwind did not affect him, who was just 10-odd m away from it. This kind of energy-controlling technique is really outstanding.

Moreover, that whirlwind was so powerful that it tore space apart, but it did not cause Hou Fei, who was being surrounded by it, any injuries at all.

Also, after the spatial collapse, still enfolding Hou Fei, that whirlwind went into the spatial rift completely, but nothing happened to it and in the end it came out safely. This kind of magic power is really superior to that so-called spatial rift.

“Why are you stupefied, Xiao Yu? It’s time you two went back to the cave.” Uncle Lan smilingly removes the restrictive spell around them.

Qin Yu immediately says: “Uncle Lan, why don’t you go into the Blood-red Cave with me to have a rest? There are still many things I want to ask you about.” Hou Fei hurriedly says: “That’s right, master. You have never visited the Blood-red Cave before. I’ll take you on a sightseeing tour.”

Unable to dissuade Qin Yu and Hou Fei, Uncle Lan has no choice but to say: “All right, let’s go have a rest first.”

Right afterwards, the 3 of them enter the Blood-red Cave. As soon as Qin Yu and Hou Fei return, the entire Blood-red Cave becomes effervescent. Since he was taken away by 3 majesties of the Nine Demons Hall, those guardians have all been worried about whether he would be killed or not.

Seeing Qin Yu and Hou Fei return, Hei Yu is very excited. For the past year, he has been worrying about Qin Yu and been itching to immediately go to the Nine Demons Hall. However, because of Qin Yu’s strict order, he has had to be in charge in the Blood-red Cave.

Upon Qin Yu’s return this time, the Blood-red Cave holds a great feast for everybody and celebrates fervently. The 3 brothers, Qin Yu, Hou Fei and Hei Yu, also drink for a day and night. Uncle Lan, however, stays in his own place and does not go to the party.

After several days, the former tranquility is restored in the Blood-red Cave.

In the hall of a storied building in the northern part of the Blood-red Cave, Qin Yu and Uncle Lan are talking to each other while enjoying tea.

“Uncle Lan, last time that Azure Dragon mentioned the dragon clan and I also heard you mention the Chaotic Astral Ocean or something. Could you tell me about them a bit? I really feel very doubtful.” Qin Yu puts his cup down and looks at Uncle Lan, waiting for an answer.

Hearing his question, Uncle Lan immediately laughs.

“I knew you would definitely ask about this. All right, I’ll explain it to you carefully.” He also puts his cup down then arranges his thoughts a bit and slowly says: “Xiao Yu, do you know how large this ocean is?”

Qin Yu frowns then says: “The ocean south of the Qian Long continent is almost limitless. Hundreds of millions of li off the coast, there are the Penglai Immortal Region and the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon.”

“How about going south farther?” Uncle Lan asks again.

Qin Yu is startled. Afterwards, he shakes his head to show that he does not know the answer.

In fact, he has only heard about the Penglai Immortal Region and the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon from others and has never been there. Nobody knows how far they actually are. The so-called hundreds of millions of li is merely an imaginary figure. But Qin Yu knows that they must be more than 100 million li away.

Uncle Lan says with a nod: “The Qian Long continent and the area within several hundred million li of it in the south are a world where mortals and Xiuzhenists coexist. However, if you go southwards to reach the furthest boundary of this ocean, you’ll see the Chaotic Astral Ocean.”

“Chaotic Astral Ocean?” Qin Yu’s eyes brighten.

Uncle Lan says with a nod: “Yes, the Chaotic Astral Ocean. It’s different from normal oceans. There’s an invisible barrier separating the Chaotic Astral Ocean from normal oceans. This is not a barrier in its narrow sense, but a rule of nature!”

“A rule of nature?” Qin Yu is startled.

Uncle Lan nods and says: “Yes, if a Xiuzhenist goes south from the Qian Long continent, after flying several hundred million li, he’ll reach the boundary of the Chaotic Astral Ocean. He’ll see that this ocean has sky-high waves and its holy energy is extremely chaotic.”

“The Chaotic Astral Ocean is exceptionally vast. Based on what I know, with your current speed, it will take you a hundred years to go through it.” Uncle Lan says smilingly.

However, Qin Yu is astonished.

His current speed allows him to cover a million li in a day so he can go 300 million li in a year. But Uncle Lan said it would take him 100 years, so does that not mean the distance across the Chaotic Astral Ocean is several tens billion li?

“It’s very rare to see such a large planet.” Uncle Lan exclaims.

Qin Yu is startled.

“Uncle Lan, what did you say just now?” Qin Yu hurriedly asks. Ordinary Xiuzhenists may not know the concept of planets but Qin Yu knows from what he read in Lei Mountain House that there are countless planets in the universe. And the planet where he lives is a rare, extremely large one.

Uncle Lan says with a smile: “Let’s continue with the subject just now. If you spend 100 years, you can travel such a long distance, but after going into the Chaotic Astral Ocean, perhaps you’ll lose your little life within a day.”

“Why is that?”

Qin Yu asks with amazement.

“It’s because the Chaotic Astral Ocean is highly dangerous, frighteningly dangerous. Even Dujie stage experts don’t dare to go through it. Only Dacheng stage experts and some formidable loose immortals dare to go through this ocean at will.” Uncle Lan says positively.

In Qin Yu’s opinion, no matter how large an ocean is, he can cross it as long as he has enough time.

After all, tsunamis and hurricanes are not a big threat to Xiuzhenists of his caliber. However, according to what Uncle Lan said, this Chaotic Astral Ocean is not as simple as normal oceans at all.

Uncle Lan says smilingly: “Let’s not talk about the things in the Chaotic Astral Ocean for the moment. You don’t need to know about them now either. After going through this ocean, you’ll see a calm ocean, very similar to our ocean here.”

Qin Yu listens attentively.

“That ocean is quite a lot larger than ours. Going through that ocean, you’ll see a huge continent which is hundreds or thousands of times larger than the Qian Long continent. It’s called the Teng Long continent.” Uncle Lan finally mentions the Teng Long continent after talking for a long time.

Qin Yu’s eyes brighten.

So, the Teng Long continent and the Qian Long continent are separated by 2 calms oceans and the highly dangerous Chaotic Astral Ocean. The distance between the 2 continents is really too long.

“The Qian Long continent is a continent of mortals. Everything here is controlled by mortals. But the Teng Long continent is the opposite. It’s a continent of Xiuzhenists. There are so many Xiuzhenists there that they are counted by the hundred million.” Uncle Lan praises.

Qin Yu is not surprised.

After all, this overseas Xiuzhen world already has several million underwater Xiuyaoists in addition to Xiuxianists and Xiumoists. Even though it has fewer than 10 million Xiuzhenists, it must have from 7 million to 8 million Xiuzhenists.

That Teng Long continent is obviously a center for Xiuzhenists so it is normal that there are even more Xiuzhenists over there.

Uncle Lan takes a sip of tea and says: “The Qian Long continent and this ocean are called the Northern Territory. The Teng Long continent and that calm ocean north of it are called the Southern Territory. The Chaotic Astral Ocean is in the middle.”

Qin Yu nods. Now he has gained a rough understanding of the situation.

“Right, Uncle Lan, according to what you said, the Teng Long continent is very far from here, then how can those experts like Azure Dragon establish connections with that continent?” He asks doubtfully.

Uncle Lan says: “In the south, there’s an island south of the Penglai Immortal Region and the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon and near the Chaotic Astral Ocean. There’s an ancient teleport formation on it. This teleport formation can send Xiuzhenists from this side to the Teng Long continent directly without going through the Chaotic Astral Ocean.”

“Ancient teleport formation?” Qin Yu slightly ponders.

Uncle Lan continues: “Nobody knows when this ancient teleport formation came into existence, but its teleporting process is very dangerous. Only those with the power of the Kongming stage or above can go through it safely. Those who are weaker than a Kongming stage Xiuxianist will most likely die in the process.”

“Kongming stage?”

Qin Yu suddenly understands. No wonder there are so few experts who have surpassed the Kongming stage in this overseas Xiuzhen world. According to his understanding, even though it does not have many Xiuzhenists, it should have Dujie stage experts now thanks to its long-time accumulation.

However, at present, a mere early Kongming stage divine beast azure dragon is acknowledged as the no. 1 expert of the overseas Xiuzhen world. It turns out the few top experts have already gone to the Teng Long continent through that teleport formation. No wonder this situation has arisen.

“Xiao Yu.”

Uncle Lan’s expression suddenly becomes serious. Qin Yu listens to him carefully at once.

“You must remember one thing. Never go into the Chaotic Astral Ocean out of curiosity before you’re at least as powerful as a Dujie stage Xiuxianist.” Knowing the terrors of the Chaotic Astral Ocean very well, Uncle Lan naturally has to warn Qin Yu.

Qin Yu nods, but asks doubtfully: “Uncle Lan, what are the dangers of the Chaotic Astral Ocean actually?”

Uncle Lan says with a smile: “I’m going to tell you, Xiao Yu. In terms of numbers of experts, danger levels and so on, the Northern Territory is at level 1, the Southern Territory, including the Teng Long continent, is at level 3 and the Chaotic Astral Ocean is at level 10!”

Level 1, level 3 and level 10.

They enable Qin Yu to understand very clearly how dangerous the Chaotic Astral Ocean is.

“Why is the Chaotic Astral Ocean so dangerous?” He is really curious to know why this ocean is so dangerous.

Uncle Lan finally answers him.

“The Chaotic Astral Ocean has a lot of hurricanes and billows, but they aren’t a threat to Xiuzhenists. The real danger comes from 2 sources. Firstly, there are countless terrifying ferobeasts in the Chaotic Astral Ocean!” Uncle Lan’s face becomes very serious.

“Ferobeasts?” Qin Yu is startled.

Uncle Lan says with a nod: “Yes, ferobeasts! Xiao Yu, these ferobeasts are different from demonic beasts. Demonic beasts can transform into humans and become intelligent, which makes them not much different from humans. But ferobeasts are the opposite. Their intelligence is extremely low. They basically don’t take human forms and are terrifyingly bloodthirsty. Ordinary ferobeasts are as strong as Purple Demon aquatic dragons and the formidable ones can even match divine beasts.”

Qin Yu is frightened.

They are ferocious and bloodthirsty. Moreover, the ordinary ones among them are comparable to Purple Demon aquatic dragons and the formidable ones can rival divine beasts.

Do these ferobeasts not exist just to kill?

“The rules of nature are profound and mysterious so there are all kinds of strange things and nothing is impossible. The 1st main danger in the Chaotic Astral Ocean is none other than these ferobeasts. Generally, a Xiuzhenist who tries to go across this ocean will be attacked by them.” Uncle Lan says with a sigh.

Qin Yu asks without delay: “Uncle Lan, you said there are 2 main dangers, then what is the 2nd one?”

Uncle Lan takes a sip of tea then says smilingly: “The Xiuzhen worlds in both the Northern Territory and the Southern Territory have existed for more than a million years. This is such a long period of time so naturally very many experts have taken on tribulations. Those who have failed have either got their souls destroyed or become loose immortals. There are loose immortals on the Teng Long continent, but most loose immortals stay in the Chaotic Astral Ocean!”

“Ah!”

Qin Yu is astonished.

“The Chaotic Astral Ocean is very dangerous but the neidans of those ferobeasts are also treasures to loose immortals. I forgot to tell you that, unlike demonic beasts, ferobeasts cultivate neidans. Even after reaching the Dacheng stage, they still cultivate neidans.” Uncle Lan explains.

At first Qin Yu thought that ferobeasts were demonic beasts which had gone crazy, but now it looks like they are simply 2 different kinds.

Demonic beasts cultivate jindans and yuanyings and are intelligent so they are close to humans. But ferobeasts have low mental capacity, are ferocious and bloodthirsty, only cultivate neidans and cannot take human forms.

“Generally loose immortals that haven’t passed the 4th tribulation remain on the Teng Long continent because some ferobeasts that have passed the 9-From-9th Heaven Tribulation are as powerful as immortals. 4th tribulation loose immortals and the more formidable ones mostly go into the Chaotic Astral Ocean because 4th tribulation loose immortals can rival immortals.”

Uncle Lan’s eyes shine brilliantly: “The Chaotic Astral Ocean is much larger than the Northern Territory and Southern Territory. Nobody knows how many treasures it has. Also, ferobeasts are top-class medicinal materials to some formidable loose immortals. Some loose immortals are weird-tempered. If you annoy them, you’ll probably lose your life even if you are a Dacheng stage Xiuxianist, not to mention a Dujie stage one.”

Qin Yu understands this.

4th tribulation loose immortals can rival immortals while Xiuxianists at the Dacheng stage are inferior to immortals. Moreover, in the Chaotic Astral Ocean, 4th tribulation loose immortals perhaps belong to the lowest tier. There are also some super experts who stay deep underwater. Who knows whether they are 6th tribulation loose immortals or 8th tribulation ones? But they are all devastating monsters for sure.

Compared to ferobeasts, those mercurial-tempered loose immortals are even more dangerous!

However, at the moment both those fearsome ferobeasts and those terrifying loose immortals deep in the Chaotic Astral Ocean are invincible beings to Qin Yu.

“Uncle Lan, may I ask you a question?” Qin Yu looks at Uncle Lan. He suddenly desires to know how many loose immortal tribulations Uncle Lan has overcome.

End of b7c12.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7, 13
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C13: Great Heavenly Stellar Formation

“Oh?” Uncle Lan takes a sip of tea then says with a smile: “If you want to ask something then just ask.”

Qin Yu always feels that Uncle Lan’s eyes seem able to see through people’s minds. What he wants to ask, what he wants to do, Uncle Lan seems to know everything. Qin Yu even suspects that Uncle Lan has a mind-reading magic power.

After getting those wild thoughts out of his mind, he says smilingly: “Before asking that question, I want to ask you something else first. You said 4th tribulation loose immortals are equal to immortals. Could you explain the power of immortals and loose immortals in detail to me?”

Uncle Lan nods his head: “Xiao Yu, loose immortals have 12 tribulations, each of which represents a different power level. Immortals have 9 levels. 4th tribulations loose immortals are equal to level-1 immortals. 7th tribulation loose immortals are equal to level-4 immortals. And 12th tribulation loose immortals are equal to level-9 immortals.”

Qin Yu understands, but he continues to ask: “Then how about the power levels of 1st, 2nd and 3rd tribulation loose immortals?”

4th tribulation loose immortals are equal to level-1 immortals, but how powerful are the 3 preceding levels?

Uncle Lan shakes his head and says: “It’s very difficult to define them because anybody who has their physical body destroyed at the Dongxu stage can already practice as a loose immortal. Let me ask you something, Xiao Yu. Do a practitioner who abandons the body at the Dongxu stage, a loose immortal that loses the body at the Kongming stage, and a loose immortal that fails the major tribulation have the same power level?”

“Of course they don’t.”

Qin Yu answers firmly. This is a no-brainer. A Dongxu stage fellow, for example, Di Long, can practice as a loose immortal all the same if his physical body is destroyed, but how can he possibly compare with a Dujie stage loose demon?

“This is correct. In the beginning, loose immortals’ power is uneven. There’s not a definite power level for 1st tribulation loose immortals. 2nd tribulation loose immortals are roughly comparable to middle or late Dujie stage Xiuzhenists in power. This is not totally definite either. It’s very difficult to tell. 3rd tribulation loose immortals generally have the power of Dacheng stage Xiuzhenists.” Uncle Lan gives a vague answer.

Qin Yu however has a very strong belief in it.

A loose immortal that starts from the Dujie stage is certainly more powerful than a loose immortal that starts from the Dongxu stage in the beginning. Only as time passes and as they progress to later stages, the gap between them becomes increasingly smaller. In fact, the power of 4th tribulation loose immortals and above has no strong connection with their starting power levels.

“However, loose immortals who start at the Dongxu stage generally can’t overcome the 1st tribulation. The more powerful they are, the more likely they will pass this tribulation. The power of this tribulation varies from loose immortal to loose immortal, but in general, the more powerful loose immortals have bigger chances of success.” Uncle Lan says very positively.

Even though heavenly tribulations’ power changes according to attempters’ power, a strong practitioner will not more likely die than a weak one.

Qin Yu gives a smile: “All right, Uncle Lan, now I’ve already got a rough understanding of loose immortals and immortals, so ... I want to ask you what level of loose immortals you have reached.” After saying so, he looks at Uncle Lan with a face full of expectation.

Uncle Lan is very mysterious.

Azure Dragon and Grand Founder Three-Eyed were just like ants in front of him. Qin Yu thinks that only a loose immortal can have such a level of power. Moreover, Uncle Lan was able to teleport both Qin Yu and Hou Fei back to the Blood-red Cave directly with ease.

What is Uncle Lan’s exact loose immortal level?

6th tribulation? 8th tribulation? 10th tribulation? Or a 12th tribulation loose immortal, who according to legend is just one step away from becoming a golden immortal?

“You asked me what level of loose immortals I have reached?” Uncle Lan looks at Qin Yu with a little astonishment.

Qin Yu nods very seriously: “Yes.” Then he hurriedly says: “If you don’t want to tell me, I won’t force you either, but ... I’m really very curious about this. I really want to know your loose immortal level very much.”

“Ha-ha ...”

Uncle Lan laughs out loud: “Loose immortal, ha-ha, loose immortal, Xiao Yu, so you think that someone who can teleport in the mortal plane is definitely a loose immortal?”

Qin Yu says firmly: “Of course I do. It has been recorded in many Xiuzhen books that teleportation is a magic power only immortals can use. This also means 4th tribulation loose immortals can use it. Immortals can’t remain in the mortal plain but you could teleport me and Hou Fei with you. So, if you’re not a loose immortal then what are you?”

In Qin Yu’s opinion, Uncle Lan is undoubtedly a loose immortal.

The problem is he wants to know how many loose immortal tribulations Uncle Lan has passed.

Uncle Lan smilingly says with a shake of his head: “Let me tell you something, Xiao Yu. Loose immortals aren’t the only ones who can teleport in the mortal plain at all.”

Qin Yu cannot help getting astounded. When he sees Uncle Lan’s current expression, an idea springs to his mind. He immediately presses: “Could it be ... you’re not a loose immortal?”

Uncle Lan nods his head: “Yes, I’m definitely not a loose immortal. Xiao Yu, it’s hard to understand the way of Heaven. The universe and nature have all kinds of strange things so is there anything really impossible? There are many things you can’t even imagine. Teleportation isn’t exclusive to loose immortals and immortals at all!”

Uncle Lan is not a loose immortal.

This is what Uncle Lan personally said. Judging from Uncle Lan’s expression and tone, Qin Yu knows that Uncle Lan did not lie.

“Uncle Lan, you said there are all kinds of strange things in the universe and nature but don’t many Xiuzhen books all say that teleportation is a magic power only immortals possess? Could you tell me why ...?” Qin Yu keeps asking. He cannot believe that so many Xiuzhen books are all wrong about this.

Uncle Lan ponders for a while then looks at Qin Yu and says: “Xiao Yu, the boundless universe has many secrets but the countless Xiuzhenists and also mortals all live in a normal world and within the boundary of normal rules. You ... should just think of me as a loose immortal expert.”

Qin Yu is startled.

In the end Uncle Lan does not reveal his background. Instead, he wants Qin Yu to think of him as a loose immortal.

Qin Yu is sure that Uncle Lan is not a loose immortal.

“Uncle Lan, could you be an immortal, one that descended to the mortal world?” Qin Yu presses again.

Uncle Lan says with a shake of his head: “Don’t keep asking me. This is something you shouldn’t know now. It’s already okay for you think of me as a pretty strong loose immortal, right?”

“All right, then I won’t ask again. Uncle Lan, when will Li’er come to this place for a visit? I haven’t seen her for a very long time.” Qin Yu says smilingly to Uncle Lan, who says with a smile: “Perhaps she’ll be here in a while. You’d better race against time to build the Stellar Tower.”

Putting his cup down, Uncle Lan stands up and walks out of the room immediately.

Looking at Uncle Lan’s elegant figure from behind, Qin Yu has a feeling that Uncle Lan seems to have become one with nature. He also puts his cup down and thinks to himself with a sigh: “Uncle Lan, what’s your real identity and power? You’re not a loose immortal but why do you want me to consider you one?”

Mysterious.

Regarding Uncle Lan’s mystery, because Uncle Lan is unwilling to tell Qin Yu, what else can he do? He can only bury his doubts at the bottom of his heart. Maybe someday Uncle Lan will voluntarily tell him.

......

The construction of the Stellar Tower is immediately started according to schedule.

The Stellar Tower occupies the same area as the former Blood-red Cave did. There is no expansion. It is just that its architectural style is totally different from the Blood-red Cave’s. Under Uncle Lan’s personal direction, the Blood-red Cave is torn apart completely and then various new pavilions, terraces and towers are erected.

Uncle Lan personally works out the designs and positions for the components of the Stellar Tower.

According to Uncle Lan, the layout of this Stellar Tower is based on the long lost, legendary Great Heavenly Stellar Formation. Its main theme is to be close to nature so it does not have those huge, pompous palaces, but its structures and decorations are still made from valuable materials such as pearl, agate, black iron, refined gold and so on.

Clouds and mists float under the Great Heavenly Stellar Formation, making the place look like fairyland. Moonlight and the morning glow also appear in the Stellar Tower, which is really marvelous.

In the entire Stellar Tower, there is a storied building every 10 steps and a pavilion every 5 steps. Thanks to those floating clouds and mists in the Stellar Tower, those structures look as if they are built in the sky. Qin Yu, Hou Fei and the guardians all marvel at this nonstop.

In building the Stellar Tower, several tens thousand Xiuyaoists and even millions of demonic beasts were deployed. Most of them were assigned the task of extracting some materials such as purple copper, black iron, refined gold and so on. After 6 months and 3 days, the Stellar Tower was finally completed.

......

Thanks to the Great Heavenly Stellar Formation, there is an astonishing abundance of holy energy in the Stellar Tower. The density of holy energy in it is 100 times higher than usual. Holy energy even spreads into the vicinity of the Stellar Tower, giving this area a holy energy density 10 times higher than that of a normal place.

Immediately, all kinds of structures are built around the Stellar Tower. They occupy an area 10 times as large as the area of the Stellar Tower and surround the Stellar Tower in the very center like stars surrounding the moon. The holy energy that disperses from the Stellar Tower in all directions fills those structures.

The Stellar Tower has been built, as have the structures in which the guards live around it. Because those structures used normal materials, naturally their construction was easy and fast. The Stellar Tower used valuable materials and required the planting of various kinds of rare grasses and trees everywhere in it so it took more time to complete.

Outside the Stellar Tower,

Qin Yu, Hou Fei, Hei Yu, Uncle Lan and a large number of guardians and guards are all looking at it in admiration. Going for a stroll in such a wonderful place is even a kind of luxury. Only the guard leaders, the guardians, the 3 tower masters and some specialized ladies-in-waiting live in the Stellar Tower.

“Boohoo!”

Hou Fei opens his fiery eyes wide, looking at the Stellar Tower in front of him.

“Boohoo! Boohoo!”

He exclaims a few times then looks at Uncle Lan on one side with tearful eyes: “Master, you treat me and big brother so differently, too differently. This makes my heart hurt so much. When I was still in the ravine, you told me to casually find a cave to live, but now you’ve built for big brother ... such a great place.”

Uncle Lan gives him a tap on the head: “Little monkey, you want to be hit?”

“Doesn’t this Stellar Tower belonging to Xiao Yu mean it’s yours as well?” Uncle Lan deliberately says with a solemn expression.

Hou Fei immediately says joyfully: “Ha-ha, I was joking, master. But this Great Heavenly Stellar Formation is really formidable. As soon as it’s activated, the enemies from the outside can’t even go inside while the enemies inside are plunged into illusions. Not only does it have confining effects, it also has illusive effects. It can even gather natural holy energy and starlight.”

Qin Yu’s heart is also filled with satisfaction.

He thinks that the Nine Demons Hall’s Twelve Capital Gates Formation he saw before is very good, but it is pale in comparison with his own Great Heavenly Stellar Formation. Not only can this formation attack, it can also gather holy energy, sunlight, moonlight and starlight from nature.

Once its attack is activated, it will become a matchless confining, killing great formation.

Moreover, this great formation was set up by Uncle Lan personally. Qin Yu believes that at least nobody in this overseas Xiuzhen world can have a glimmer of hope of breaking it.

Afterwards, everybody happily comes into the Stellar Tower.

That day, after Uncle Lan left with Qin Yu and Hou Fei, Azure Dragon, Grand Founder Three-Eyed and Di Long immediately told 2 caves under them each to obey Qin Yu’s Stellar Tower completely. Those caves are not far from the Blood-red Cave and they all came to pay their respects to Qin Yu 3 months before the completion of the Stellar Tower.

Originally, the 2 caves under the Nine Demons Hall nearest Qin Yu were the Great Shell Cave and the Roaming Wind Cave. However, when Di Jian, Di Qing and Di Luan were taking Qin Yu back to the Nine Demons Hall, because Di Qing died in the Great Shell Cave, Di Jian and Di Luan massacred this entire cave. Therefore, the Great Shell Cave was destroyed and the new cave built to replace it is called the Sharp Horn Cave.

The Sharp Horn Cave and the Roaming Wind Cave under the Nine Demons Hall,

The Black Aquatic Dragon Cave and the Six Suns Cave under the Azure Dragon Palace,

The Orange Wing Cave and the Snowy Feather Cave under the Blue Water Mansion,

These 6 caves were turned over completely to the Stellar Tower. The central territory of the Stellar Tower is the former territory of the Blood-red Cave. The Stellar Tower has declared that the 6 caves under it are -- Sharp Horn, Roaming Wind, Black Aquatic Dragon, Six Suns, Orange Wing and Snowy Feather.

Now the Stellar Tower has such a large territory and is so powerful that it has even surpassed the Nine Demons Hall to become the no. 3 superpower in the underwater Xiuyao world, lower than the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion only. It has also become one of the 6 major powers in the overseas Xiuzhen world.

The new jade identity cards already started to be made very quickly a half year ago.

There are 7 types of jade identity cards, which are Stellar; Stellar - Sharp Horn; Stellar - Roaming Wind; Stellar - Black Aquatic Dragon; Stellar - Six Suns; Stellar - Orange Wing; and Stellar - Snowy Feather. The guards raced against time to make them and finally succeeded.

Moreover, after the appearance of the Stellar Tower, many experts who had been hiding deep in secret places began to emerge and recommend themselves, wanting to become its guardians.

Qin Yu had never expected that there were so many experts so he announced directly that the minimum requirement for being a guardian was to have the offense of the early Dongxu stage. Thus, Teng Bi is the only original guardian who was able to keep his position.

There are now 8 guardians in the Stellar Tower. Teng Bi is unexpectedly the weakest among them.

Qin Yu still left the other original guardians like Zhuang Zhong a way by only demoting them to company leaders.

Because the Stellar Tower is now a major power, the number of guards has increased from around 5000 in the past to 30,000. 100 guards form a squad and 10 squads form a company. There are 30 company leaders in total.

The Stellar Tower’s area is about the same as that of the former Blood-red Cave.

The Blood-red Cave was able to accommodate 5000 guards and many other Xiuyaoists, so naturally the 8 guardians, the 30 company leaders, the 300 squad leaders and some necessary ladies-in-waiting and guards all come to live in the Stellar Tower.

Thus, it can be said that the Stellar Tower has lived up to its reputation as a major power comparable to the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion.

End of b7c13.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7, 14
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C14: Guests from all sides

The Stellar Tower has its layout based entirely on the Great Heavenly Stellar Formation. Not only is it filled with a lot of natural holy energy, it even gathers sunlight, moonlight and starlight. The most dazzling place in the Stellar Tower is its center -- the Sun Moon Hall.

This is the place where the guardians, company leaders and squad leaders have audiences with the 3 tower masters.

The Sun Moon Hall does not have a roof. By looking up, one can see countless stars hanging high. The area behind the seats of the 3 tower masters on the raised platform in the hall even shines with sunlight and moonlight all the time. When someone steps into the Sun Moon Hall, they will feel as if they have entered a different world. It is exceptionally fantastic.

It has been almost 2 years since the completion of the Stellar Tower. During the past 2 years, the Stellar Tower has come into routine operation completely. Uncle Lan, Miss Li’er, Yan Zi and the others from the ravine have often come over here for a stroll and Qin Yu has welcomed them happily.

At the moment, in the Sun Moon Hall of the Stellar Tower,

On the raised platform in the hall, Qin Yu is sitting in the center while Hou Fei and Hei Yu are sitting on either side of him. Behind the 3 of them are the sunlight and moonlight gathered by the Great Heavenly Stellar Formation. These lights shine high into the air, giving the 3 tower masters an aura of dominance.

The 8 guardians, 30 company leaders and 300 squad leaders are standing in 2 rows on the left and right sides of the hall in order.

Qin Yu always thinks that this Sun Moon Hall is even more luxurious and also more imposing than the imperial audience halls on the Qian Long continent. In this hall, with starlight taking the place of the sky, sunlight and moonlight being the background and holy energy floating like clouds and mists, his subordinates all look like immortals.

“1st master! 2nd master! 3rd master!”

More than 300 Xiuyaoists all bow and shout respectfully. Their voices resound through the hall.

After saying so, they look at Qin Yu with respect, waiting for his orders. The looks in the eyes of the 8 guardians and 30 company leaders are very hot because today is the day the manager of the Stellar Tower is chosen.

The manager will be in charge of nearly everything so their status will be very high, inferior only to the 3 tower masters and superior to the 8 guardians.

Theoretically, a manager should have been appointed long ago, but Hou Fei likes to supervise subordinates so he has been the acting manager for the last 2 years. Qin Yu also knew Hou Fei’s temperament. Indeed, after his managerial craving was satisfied, he has lost interest in handling those trivialities.

Therefore, a manager has to be appointed.

The manager must be capable and at least decently powerful as they will only rank lower than the tower masters after all. So, the candidates are the 8 guardians and the 30 company leaders.

“1st master, last time you said you wanted to choose a manager. May I ask if you have made your decision?”

A guardian on the left stands in the middle of the hall then bows and says. This is none other than Yan Rui, the leader of the Stellar Tower’s current 8 guardians. After gaining the ability to take the human form, she transformed into a woman. And she is powerful, having even reached the late Dongxu stage.

Hearing Yan Rui’s words, the other guardians and the 30 company leaders all look at Qin Yu with blazing eyes.

Qin Yu is sitting in the middle, dressed in a black robe. Actually, his subordinates in the Stellar Tower have prepared very luxurious clothes for him, but he likes some clothes his master Lei Wei made in the past.

Even though the robes made by Lei Wei look very simple, they are much more comfortable to wear than the luxurious clothes proffered by the Stellar Tower’s subordinates. They may not look good from the outside but very useful inside.

“Please don’t be anxious, guardian Yan Rui. The 3 of us brothers have already made the decision and now 2nd master is going to reveal it.” Qin Yu looks smilingly at Hou Fei. Immediately, the over 300 pairs of eyes present are focused on Hou Fei.

Hou Fei gives a smile, baring his teeth: “This manager position of the Stellar Tower is of course extremely important. Therefore, the 3 of us had to choose very carefully. Ahem, and now I’m going to announce the chosen one.”

Qin Yu gives a smile.

This Hou Fei fellow is unexpectedly even raising the tension.

The 8 guardians and 30 company leaders all look at him. One of them can become the manager, who is second only to the 3 tower masters. The manager will be in charge of all ordinary matters so this is a very lucrative, advantageous post.

“Kaka, this manager is ... Zhuang Zhong.”

Hou Fei finally announces the decision.

Zhuang Zhong cannot help getting excited. He goes to the center of the hall right away and gets down on one knee, saying: “Thank you for your kindness, tower masters. I shall definitely manage the affairs of the Stellar Tower well and absolutely shall not disappoint you.” His voice is very loud because he simply cannot contain his excitement.

As a company leader, he already had quite a lot of authority, but now he has leapfrogged the 8 guardians to become the manager, who is only lower ranked than the 3 tower masters, so how can he possibly not be delighted?

This is not an ordinary manager position, but the manager position of the Stellar Tower, which is in the same league as the Azure Dragon Palace, the Blue Water Mansion and the Nine Demons Hall. It has a lot more authority than a company leader position does. Today Zhuang Zhong has really become an important and influential figure.

“All right, from now on, Zhuang Zhong will start to serve as manager.” Qin Yu says directly. “The opening ceremony of the Stellar Tower is coming up in a half year. At that time, members of the Penglai Immortal Region, the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon, the Azure Dragon Palace, the Blue Water Mansion, and the Nine Demons Hall will come to congratulate us, therefore ...”

As soon as Qin Yu says this, everyone on the lower part of the hall focuses their entire attention on this matter.

The opening ceremony will be a big event because the Stellar Tower is in a high position of power. It will cause quite a stir in the entire overseas Xiuzhen world. When the time comes, the other major powers will all send representatives to attend it. This event will definitely be a big gathering of the overseas Xiuzhen world’s experts.

“Zhuang Zhong, you immediately make arrangements. The Stellar Tower still has quite a lot of dwelling places. You must make the other 5 powers experience our generosity, and the feast for the opening day must also be prepared in advance. This is your first task as manager.”

Qin Yu says while staring at Zhuang Zhong. He does not doubt Zhuang Zhong’s abilities at all and Zhuang Zhong has been following him for a long time, therefore, he has given Zhuang Zhong the manager position.

“Yes, 1st master. I definitely shall not let you down.”

Zhuang Zhong answers in a sonorous and powerful voice. The look in his eyes is sharp and resolute. Seeing this, Qin Yu gives a satisfied smile.

“Kaka, Zhuang Zhong, I’ll come to check frequently. If I discover that you have done some excessive things then don’t blame me.” Hou Fei tells Zhuang Zhong with strange laughter. Zhuang Zhong gives a guarantee smilingly, not minding Hou Fei’s words at all.

Even though Hou Fei now allows the manager to handle the Stellar Tower’s affairs because his craving has been satisfied, who knows when he will get itchy and come to carry out a check?

Therefore, Zhuang Zhong had better be careful.

“All right, that’s it. Everybody can leave now.”

With his robe fluttering, Qin Yu immediately leaves the hall. Hei Yu, who has been sitting in repose with eyes closed, suddenly open his eyes. The look in his eyes is frighteningly sharp. Seeing that look, even late Dongxu stage Yan Rui feels that it is frightening.

This is not because the look in Hei Yu’s eyes is sharp, but because it makes her feel as if her soul is being devoured.

Since Hei Yu started to practice quietly in the Great Heavenly Stellar Formation, he has eventually made another improvement by reaching the late Yuanying stage. Even Hou Fei has had to admit that he is not certain of defeating late Yuanying stage Hei Yu.

If Hou Fei represents frenzy and violence then Hei Yu represents iciness and darkness!

With a movement of his body, Hei Yu disappears in the hall. When he reached the late Yuanying stage, his speed was unexpectedly not inferior to Qin Yu’s anymore.

Both Hei Yu and Hou Fei have reached the peak of the late Yuanying stage so it has become impossible for them to make a breakthrough by absorbing energy. Now they have to wait for the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation. There is no telling when they can sense the times of its arrivals.

After leaving the hall, Qin Yu goes through various bridges, buildings and corridors to eventually arrive at a storied building surrounded by clouds and mists. This is none other than Miss Li’er’s dwelling place here.

Yan Zi and Xiao Jin are playing in the lake close to the side of the building.

“Hello, big brother Qin Yu. You must come to find sis Li’er, right? She’s fishing over there.” Yan Zi says smilingly. Xiao Jin on one side also winks at him a couple of times. Afterwards, she motions towards Li’er with her eyes.

“You 2 little brats.”

Qin Yu gives a smile then immediately treads on the blue water to go to the pavilion in the center of the lake.

After the Stellar Tower was completed, it does not need any restrictive spells because that Great Heavenly Stellar Formation automatically keeps water away. The interior of the Stellar Tower is totally like a new dimension.

Li’er’s long hair is slightly tied up with a hairband. She is dressed in white and a white belt is fastened tightly around her waist, revealing her body’s attractive curves. Qin Yu just stands in the pavilion watching her focusing on fishing while sitting on the edge of the pavilion.

“What are you looking at, Qin Yu?” She looks back and says smilingly. That smile makes Qin Yu’s eyes brighten.

“I’m watching you fishing.” Qin Yu smilingly sits down beside Li’er.

He always feels that she seems to isolate herself from the world. She is passionately friendly to Yan Zi and the others but that is only a façade. Only when she is in one place with him can that barrier be removed.

“Li’er, you have never mentioned your parents to me. Can you tell me about them a bit now?” Qin Yu says smilingly.

Li’er is startled. She ponders for a while, which is a very rare sight, then says with a nod: “My father has a very high position. He and others always fight for status and power so he doesn’t spend a lot of time with me at all.” There is a tinge of grief in her eyes.

Qin Yu’s heart trembles. He immediately feels emotions and thoughts surging in him.

Was he not in the same situation?

He suppresses his mental agitation with effort and says: “Looks like your father is an important figure.”

Li’er says with a nod: “Yes, he’s an important figure. I’ve seen many people since I was little and they all have so much respect and awe for him. Nobody dares to disobey him. But there are also other important figures. They compete with each other all the time and even fight each other. I was tired of it so I and Uncle Lan left home to wander outside.”

“Perhaps that was because you’re a girl. My experiences were very similar to yours, but I’m a guy. My father was a prince of the Chu dynasty on the Qian Long continent. He wholeheartedly wanted to seek revenge and realize our ancestors’ several-hundred-year-old hopes. He focused on teaching my big and 2nd brothers and didn’t pay close attention to me, the useless 3rd son. But I was different from you. I wasn’t tired of those things. Instead, I trained very hard, desirous to do some useful things for my father.”

Qin Yu says dispiritedly. Even though it has been many years since then, he still feels unhappy when thinking about what happened.

He seems to be seeing himself, as a kid, in a harsh winter night, keep running while carrying weights and thrusting the fingers into sand to practice the Iron Sand Palm ...

“Because I’m a girl?” Li’er’s eyes flash with a hint of tenacity. “No, at first I also wanted to help father like you, but ... later an incident happened. It grieved me and grieved Uncle Lan.” Her eyes are full of pain.

Seeing Li’er like that, even though Qin Yu does not know what she actually encountered, he knows it must have been something very serious.

“Oh, a fish took the bait.”

Li’er’s eyes suddenly brighten. She pulls back the fishing rod and a 5 to 6 jin big fish is caught.

Just now she was immersed in her memories and pain but at the moment, because she has caught a fish, she is so excited that she smiles broadly. It seems she has simply forgotten what happened a moment ago.

“Qin Yu, has your chess skill improved? You want to play the game of Go or chess? If it is chess, I’ll give you one rook, one horse and one cannon. If it is the game of Go, I’ll give you 4 pieces.” Li’er looks jokingly at Qin Yu. With a wave of her hand, 2 chessboards appear.

“Well, chess and the game of Go? This, this ...”

A moment ago Qin Yu was still feeling comfortable but now he has become nervous.

Playing those games with Li’er is no different from getting massacred. She has been giving him a rook, a horse and a cannon in chess and giving him 4 pieces in the game of Go. Even so, he has always lost, and lost miserably at that. His skills are not bad, but Li’er is just an extraordinarily strong player.

Qin Yu dares to guarantee that even his father Qin De and Adviser Xu Yuan cannot defeat Li’er despite having a 4-piece advantage in the game of Go.

......

Various beautiful clouds are flying above the vast ocean. Riding the clouds are several tens Xiuxianists. The leader of them is none other than the top man of the Penglai Immortal Region -- Reverend Yan Xu. These people are the delegation the Penglai Immortal Region has sent to the Stellar Tower.

The opening day of the Stellar Tower is coming. Because the Penglai Immortal Region, the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon and the other places are all extremely far from the Stellar Tower, it will take them almost a half year to arrive even if they fly all the time. Therefore, they have had to set off even earlier than that. This is also the reason why at that time Qin Yu said that the opening ceremony would take place 3 years later.

Reverend Yan Xu is the leader. On either side of him, there is a young man with long, flaming red hair and a handsome young man with flowing, white hair.

“Reverend Yan Xu, that Stellar Tower is merely a power of underwater Xiuyaoists. Though it’s backed by a loose immortal ... to make us go all the way to his mansion is really ...” The young man with long flaming red hair says with a hint of disdain.

Most Xiuxianists are very disdainful of Xiuyaoists’ mansions and consider them low-class.

“Reverend Huo Tian, it goes without saying that Xiuyaoists have a bad taste in architecture and can only build things like palaces. How can their mansions compare to our wondrous lands? But they are undoubtedly powerful. Architecture is only an external thing. Nothing is as important as real power.” The white-haired young man says.

The long-flaming-red-haired young man says frowningly: “Reverend Di Feng, I only said that Xiuyaoist architecture is bad. I didn’t say they are weak. I find staying in that kind of place really offensive.”

“Reverend Huo Tian, Reverend Di Feng, you haven’t seen the Stellar Tower so please don’t comment at will.” Reverend Yan Xu says indifferently.

However, despite saying so, even he actually looks down on Xiuyaoists’ dwelling places.

To Xiuxianists and Xiumoists, they totally have the right to look down on Xiuyaoists when it comes to highly-skilled activities such as weapon forging, pill making and mansion building. The other Xiuxianists all begin to discuss with each other about how bad Xiuyaoists’ dwelling places are.

“We’ve arrived at the Stellar Tower.” Reverend Yan Xu says all of a sudden.

Every Xiuxianist immediately stops talking. This Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng look like young men but in fact they are just a little younger than Reverend Yan Xu. They are the grand elders of the Ziyang school and the Lanyang school respectively.

Reverend Yan Xu, Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng can be considered the real controllers of the Penglai Immortal Region.

The several tens Xiuxianists then dive into the ocean. The water at the places they go to is pushed back and therefore does not touch their bodies in the least. As a result, a passage through the water appears. In this way, these Xiuxianists fly extremely fast towards the Stellar Tower.

NOTE:

Reverend Di Feng and the Nine Demons Hall’s Di Feng have different surnames.

End of b7c14.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7 15
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C15: 6 big bosses

Reverend Yan Xu, Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng lead several tens Xiuxianists rushing to the bottom of the ocean. As they go down, their elemental energy automatically pushes water away, creating a passage. In just a while, the Xiuxianists reach the bottom of the ocean and come into the Stellar Ridge, formerly called the Blood-red Ridge.

Reverend Yan Xu says indifferently: “Everybody, this place is the Stellar Ridge, a territory of the Stellar Tower. I hope all of you follow some rules. Otherwise, you’ll provoke the Stellar Tower, which will be real bad.”

“Don’t worry, Reverend. Of course we’ll remember this carefully.” Most of the other Xiuxianists say in agreement.

Reverend Huo Tian takes a look around then says smilingly: “Reverend Di Feng, you see, what I said is right, isn’t it? This Stellar Ridge has at least several hundred thousand Xiuyaoists but its architecture is very vulgar. Do they even know formations?”

In the Penglai Immortal Region, the Qingxu Temple is the leader while the Ziyang school and the Lanyang school are second only to it. Because Reverend Yan Xu is extremely powerful, the status of the Qingxu Temple is naturally unshakeable. However, the 2 grand elders of the Ziyang and Lanyang schools hate each other like fire and water.

Reverend Di Feng says with an indifferent smile: “Humph, you also know there are several hundred thousand Xiuyaoists here, right? The school with the most disciples in the Penglai Immortal Region got only several tens thousand Xiuxianists and we got barely more than 100,000 in total. None of the current underwater superpowers of Xiuyaoists is much weaker than us, and the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion are even a bit more powerful than us. Reverend Huo Tian, taste is not important. Real power is. Besides ... I think your taste is not so good.”

“Di Feng, what did you say?!” Reverend Huo Tian immediately becomes furious.

The precious gown he is wearing was bestowed on him by the headquarters of the Ziyang school on the Teng Long continent. It looks very impressive and is definitely a treasure. He generally wears it on important occasions. However, Reverend Di Feng always says that this gown is too vulgar and low-class.

“What else could I say? Do you really think that gown of yours is a treasure ...?” Reverend Di Feng gives a disdainful smirk.

“Gentlemen, if you want to fight then you should wait until we’ve returned.” Reverend Yan Xu’s voice turns cold. Both Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng give a cold humph immediately and stop talking to each other. The other Xiuxianists do not dare to chime in either. Before long, the Xiuxianists finally see the Stellar Tower in the distance.

The moment they see it, they are all dumbfounded. Their faces are full of disbelief.

In the distance, that Stellar Tower is radiating sunlight and moonlight. It is very dazzling at the bottom of the ocean, looking so attractive like a bright pearl. Its surging holy energy astonishes all of the Xiuxianists even more.

“This is the Stellar Tower?”

The Xiuxianists present cannot believe this. In their eyes, Xiuyaoists are barbarians because despite being powerful, they cannot compare with humans in architecture, weapon forging and pill making. However, the Stellar Tower up ahead ...

The structures around the Stellar Tower are the living quarters for the guards, 30,000 guards. The Penglai Immortal Region has nothing comparable to this.

“Who are you, comers?!”

A company of 1000 Xiuyaoists in total is watching the outermost area. Its leader is none other than Wu Tong, a former guardian of the Blood-red Cave.

“We are guests from the Penglai Immortal Region who come here to congratulate the Stellar Tower in the opening ceremony. Please inform your superiors about us a bit, my fellow Xiuzhenist.” A disciple of the Qingxu Temple immediately takes out an identity card and says.

Wu Tong has already noticed that this group does not have a demonic aura. Moreover, he was told long ago that guests from the other 5 major powers would arrive soon so he has been able to guess who they are. As soon as he hears the answer, he says: “Please wait, my fellow Xiuzhenists. I’ll quickly go inform my superiors.”

Despite saying so, he curses inwardly: “Xiuxianists are just weird. Isn’t calling each other brothers instead of fellow Xiuzhenists neater?” Afterwards, Wu Tong rushes extremely fast towards the Stellar Tower. In just a while, Qin Yu and Hou Fei bring the 8 guardians out to personally welcome the guests. Hei Yu is the only one in the upper echelons of the Stellar Tower unwilling to come here.

“Ha-ha ... my fellow Xiuzhenists.”

Qin Yu, dressed in a robe and smiling, leads the 8 guardians under him to greet the men from the Penglai Immortal Region.

“I am Qin Yu, the 1st master of the Stellar Tower. This is my brother Hou Fei, the 2nd master. And these are the 8 guardians of the Stellar Tower.” He looks at the Xiuxianists in front of him and briefly introduces his side to them.

Reverend Yan Xu immediately says with a smile: “So you are tower master Qin Yu. I am Reverend Yan Xu, the grand elder of the Qingxu Temple. This is Reverend Huo Tian of the Ziyang school. This is Reverend Di Feng of the Lanyang school. The others are our fellow Xiuzhenists who have come here with us. There is no need to introduce them one by one.”

“Reverend Yan Xu, Reverend Huo Tian, Reverend Di Feng.” Qin Yu salutes each of them then says smilingly: “Please follow me.”

He and Reverend Yan Xu go side by side. Hou Fei, Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng follow them closely. The 8 guardians and the other Xiuxianists go at the back. All of them thus fly straight towards the Stellar Tower in an imposing manner.

The nearer they come to the Stellar Tower, the more amazed Reverend Yan Xu and his men are.

Is this still a mansion of Xiuyaoists?

Perhaps even the best Xiuxianist mansions and lands are far inferior to it.

Qin Yu secretly observes the expression of every Xiuxianist and laughs in his mind: “It’s true that Xiuxianists look down on Xiuyaoist dwelling places.”

......

Inside the Stellar Tower, thanks to the Great Heavenly Stellar Formation, clouds and mists are everywhere, and there are various magnificent buildings, walkways and corridors. The whole place looks like a construction of immortals, which stuns all the Xiuxianists.

The holy energy here is so dense that it has turned into clouds and mists. This phenomenon also occurs in Xiuxian schools, but the thing is, the holy energy in the entire Stellar Tower is like that. This area is really too large. Moreover, there are also the morning glow, afterglow, starlight, moonlight, sunlight ... here.

The sunlight, moonlight and starlight produced by the Great Heavenly Stellar Formation astonish the Xiuxianists present even more.

“My fellow Xiuzhenists, this place is called the Penglai Park. It is specially built to entertain you. Please come in and stay here. Should you need something, feel free to order those ladies-in-waiting as you please.” Qin Yu says smilingly.

However, the Xiuxianists have been shocked too much by the things they saw on the way, so they have not wakened up yet when he suddenly says this.

“My fellow Xiuzhenists, could it be ... you are not satisfied with this place?” Qin Yu asks again.

“Ah, that’s not it.” Reverend Yan Xu’s eyes are filled with joy. “I have never seen such a wondrous place as this. Why would I be dissatisfied when it is a real delight to be able to enjoy such a magnificent place as the Stellar Tower?”

Reverend Di Feng also says smilingly: “Mr. Qin Yu, the wonderfulness of the Stellar Tower’s architecture has gone beyond our imaginations.” He suddenly looks at Reverend Huo Ting and says teasingly: “Reverend Huo Tian, didn’t you say this Stellar Tower ...”

“Di Feng.”

Reverend Huo Tian says hurriedly. If Reverend Di Feng really says it out, he will lose a lot of face. Even though he is a haughty man, he cannot help admitting that this Stellar Tower has really exceeded his expectations. If compared to the Stellar Tower, the architecture of his own school will be low-class instead.

Reverend Di Feng gives a smile and stops talking.

......

The guests from the Azure Dragon Palace had already arrived long before the delegation of the Penglai Immortal Region came to this place. As time goes by, the representatives of the Blue Water Mansion, the Nine Demons Hall and the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon also arrive within a half month. Now the representatives of the other 5 major powers are all here.

Normal caves are not eligible to attend the opening ceremony of the Stellar Tower. Only the other 5 major powers can come and congratulate the Stellar Tower on this.

A few days later, on the opening day,

In the Sun Moon Hall of the Stellar Tower,

The area of this hall is extremely large. Several tens banqueting tables have been arranged in the hall. The guests from the other 5 major powers are all astonished because there are countless brilliant stars above their heads. Many beautiful ladies-in-waiting then bring out one delicacy after another. The experts of the overseas Xiuzhen world are all very happy.

There are some distances between the innermost table and the others.

This table has only 6 individuals, Azure Dragon, Old Freak Three-Eyed, Reverend Yan Xu, Yi Da, Qin Yu and Di Long. These are absolutely the no. 1 figures of the 6 powers. Hou Fei, Hei Yu, Di Jian, Teng Shan, Lou Ke, Reverend Di Feng, Reverend Huo Ting, Situ Xue and the like all sit at another table.

“Today is the opening of brother Qin Yu’s tower. Let’s drink a toast to tower master Qin Yu, everybody.” Azure Dragon is the first to raise a goblet.

Immediately, Old Freak Three-Eyed, Reverend Yan Xu, Yi Da and Di Long also raise their goblets to congratulate Qin Yu, who raises his goblet and responds modestly. Afterwards, the 6 of them drink up the goblets in one gulp and begin to discuss enthusiastically with each other. They mostly talk about some unimportant matters.

These 6 can be considered the 6 big bosses of the overseas Xiuzhen world and can totally represent the overseas Xiuzhen world. Perhaps an ordinary man would not be able to imagine that such 6 important figures are only talking about some scandals and funny stories together.

“Brother Qin Yu, let me ask you a question. If you can answer correctly, I’ll give you 3 holy weapons. What do you think?” Azure Dragon, slightly drunk, says smilingly to Qin Yu.

Now Qin Yu is no longer as ceremonious as he was in the beginning: “3 pieces? Alright, at that time don’t go back on your words. Now feel free to ask me.”

Azure Dragon gives a ha-ha laugh then says: “You should already know Yi Da’s nickname, right? Purple-haired Dungeon King! Do you know why he got it?”

Qin Yu takes a look at this Purple-haired Dungeon King Yi Da then immediately says: “Brother Yi Da is the no. 1 man of the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon so naturally he’s called Dungeon King. And he’s got purple hair so he’s called Purple-haired Dungeon King. Am I wrong?”

“Wrong!”

Azure Dragon shouts at once. Afterwards, he laughs out loud complacently: “I knew you would guess wrong.”

Yi Da slowly puts his goblet down and raises his droopy pupils, looking at Azure Dragon. The purple light in his pupils makes him look very strange: “Azure Dragon, I’ve noticed that you always talk about me. In the opening of the Nine Demons Hall that day, you also talked about me, right?”

Reverend Yan Xu says with a warm smile on his face: “Don’t argue with Azure Dragon, Yi Da. It’s not like you don’t know his character either.”

“Overlord Azure Dragon, you haven’t told me why brother Yi Da got the nickname Purple-haired Dungeon King.” Qin Yu immediately presses.

However, Old Freak Three-Eyed says: “I’ll tell you. In the past, Jiao Jiu and Situ Xue fought each other to become the no. 1 Xiumoist in the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon. Yi Da got no school, no faction and no backing but he captured Jiao Jiu and Situ Xue then put them in jail for 3 whole years. He didn’t talk to them either. Only after 3 years did he ask them if they accepted him as the top man of the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon.”

Qin Yu is startled.

Azure Dragon laughs out loud and says: “This Yi Da fella’s got a strange habit. After capturing someone, he’ll seal up the opponent’s power and put them in jail for a several years before talking to them. It’s only because he likes to lock people up that some experts called him Dungeon King.”

Yi Da drinks a goblet then says grimly: “I hate talking nonsense with other people the most so I sealed up their power and locked them up for 3 years. Loneliness alone could make them go mad. After 3 years, if they hadn’t agreed to do what I told them, I would’ve locked them up for 10 or 20 more years.”

Qin Yu is astounded.

After their power is sealed up, the opponent will not even be able to do closed-door training. To be locked up all the time with nobody to talk to is really a painful experience.

“Before Yi Da, the no. 1 experts of the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon were called Devil King. He’s the only one who is called Dungeon King.” Old Freak Three-Eyed says smilingly. There is a note of praise in his words. It is very clear that he approves of Yi Da’s actions a lot.

Di Long, however, is drinking in low sprits on one side.

Originally there were 9 brothers in the Nine Demons Hall but 5 are already dead. The Nine Demons Hall has suffered a huge loss of power so naturally its status has declined in the eyes of the other powers.

These bosses keep discussing each other’s affairs at will. After a long time, Reverend Yan Xu suddenly waves his hands. His elemental energy surges forth and forms a restrictive spell around them. The other 5 look at him doubtfully right away.

Reverend Yan Xu says smilingly: “Everybody, I cast this spell because I have something important to discuss with you a bit.”

“Say, what’s the matter that you want to keep it secret like this?” Azure Dragon says with a smile.

Yi Da gives Reverend Yan Xu a cold look. The others say nothing and quietly wait for Reverend Yan Xu to talk.

He says smilingly: “Everybody here represents all the powers of the overseas Xiuzhen world. Now I want to discuss a matter related to the Nine Swords Immortal Mansion with you.”

Azure Dragon, Old Freak Three-Eyed, Yi Da, Qin Yu and Di Long immediately put their cups down and begin to listen to him attentively.

Reverend Yan Xu looks at Qin Yu: “Tower master Qin Yu, the 8th jade sword is in your hands, isn’t it?”

Qin Yu feels doubtful. What does Reverend Yan Xu want to talk about? He suddenly remembers what Azure Dragon told him when the delegation of the Azure Dragon Palace first arrived in the Stellar Tower: “Brother Qin Yu, the legendary 9 Swords have 9 swords altogether. And the Penglai Immortal Region is the power that wants to have another sword the most. The Penglai Immortal Region has many schools and 3 major schools but they’ve got only 1 sword so it’s a little hard for them to allocate it.”

“Yes, it is. I wonder why you asked me about this.” Qin Yu has put his mind on alert.

Reverend Yan Xu says with a nod: “As far as I know, my Penglai Immortal Region has the 1st jade sword, the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon has the 3rd and 5th swords, the Azure Dragon Palace has the 4th and 7th swords, the Blue Water Mansion has the 2nd sword, the Nine Demons Hall has the 6th sword and the Stellar Tower has the 8th sword. Am I right, everybody?”

The leaders of the other 5 powers nod.

“Therefore I hope all of you let me borrow your jade swords to use a bit!” Reverend Yan Xu says smilingly.

End of b7c15.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 7, 16
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B7C16: Location of the 9th jade sword

Reverend Yan Xu looks like a nice old man but when he says this, he immediately makes the other 5 jump. He has unexpectedly asked to borrow the others’ jade swords, but can these jade swords be lent easily?

“Have you gone gaga, Yan Xu? Who among us didn’t have to try every means and risk his life to get a jade sword? But now you absurdly want to borrow our swords all at once. Have you gone bonkers?” Azure Dragon says frowningly.

Di Long says in an ice-cold voice: “Reverend Yan Xu, this is a very serious matter. I can’t agree.” Without asking for a reason, he has declined immediately.

Yi Da twirls the end of his hair with his fingers and says with a cold laugh: “Reverend Yan Xu, you’d best explain the matter clearly. The jade swords aren’t like the other holy weapons. You secretly obtained the 9th sword, didn’t you? And so you want to borrow our swords then go find the Nine Swords Immortal Mansion alone?”

“No, of course that’s not it.”

Seeing that everybody’s manner has changed greatly, Reverend Yan Xu immediately says with a smile: “My Penglai Immortal Region hasn’t obtained the 9th sword either. Therefore I want to borrow your swords to find its location.”

“Oh?” Qin Yu says frowningly: “Reverend Yan Xu, you mean ... you want to gather the other 8 swords to find the location of the 9th sword?” He has heard that if holy weapons are forged together, they are telepathically linked to each other in general. Using some secret technique, it is possible to make a jade sword go find others.

“Yes, that’s what I mean.”

Reverend Yan Xu hurriedly says: “Nobody knows where this 9th sword is. Because 8 swords have appeared, I think we’d better save time by using these 8 swords to find the location of the last sword.”

Qin Yu, Azure Dragon, Old Freak Three-Eyed, Yi Da and Di Long, who just now did not agree, all become silent.

After a while, Qin Yu says smilingly with a nod: “Reverend Yan Xu, since you’ve got this secret searching method, I’ll help you with my limited power. When the time comes, I’m going to lend you my sword once. However ... you’d best execute your searching method in my Stellar Tower and don’t run away with the sword.”

Right after Qin Yu said so, Azure Dragon also says loudly: “Lending you my jade swords is no problem, but this’ll only be possible when you execute your searching method. Besides, you must do it in the Stellar Tower and in front of everybody. If you attempt to run away with the swords then don’t blame us for joining forces to deal with you.”

Reverend Yan Xu does not mind at all and says smilingly: “Please don’t worry, Overlord Azure Dragon. I don’t have a death wish. I’m not even a match for just you, let alone the 5 of you.”

“I can guarantee all of you that I’ll execute this method in the Stellar Tower, in the Penglai Park where I’m staying. You can wait until that time to let me use your jade swords a bit.” Reverend Yan Xu tells the other 5.

Hearing this, even Di Long, who a moment ago did not agree, ponders for a while then nods his head.

“All right, since you’ve all agreed, I’ll tell you in general terms about the process of finding the 9th sword.” Reverend Yan Xu explains.

“This secret method of mine can make our 8 swords sense the location of the 9th sword and then fly towards it. We’ll only need to fly after our 8 swords to find the location of the 9th sword.”

Azure Dragon, Qin Yu, Old Freak Three-Eyed, Di Long and Yi Da all frown.

At first they thought that Reverend Yan Xu would only use their swords for a while but now they know that they will also have to let the swords fly in the direction of the 9th sword. Does this not mean they will have to fly after the swords?

“Who knows where the 9th sword is? If it is hidden at the bottom of a certain sea, who knows how many years we’ll need to find it? Only by relying on our 8 swords can we find the 9th sword much more easily.” Reverend Yan Xu persuades.

The other 5 are all considering. Qin Yu laughs in his mind: “The 9th jade sword? The most important thing is still the Nine Swords Immortal Mansion. With just one jade sword, I already have the right to go into the Nine Swords Immortal Mansion. I’m not greedy either, going in for a stroll will do me, so what’s the point of having another sword?”

He immediately says loudly in agreement: “Reverend Yan Xu has thought it over for the benefit of everybody. I agree with him in this matter. Otherwise, who knows when we’ll find the 9th sword?”

Hearing Qin Yu’s words of approval, Reverend Yan Xu is delighted at once.

Now he likes Qin Yu even more because Qin Yu has been the first to agree with his suggestions twice.

Yi Da says coldly: “I’ve got no objection to this.”

After considering for a long time, Azure Dragon, Old Freak Three-Eyed and Di Long also agree.

“Good, I have to return and make preparations. Tomorrow everybody should just go to the Penglai Park directly. When the time comes, I’m going to execute my secret method and we’re going to go find the 9th sword’s location together.” Reverend Yan Xu says with a smile.

......

The next day, several tens individuals gather in the Penglai Park of the Stellar Tower.

The 6 powers have from 2 to 5 members here each. All of them are the cores of the 6 powers. Today’s matter is really too important so they cannot afford to let any mishaps happen.

“Hey, Reverend Yan Xu, can you start now? We’re feeling very bored here.” Beside Qin Yu, Hou Fei says impatiently.

At the moment, Reverend Yan Xu is sitting with legs crossed motionlessly in midair. He is not setting up formations or doing anything and just keeps sitting this way quietly. Hou Fei really cannot stand watching this anymore so he has spoken out.

Reverend Yan Xu opens his eyes, shooting out a brilliant blue light.

“Gentlemen, everything is now ready. Please lend me your jade swords first so that I can execute my secret method.” Nobody knows why Reverend Yan Xu was sitting with legs crossed and eyes closed just now, but everybody focus their attention upon hearing these words.

A jade sword appears in Reverend Yan Xu’s hand. It is the jade sword of the Penglai Immortal Region.

“Everybody, please lend me your jade swords. What’s up? You’re regretting it?” Reverend Yan Xu says smilingly. Even though they have reached an agreement, now nobody is willing to be the first to lend him a jade sword.

Azure Dragon says solemnly: “Yan Xu, you should know how important these jade swords are to me. Don’t ever try to pull any tricks. If anything unexpected happens then don’t blame me for being merciless. All right, take them.” He reaches out a hand and 2 jade swords shoot out.

Reverend Yan Xu reaches out his hand. Those 2 jade swords immediately come into his hand. “Please don’t worry, Azure Dragon. At this time, how could I dare to try any funny stuff?”

“I hope you remember your words.” Azure Dragon focuses his entire attention on Reverend Yan Xu.

Qin Yu says smilingly: “Reverend Yan Xu, the formation of my Stellar Tower was set up by my uncle personally. It’s the long lost, legendary Great Heavenly Stellar Formation. Once it’s really activated, you’ll have absolutely no way to get out.”

After saying so, he throws Reverend Yan Xu his jade sword.

Even though he has only briefly introduced the Great Heavenly Stellar Formation, he has frightened Reverend Yan Xu.

He does not worry in the least that he has offended the others. Reverend Yan Xu, Yi Da and the like are all old hands and very cunning. Knowing that he is backed by that super expert, they naturally will not dare to cheat him at will.

“Great Heavenly Stellar Formation?” Di Long frowns. “Tower master Qin Yu, to put it nicely, your Stellar Tower is a wonderland, but frankly, it’s also a dead trap. If you want do something to us then ...”

Di Jian and Di Xu, who have come here with him, also look coldly at Qin Yu. Although they do not dare to take revenge on Qin Yu anymore, they are still hostile to Qin Yu.

Old Freak Three-Eyed says with a cold laugh: “Shut your mouth, Di Long. If Qin Yu really wanted to kill you, perhaps you and your remaining brothers would’ve lost your lives on the black rock island that day. Why should he be troubling himself like this?”

Old Freak Three-Eyed and Azure Dragon both know that Uncle Lan is formidable so they treat Qin Yu very well.

“Don’t waste time. We better find the 9th sword quickly.” Yi Da shouts.

Everybody immediately stops talking and gives Reverend Yan Xu their jade swords one by one.

“Qin Yu, what are you doing?” Miss Li’er voice suddenly rises. She smilingly walks up and watches what is going on in front of her. Seeing the 8 jade swords, she slightly closes her eyes for a moment then opens them again. Now her eyes radiate wisdom.

“On the Qian Long continent?”

Li’er murmurs softly to herself.

Hearing her voice, Qin Yu no longer cares about how Reverend Yan Xu executes that secret method. He immediately turns around and walks towards her, saying: “Li’er, what did you just murmur?”

“Nothing.” She says with a shake of her head.

Qin Yu leads her walking into a pavilion. The 2 of them then sit down. He is simply not worried that Reverend Yan Xu will dare to do something dishonest. After all, when so many experts like Azure Dragon are watching, why should he be worried that Reverend Yan Xu will dare to pull some trick?

“What is that Xiuxianist doing, Qin Yu?” Li’er points at Reverend Yan Xu, who is floating in midair.

Qin Yu turns his head around to take a look. At the moment, Reverend Yan Xu is being surrounded by the 8 swords, which are shooting out 8 beams of light. They are totally connected to Reverend Yan Xu’s body by these beams of light. Reverend Yan Xu is making various mystical hand signs unceasingly.

“He is finding the location of the 9th jade sword.” Qin Yu does not hide this from her.

“The 9th jade sword?” Li’er slightly frowns.

Qin Yu says smilingly: “There was once an extremely formidable immortal, not a loose immortal, but a real immortal descending to the mortal world from the immortal one. Judging from this, you can tell that this immortal was so powerful.”

“If this immortal could descend to the mortal world from the immortal world on their own, they should have been an extremely formidable figure in the immortal world.” Li’er says with a nod.

Qin Yu says in agreement: “This immortal left behind a Nine Swords Immortal Mansion. The keys are 9 jade swords. Now we’ve obtained 8 swords and only the last one is still missing. Today this Reverend Yan Xu is using a secret method to sense the location of the 9th sword through these 8 swords.”

Li’er says with brightening eyes: “This seems interesting. Qin Yu, when you go search for the 9th sword, can I go with you to have a look?”

Qin Yu says frowningly: “You can, but when we go find it, those jade swords will fly very fast. You’re only at the Jindan stage so your flying speed ...” He has never seen Miss Li’er real flying speed.

“Don’t worry. I’ve got a special magic power and it’s related to speed.” There is a hint of proud on Li’er’s face.

“All right, then I want to see how fast a little girl at the Jindan stage like you can be.” Qin Yu says jokingly.

Li’er says very confidently: “Fine, you’ll see my speed at that time.”

When Qin Yu and Li’er are chatting to each other, large beads of sweat have appeared all over Reverend Yan Xu’s head. Finally, his secret method has been successfully executed. 8 streams of sword energy shoot into the sky. At the same time, Reverend Yan Xu says loudly: “Everybody, my secret method has succeeded. These 8 swords will immediately fly towards the 9th sword. All you have to do is follow them.”

“Let’s go, Qin Yu.” Li’er stands up right away.

Qin Yu follows her going towards Hou Fei and the crowd.

Indeed, after a while, those 8 swords unexpectedly begin fly up. Everybody flies after them on their flying sword without delay.

“No need to worry, everyone, I can control the flying speed of these swords. But if you’re too weak and too slow then you should just quit because I’m going to make them fly at the speed of a middle Dongxu stage Xiuxianist.” Reverend Yan Xu says in a loud and clear voice.

The speed of a middle Dongxu stage Xiuxianist is not a problem to the 6 major powers. “Zhuang Zhong, you take care everything in the Stellar Tower well, I and 2nd and 3rd masters are going on a trip now.” Qin Yu gives Zhuang Zhong on one side an order.

“Yes, tower master.”

Zhuang Zhong, however, is secretly happy. When the 3 tower masters have left, he will be the one with the most authority in the Stellar Tower. But he will not dare to revolt either because word has spread that Qin Yu and Hou Fei are so powerful that they have even killed several majesties of the Nine Demons Hall. Moreover, Qin Yu is even supported by that unfathomable Uncle Lan.

4 members of the Stellar Tower set out this time, including Qin Yu, Miss Li’er, fun-loving Hou Fei and Hei Yu, who just wants to go with Qin Yu.

The Azure Dragon Palace, Blue Water Mansion, Penglai Immortal Region, Nine Demons Hall and Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon all set out with 4 - 5 members each. All of them fly after the 8 swords extremely fast. After getting out of the Stellar Tower, the 8 swords unexpectedly fly north directly.

“I never thought it was to the north of the Stellar Tower. This is really a shock.” Azure Dragon laughs out loud.

At the moment, the 8 swords are flying side by side, followed by several tens individuals. Except for Li’er, all of them have at least reached the middle Dongxu stage.

Qin Yu is flying on his sword. Li’er is flying on the air on one side of him. Even so, she is easily keeping up with the others’ flying speed.

“Li’er, your speed ...” Qin Yu is dumbfounded.

Flying on air is much slower than flying on a sword. However, Jindan stage Li’er is unexpectedly going as fast as Qin Yu and the others with ease flying on the air. No wonder she is so confident.

“Didn’t I say earlier that I was very confident in my speed?” Li’er gives a brilliant smile.

Hou Fei, who is sitting on his thick black stick on one side, swings his tail and blinks a couple of times, muttering: “Monster, sis Li’er is really a monster. How can you be so fast at the Jindan stage?”

Qin Yu cannot help smiling.

Everybody keeps flying in a relaxed manner northwards. After a long time, the huge Qian Long continent appears in the distance. Qin Yu’s entire mind becomes slightly excited: “Impossible! It can’t be on the Qian Long continent!”

At this very moment, various images flash through his mind.

They include the images of him watching the stars at the top of Mount Donglan late at night as a kid, the images of him training hard while being scolded by Master Zhao Yunxing, the images of him practicing external techniques alone, the images of him killing for the first time as assassin Liu Xing, the images of him risking his life against Wu Xing next to a 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, the images of him fighting Xiang Yang to the death ...

“It’s time I returned and saw father.”

When Qin Yu sees this familiar continent, those feelings hidden at the bottom of his hearts begin to surge.

The several tens top experts of the overseas Xiuzhen world thus have arrived in the Qian Long continent ...

End of b7c16.

End of book 7.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8, 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Book 8: The return of Qin Yu

B8C1: Going home

The Qian Long continent has a huge population.

Qin Yu and his group of several tens Xiuzhenists are flying through the clouds.

Far below them, the air is filled with cooking smoke and there are countless silhouettes of people. Compared to the boundless oceans, the Qian Long continent really has too many people. Here, there are tens of thousands of people in a town, and a big city even has hundreds of thousands of people.

“This is the Ming dynasty of the 3 big dynasties on the Qian Long continent.”

Qin Yu takes a deep breath. Even though he is flying through the clouds, given the keenness of his six senses, he can still feel that so familiar earthy smell. In the ocean, he simply cannot breathe in this kind of earthy smell. This is the smell of home.

“Big brother.” Hei Yu looks at Qin Yu with brilliant eyes. Qin Yu cannot help but smile at him.

In the past, Qin Yu and Hei Yu, a kid and a young eagle, walked the same path and stuck together through thick and thin. Afterwards, they left the Qian Long continent and made waves in the underwater Xiuyao world. It has been nearly 10 years and today Qin Yu and Hei Yu have returned.

“What’s the matter, Qin Yu?” Li’er asks softly.

Qin Yu says with a smile: “This is my home. My home is the Qian Long continent. Now below us is the Ming dynasty of the 3 big dynasties. My family is in the Qin dynasty.” He does not hide anything and is not afraid of the Xiuzhenists around him hearing either.

The members of the Azure Dragon Palace, the Blue Water Mansion, the Penglai Immortal Region and the other powers all give him a look.

These Xiuzhenists all have exceptionally good hearing so naturally they have heard those words. In their eyes, Qin Yu is the master of the Stellar Tower, an overlord in the underwater Xiuyao world, but ... Qin Yu is from the Qian Long continent?

“What? Everybody is very curious, right? Oh, I forgot to tell you that I’m not a demonic beast. I’m a human.”

Qin Yu looks at the Xiuzhenists present and says in an indifferent and leisurely manner.

They are all startled. They already suspected this when they heard Qin Yu say he was from the Qian Long continent a moment ago. Now that Qin Yu has openly revealed it, they are totally sure that he is a human.

“Why is everybody looking at me? Could it be a human can’t stay in the underwater Xiuyao world? Besides, my 2nd brother Hou Fei is a divine beast. Could you be thinking that I’m not qualified to be the master of the Stellar Tower?” Qin Yu casts a somewhat cold glance at them.

Azure Dragon laughs out loud and says: “Ha-ha ... I really admire you, brother Qin Yu. You’re a human but you dared to come into the underwater Xiuyao world. However, there’s actually little difference between Xiuyaoists, Xiuxianists and Xiumoists. It doesn’t matter what kind of Xiuzhenist you are, as long as you’re powerful, who would dare to doubt your eligibility to be the tower master?”

“Three-Eyed, you got any doubts?”

With his green hair fluttering, Grand Founder Three-Eyed says smilingly: “Doubt what? Brother Qin Yu alone is strong enough. Also, his brother Hou Fei is a divine beast. They undoubtedly deserve to be the Stellar Tower’s masters.”

When the Azure Dragon Palace and the Blue Water Mansion of the other 3 underwater major powers have said so, could the Nine Demons Hall still dare to call this into question?

“You’re indeed brave, tower master Qin Yu. I admire you. I really do.” Di Long says ambiguously, but Di Jian and the others say nothing.

Seeming not to notice Di Long’s mocking tone, Qin Yu says with a nod: “This Qian Long continent is my territory. I can be considered the boss here so I certainly got to do my best to welcome you. First, let me introduce the Qian Long continent to everybody a bit.”

“Then I have to thank you, tower master Qin Yu.” Reverend Yan Xu says with a smile.

Yi Da also looks at Qin Yu with curiosity.

Qin Yu says smilingly: “This Qian Long continent is divided into 3 big dynasties, the Qin dynasty, the Ming dynasty and the Han dynasty. Each of them has several billion people, and when put together, they have a shocking population of 10 billion.”

“10 billion!” Azure Dragon exclaims. “Mortals are really numerous. Though the overseas Xiuzhen world is much larger than this Qian Long continent, it’s got fewer than 10 million Xiuzhenists. But the number of mortals here is near 10 billion.”

Reverend Yan Xu says with a smile: “Mortals are numerous but they’re too weak. They’re simply not in the same league as us Xiuzhenists.”

“You’re right, Reverend Yan Xu. 10 billion? Humph, if we really want to massacre them all, just 100 Xiuzhenists will be enough. We can definitely annihilate this continent’s population.” A large man from the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon says. This man has long, completely blood-red hair.

Yi Da says with a cold humph: “Jiao Jiu, you can massacre them if you want your Yanmo school to be destroyed.”

This time Yi Da brings Jiao Jiu and Situ Xue with him. These 2 people have both reached the early Kongming stage and they are the ones locked up in prison by Yi Da for 3 whole years in the past.

“I’m just saying.” Jiao Jiu grumbles.

Qin Yu continues: “The Qian Long continent has many mortals, but it also has many demonic beasts. In the east of this continent, there’s a massive wilderness with a great number of demonic beasts. The deeper you go into it, the tougher the demonic beasts you’ll see are. The deep parts of this wilderness may even have Dujie stage and Dacheng stage demonic beasts.”

He is not bullshitting with these words at all.

According to a book talking about this wilderness left behind by Lei Wei, even Lei Wei did not dare to venture into the deep parts of the wilderness. It can be seen from this that those parts have formidable demonic beasts because, after all, Lei Wei was an expert capable of killing Dacheng stage Xiuxianists.

“Dujie stage? Dacheng stage?”

The faces of Azure Dragon, Grand Founder Three-Eyed, Reverend Yan Xu, Yi Da and the others change color greatly.

If there are Dujie stage and Dacheng stage demonic beasts, this group of Xiuzhenists will have absolutely no way to deal with them.

“Are you sure about this, brother Qin Yu? This isn’t something you can joke about.” Azure Dragon says solemnly to Qin Yu. He has heard that the Qian Long continent’s wilderness has demonic beasts, but because the overseas Xiuzhen world has always looked down on a continent of mortals like the Qian Long continent so he has thought that they are merely some normal demonic beasts.

However, today Qin Yu has unexpectedly said that there are Dujie stage and Dacheng stage demonic beasts in the wilderness.

“Of course I am.” Qin Yu says seriously: “This matter is recorded in the books of my school.”

This is indeed recorded in the books of Qin Yu’s school, but Azure Dragon and the others immediately link his school with Uncle Lan.

“If so, this is most probably true.” They immediately become serious.

Azure Dragon is the most powerful in the overseas Xiuzhen world. As a divine beast of the early Kongming stage, he is comparable to an early Dujie stage Xiuxianist. However, the Wilderness has Dujie stage and Dacheng stage demonic beasts and, moreover, the top demonic beasts are generally divine beasts.

“If there are Dujie stage and Dacheng stage divine beasts, then ...” When Azure Dragon thinks to this point, his heart trembles with fear.

Immediately, this group of Xiuzhenists from the overseas Xiuzhen world is frightened.

“Ha-ha, don’t worry too much, everybody. In this wilderness, we’ll see stronger demonic beasts as we go deeper. As long as we don’t go deep and provoke those formidable demonic beasts, we’ll be okay, right? So, why worry like that?” Qin Yu advises.

“Bunch of cowards.” Yi Da says with a cold humph.

Azure Dragon gives him a cold look: “Yi Da, only a fool is mindlessly brave.”

Even though Azure Dragon is the no. 1 expert of the overseas Xiuzhen world, Yi Da is still a late Kongming stage Xiumoist so the difference in power between them is not big at all. Moreover, Yi Da has very strange offense so he does not fear Azure Dragon in the least.

“Let’s not argue, gentlemen. We’ve come here to search for the 9th jade sword and definitely not to fight the wilderness’s demonic beasts.” Reverend Yan Xu says smilingly.

After these words were said, everybody relaxes immediately.

“Ha-ha, that’s right. Why worry, everybody? We’ve come here only to find the 9th jade sword. What does the formidability of the demonic beasts deep in the wilderness have to do with us?” Lou Ke on one side of Grand Founder Three-Eyed laughs out loud and says.

Everybody keeps discussing while flying extremely fast.

“The Qin dynasty, we’ve arrived in the Qin dynasty.”

Qin Yu’s eyes glisten.

“Qin Yu, you said your home is in the Qin dynasty. Do you want to go home?” Li’er says with a smile: “If you’ve reached your homeland, you should go home to take a look first. Perhaps your family will be very excited to see you.”

Qin Yu looks at one city after another and one town after another then says with a shake of his head: “My father and family should be in the Qin dynasty but I don’t know exactly where they are now. Perhaps I only know where my 2nd brother is.”

Qin Zheng is the reigning emperor of the Qin dynasty so he should be in the Imperial Palace unless some serious incident has happened.

“Don’t be anxious, brother Qin Yu. Let’s go find the 9th sword first. We’ll see the result very soon, in just a couple of days. After that, it won’t be late for you to go back and meet your family again.” Azure Dragon laughs out loud and says. Suddenly he says frowningly: “Qin Yu, how long has it been since you joined your school and started to practice? Are your mortal parents still living?”

Qin Yu is startled.

“You’re wrong, Overlord Azure Dragon. My father is also a Xiuzhenist.” He explains.

Azure Dragon understands right away.

The group keeps heading east directly.

“We’re in the 3 Eastern region counties but still going east. Could it be the 9th jade sword is in the Wilderness?” Qin Yu says frowningly.

Hearing this, the other several tens Xiuzhenists all frown. Everybody looks at the 8 swords and sees them continue flying east straight without any hesitation. After some time, the 3 Eastern region counties have been left behind.

As soon as the group crosses the boundary of the Wilderness, they feel a sharp rise in holy energy density.

“This wilderness seems to be a good place too.” Azure Dragon exclaims.

Qin Yu immediately says loudly: “Everybody, the power of the demonic beasts in this wilderness isn’t something to look down upon. Last time I encountered 2 divine beasts near its edge so all of you must be careful.”

“2 divine beasts?” Azure Dragon frowns. Divine beasts are highly gifted and progress extremely fast in practice. “There are 2 divine beasts near the edge, then how many divine beasts are there in this entire wilderness? Since when have divine beasts become so easy to find?”

Hou Fei says: “Kaka, are you afraid, Azure Dragon? But the density of demonic beasts in this wilderness is really much higher than in the overseas Xiuzhen world so we’d better be careful and fly a bit slower.”

Everybody cannot help slowing down. After all, this is the Wilderness.

“Oh?”

Qin Yu has noticed that prairie where he met a Dragon Rocky lion in the past. Not far from the Dragon Rocky lion, there was a divine beast Hong Luan. However, at the moment he cannot detect the existence of those divine beasts. That prairie is also no longer devoid of demonic beasts as before.

Now that prairie is full of demonic beasts and wild beasts.

“Where has the Dragon Rocky lion gone?” Qin Yu is very doubtful. It has been only 10 years, but both the Dragon Rocky lion and the Hong Luan have unexpectedly disappeared.

All of a sudden --

“What’s happening to the jade swords?” Everybody notices that the 8 flying swords are starting to shake, seeming to be affected by something. They then look as if they want to fly in different directions. At the same time, the whirr of the shaking becomes louder.

Reverend Yan Xu shouts at once: “Everybody, this wilderness is very mysterious. My secret method is no longer effective here. Let’s take back our own swords quickly.”

The 6 bosses take back their own jade swords right away.

“What happened, Yan Xu?” Azure Dragon shouts.

Reverend Yan Xu also says doubtfully with a shake of his head: “Actually I’m not sure what happened either. In theory, these 8 swords should fly in the same direction until they reach the location of the 9th jade sword. But ... just now they unexpectedly wanted to fly in different directions. This is absurd. There is only one 9th jade sword and it must be at one place, so why did these 8 swords want to fly in different directions?”

Hearing this, everybody knows what went wrong.

The 9th jade sword must be in one direction, but why did the other 8 swords want to fly in different directions?

“Now the only way to find it is ... to quickly gather a large number of Xiuzhenists to this place then tell them to search every piece of land with their holy senses.” Grand Founder Three-Eyed says coldly.

At the moment, both he and Azure Dragon are very frustrated.

Because the Stellar Tower is nearest the Qian Long continent, in the past they gave Qin Yu 2 caves each. These caves are next to the Stellar Tower and also next to the Qian Long continent.

The Wilderness is immense and is covered with countless large forests, mountain ranges and ravines so if these several tens Xiuzhenists search by themselves, who knows when they will find the 9th sword? Now they can only rely on their subordinates.

Azure Dragon, Grand Founder Three-Eyed, Di Long, Yi Da and Reverend Yan Xu take out their transmitters almost simultaneously and begin to order their respective subordinates to hurry to the Qian Long continent.

From now on, large forces from the overseas Xiuzhen world are going to gather on the Qian Long continent so naturally there is bound to be a storm here.

“Everybody, I got to go home first. This Qin dynasty is my homeland. If any of you wants to look around, I can arrange for someone to help you.”

Qin Yu says smilingly to the other Xiuzhenists.

All of these top figures of the overseas Xiuzhen world immediately bid farewell to him and say that they will come to visit him and sightsee the Qian Long continent when they have time. After that, Qin Yu flies towards the Qin dynasty with Li’er, Hou Fei and Hei Yu.

“Father, I’m back.” Qin Yu cannot suppress the excitement on his face.

Li’er says smilingly: “Look at you, Qin Yu. You’re smiling so big that you look like a clown. Right, when you meet your father, how are you going to introduce us?”

“Fei Fei and Xiao Hei will naturally be my brothers. As for you, big younger sister? It’s no good. I’d better ... My father is very wise so he should be able to associate you with me. There should be no need for me to introduce you. I’m a little shy, you know.” Qin Yu says deliberately. Right afterwards, he speeds up, flying through the air extremely fast like a beam of light.

Li’er becomes both shy and angry. She immediately chases after him with a movement of her feet.

“Let go of me! It really hurts!” Qin Yu’s painful cries resound ...

End of b8c1.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8, 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C2: 3 brothers’ reunion

Qin Yu, Li’er, Hou Fei and Hei Yu fly without stopping. First they pass Yan City then they pass Misty Villa. However, on the way Qin Yu does not see any of his close relatives. Therefore Qin Yu is now heading straight for the Imperial Palace.

“Junior sister, junior sister, okay?”

Under Li’er’s ‘oppression’, he finally yields.

“This is about right.” Li’er’s face relaxes into a smile. “All right, why haven’t you called your subordinates in? The other 5 powers have all already told their forces to come and search for the 9th sword.”

Qin Yu says smilingly: “I’m not worried that I’m taking time either as my Stellar Tower is nearest the Qian Long continent. Forget it. I better send 10,000 guards to this place.” He takes out a transmitter and immediately messages the manager of the Stellar Tower -- Zhuang Zhong.

......

In the Stellar Tower,

Zhuang Zhong is being served by ladies-in-waiting and leisurely eating the fruits presented by various caves, feeling extremely comfortable.

Suddenly --

He frowningly takes out a transmitter and makes a sweep with his holy sense.

“Zhuang Zhong, tell 4 guardians, Yan Rui, Liang Tan, Wu Yan and Xu Dong, to take 10 companies, 10,000 guards in total, to hurry to the Qian Long continent as fast as possible.” Seeing this order sent by Qin Yu, Zhuang Zhong makes a roll and gets up.

He first sends a reply to Qin Yu then hurriedly shouts an order.

“This is a call-up. All of the guardians and company leaders quickly go to the Sun Moon Hall without delay!” After saying so loudly, he hurriedly changes into a different set of clothes and rushes to the Sun Moon Hall extremely fast.

In the Sun Moon Hall,

The 8 guardians and 30 company leaders have gathered.

With a solemn expression, Zhuang Zhong says loudly: “Tower master has given an order.”

The 8 guardians and 30 company leaders immediately bow, waiting for the order.

“Guardians Yan Rui, Liang Tan, Wu Yan and Xu Dong take 10,000 guards, including the 1st to the 10th companies, to quickly head for the Qian Long continent and then wait for tower master’s orders. No delay is allowed. Set off immediately!”

Zhuang Zhong shouts solemnly.

“Yes sir!”

Yan Rui and the other 3 guardians and the leaders of those 10 companies bow and shout obediently. Afterwards they turn around and prepare to start out.

Zhuang Zhong and the others also go out of the Stellar Tower and stand near the main gate. At the moment, various groups of guards are flying out from the guard quarters. In just a while, a large area at the bottom of the ocean has become thickly dotted with guards. They are none other than the members of those 10 companies.

They immediately stand firmly in midair in 10 long lines. The 10 leaders of the companies stand at the front of the lines and the 4 guardians are in front of them all.

“Start!”

Yan Rui is the leader among the 8 guardians so she is naturally the leader of this operation. After that order was shouted, the 10,000 guards of the 10 companies break out of the water directly under the command of the 4 guardians and fly north straight on their flying swords.

10,000 guards!

A large area in the sky is thickly dotted with them. On the Qian Long continent, just a few Jindan stage Xiuzhenists are already called Shangxian, but today the Stellar Tower is sending out a group of 10,000 Xiuzhenists, led by 4 guardians who have all reached the Dongxu stage.

......

In Shang Qin County of the Qin dynasty on the Qian Long continent,

This Shang Qin County was originally Ba Chu County. Because there was a change of dynasties, the name of Ba Chu County naturally had to be changed. The Imperial Palace is vast so Qin De did not want to spend a huge amount of materials rebuilding it. Therefore, he made the capital city of this county the capital of the new dynasty.

The center of Shang Qin County’s vast territory is none other than the capital.

While flying along the old river Wu, Hei Yu suddenly makes sounds. He has also mastered this Ventriloquism technique recently. This is not a formidable secret technique so Hei Yu’s hereditary memories do not have it and he had to talk with guardian Yan Rui of the Stellar Tower and learn it from her.

“Big brother, do you still remember this place?” Hei Yu says using Ventriloquism.

They have been flying along the river Wu for a long time but this place is where Qin Yu and Xiao Hei fought Xiang Yang before.

“Of course I do.” Qin Yu says with a sigh. “In a full-moon night on the river Wu, you and I fought Xiang Yang together. It was only because of this battle that my Qin clan was able to completely destroy the Xiang clan and take control of this country to establish a new dynasty.”

Hou Fei blinks a couple of times and says curiously: “What? Established a new dynasty? Fought Xiang Yang? Tell me about them, big brother. They sound very much like legends.”

Hei Yu says coldly: “A sky-piercing meteor and two high-hanging moons in a full-moon night on the river Wu, humph, humph, monkey, my and big brother’s great achievement isn’t something you can imagine.”

Hou Fei becomes so angry that his eyes blaze: “What are you arrogant for, mixed hairy bird? What else have you done besides following big brother since you were little? If I were you, I would’ve been able to turn that Xiang Yang fella or something into minced meat with a blow of my stick.”

Hei Yu turns his head with a ‘humph’ and does not even give Hou Fei a look. Hou Fei cannot help getting furious.

Qin Yu says smilingly: “Don’t argue, Fei Fei, Xiao Hei. Actually not much happened at that time either. It’s just that Xiang Yang stopped the army of my Qin clan at the most crucial moment and even threatened to eliminate the Qin clan so Xiao Hei and I had to get into action and remove this obstacle.”

While talking about this, Qin Yu and the others quickly cover several thousand li. Now they have arrived at the outside of the capital.

It is in the early morning at the moment so the capital gates are wide open and all the vendors are already putting their stalls on display.

Qin Yu and the other 3 stand in midair above the Imperial Palace. With a sweep of his holy sense, he notices his 2nd brother and big brother.

He says hesitantly: “There’s a morning court going on at the moment. Big brother and 2nd brother are both in the audience hall so we better wait for a while.”

“Why should we? Let’s use a concealing spell and go for a stroll in the audience hall first. I don’t think those mortals will see us.” Hou Fei says in an unconcerned manner. This concealing spell can deceive the eye but is ineffective against a Xiuzhenist’s holy sense.

Li’er also says with a little excitement: “A morning court? Good, Qin Yu, I’ve never seen one. Let’s go.”

Qin Yu has no choice but to agree: “All right, but let me tell you something first. Those officials and generals are all mortals so all of you shouldn’t play tricks on them. And when you’ve arrived in the audience hall, be well-behaved a bit.”

“Kaka, don’t worry.”

Hou Fei is the first to dive down quickly. His body disappears in broad daylight immediately like a flash. However, using their holy sense a Xiuzhenist would easily notice that he is diving down extremely fast.

Afterwards, Qin Yu, Li’er and Hei Yu also dive down.

......

In the audience hall,

Qin Zheng is sitting high in the throne. There is a natural, kingly air of majesty about him. The civil officials and generals are standing in 2 lines in the hall. Qin Yu’s big brother, Qin Feng, is at the top of one line. He is a marshal and also a prince so naturally he occupies the top position.

“Your Majesty, Zhen Yang County has reported that the dikes along the river Wu have burst recently due to continual heavy rain. Xu Ling City, Lan City and several other cities of Zhen Yang County have suffered a serious flood which has left more than a million people destitute and homeless ...”

After listening to this official’s report, Qin Zheng frowns deeply.

“Do you have the details of the situation?” Qin Zheng says coldly. At the moment he is very unhappy.

The official immediately says: “This is the detailed information on the cities and regions hit by the disaster.” He takes out from his long sleeve an envelope. A eunuch then receives it and hands it to Qin Zheng directly.

......

Standing in a corner of the audience hall watching his 2nd brother handle national affairs, Qin Yu cannot help giving a faint smile. Even though there are considerable distances between the matters of mortals and those of Xiuzhenists, Qin Yu left home just about 10 years ago so he still has the heart of a mortal.

“The important things to do now are, firstly, provide housing for the disaster victims, and secondly, control the flood and prevent further disasters by draining the water and filling the gaps in the dikes ...”

Qin Zheng gives his orders very quickly.

He dispatches an imperial envoy and orders the 200,000 regular troops and the 300,000 strong reserves of Zhen Yang County to work together to control the flood and prevent further disasters. The orders regarding the food and clothing to relieve the disaster victims are also given very quickly.

“Court ends!”

The high-pitched voice of a eunuch rises. Afterwards, the officials leave the audience hall in order.

“Big brother, 2nd brother.”

Qin Yu says to Qin Feng and Qin Zheng directly through holy sense communication.

The body of Qin Zheng, who is still pondering disaster-related matters, gets a shock. He then goes into ecstasy. Qin Feng, who has already walked out of the hall, turns around and returns. A light flashes on Qin Yu’s body as he removes his concealing spell and appears in the audience hall.

“Xiao Yu!”

Seeing Qin Yu appear in the hall suddenly, Qin Zheng and Qin Feng both look at him in disbelief.

Compared to when he left the Qian Long continent, Qin Yu looks almost the same. Only he has become even more mature, his eyes are even more profound and his body automatically gives off an oppressive air, which is what someone in a high position of power naturally possesses.

The head eunuch is about to shout ‘assassin’, but he immediately swallows this word back into his stomach when he notices the expressions and tones of the emperor and the prince.

“Big brother! 2nd brother!” Qin Yu cannot suppress the rapture on his face.

Qin Zheng immediately rushes down the hall. The 3 brothers then hug each other passionately all of a sudden.

“Ha-ha, Xiao Yu, I never thought you’d leave for 10 whole years. We’ve been terribly worried for the past 10 years because there’s been no news about you. Ha-ha ...” Qin Zheng laughs out loud. He is obviously very excited at the moment.

Qin Feng also hugs Qin Yu tightly: “Who could’ve thought? Who could’ve thought? It’s been 10 years, oh my, 10 years.”

“Haven’t I just returned?” Qin Yu also laughs out loud happily.

At this moment, Li’er, Hei Yu and Hou Fei also remove their concealing spells and appear in front of Qin Feng and Qin Zheng, which startles them. They certainly know Xiao Hei but do not know Hou Fei and Li’er.

“Xiao Yu, they are ...” Qin Zheng asks doubtfully.

Qin Yu introduces smilingly: “You must already know Xiao Hei. This is ...”

“Kaka, I’m Hou Fei. Qin Yu is my big brother. You two brats are my big brother’s 2nd and big brothers, but you’re really too weak. Forget it. I can manage to consider you my brothers.” Hou Fei says while shaking his head conceitedly.

Qin Feng says with a smile: “Xiao Yu, this brother of yours is really straightforward.”

As a marshal, he has met many straightforward men in the army. Those men only respect power. It does not matter how high your rank is, they will only trust you if you are stronger than them.

“Is this ... my sister-in-law?” Qin Zheng looks at Li’er and says.

Qin Yu however intentionally remains silent. Only when Li’er seems to be about to get mad does he say smilingly: “2nd brother, this is my junior sister Li’er. She’s my junior sister, not your sister-in-law yet.”

“Not our sister-in-law yet? I already know what you mean, Xiao Yu.” Qin Feng says with an enlightened expression. “Now she isn’t, but in the future she’ll be, right? Am I wrong ... Miss Li’er?”

Li’er is staring at Qin Yu.

“You’ll pay for this, Qin Yu.”

Those ‘cruel’ words rise in his mind, but he smiles contentedly. He knows that Li’er is shy and she will only become somewhat lively in front of those she is on familiar terms with, and she will not ‘turn violent’ in front of strangers.

“Big brother, 2nd brother, don’t make fun of my junior sister. Right, where’s father? And where’s Uncle Feng?” Qin Yu says smilingly.

Qin Zheng says without delay: “Father and Uncle Feng are doing closed-door training. You’re unlucky to come here at this time. But they should come out within a half year. Last time father did closed-door training for a year and this time he’s been doing it for almost a half year.”

Qin Yu is a little sad because he cannot see his father right away.

“No problem. Now I’ve already got my own territory in the overseas Xiuzhen world so I’m in no hurry to leave either. There’ll be no problem even if I stay here for 100 or 200 years.” He says with a smile.

With his current top speed, he can reach the Stellar Tower from the Qian Long continent in just a few days. And after going through the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, perhaps he will even be able to cover the distance between the Stellar Tower and the Qian Long continent in a day.

“Ha-ha, this is good. We brothers won’t have to live apart anymore.” Qin Zheng says with loud laughter. Then he suddenly remembers one thing and says: “Xiao Yu, do you know that big brother is going to take on the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation soon?”

“Oh?”

Qin Yu is delighted. He immediately makes a sweep with holy sense and sees that Qin Feng is already at the peak of the Xiantian level and indeed will undergo the Minor Tribulation anytime soon.

“The 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation? Using a middle-grade holy weapon, big brother can definitely overcome it with ease. Ha-ha ... 2nd brother, you got to practice hard too, so that we brothers will never have to be apart. But why haven’t you reached the Xiantian level?” With that sweep of his holy sense, Qin Yu has naturally discovered Qin Zheng’s power level.

Qin Zheng says with frustration: “I’m no good at practicing. There’s nothing I can do as I’m not gifted.”

“Not gifted what?” Qin Yu is now one of the 6 big leaders of the overseas Xiuzhen world at any rate, so if he could not even help his relatives reach the Xiantian level then he would be too useless.

“Don’t worry. I’ll make a batch of pills for you sometime, helping you reach the Xiantian level directly.” Qin Yu has obtained Treasure Storing Palace and it has very many materials. “If you don’t want to wait, I’ll ask Reverend Yan Xu and the others for several Base Building Pills.”

He says in a totally unconcerned manner. In the Xiuzhen world, the important disciples of schools generally take Base Building Pills in the beginning to quickly establish their foundations and reach the Xiantian level.

To mortal internal practitioners, the Xiantian level is very hard to reach, but to Xiuzhenists, it is only the starting step. Given Qin Yu’s current status, he can obtain Base Building Pills at will.

End of b8c2.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8, 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C3: Escalation

“Base Building Pills?” Qin Zheng has never heard of this kind of pill.

Qin Yu says smilingly: “2nd brother, Xiuzhenists use these Base Building Pills to set their foundations. If ordinary people take and completely absorb these pills, they can consolidate their foundations well and reach the Xiantian level. You basically don’t have to do something so complex like internal practicing.”

“I never thought there were such holy pills. With a large number of these pills, won’t it be possible to obtain a large number of Xiantian experts?” Qin Zheng is the monarch of a country so he still thinks about national benefits. On the Qian Long continent, a Xiantian expert is already considered extraordinary.

If he can obtain a large batch of Xiantian experts, his country’s military power will indeed be improved by one level.

Qin Yu says smilingly with a shake of his head: “You’re wrong, 2nd brother. Xiantian experts don’t mean anything. Without forming the jindans, they simply aren’t considered Xiuzhenists. A Base Building Pill is much more valuable than a Xiantian expert. Even though it is a relatively basic pill, it requires 7 medicinal materials to make, and the method of making it is also a secret. Small Xiuzhen schools generally can’t obtain this kind of pill.”

Qin Zheng is extremely smart so he understands immediately: “Ha-ha, Xiao Yu, I’m just a mortal so I consider from a different point of view to yours. According to what you said, Base Building Pills are precious, but you can still get them, looks like you’ve been doing pretty well in the overseas Xiuzhen world.”

Qin Yu is his own brother so Qin Zheng is talking a bit more casually and freely.

“Nothing special, nothing special.” Qin Yu has rarely been in such a good mood as he currently is.

Qin Feng however says laughingly: “2nd brother, Xiao Yu, ha-ha, we shouldn’t keep chatting in this audience hall. Let’s find a place to sit down first then talk. We’ve been apart for 10 years so we must have a real nice talk this time.”

“That’s right, that’s right.” Qin Zheng hurriedly says. “See, I’m so busy that I’m like this. All right, let’s go to Hundred Official Pavilion in the Imperial Garden first then talk.”

Suddenly Qin Zheng orders the eunuch standing near him: “Manager Wang, you quickly dispatch people to summon the empress, the ladies and my princes and princesses to Hundred Official Pavilion to meet our family’s 3rd Uncle. Moreover, also quickly invite my sister-in-law and Princess Fei Ya.”

“Yes, Your Majesty.”

The head eunuch immediately goes to transmit the order.

Qin Zheng talks to other people ceremoniously but talks to his brothers informally because, firstly, there is a deep brotherhood between them, and secondly, he knows that Qin Yu is a Xiuzhenist. Even though he is an emperor, he is only a mortal emperor. And Qin Feng is also someone about to undergo the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation.

Hou Fei is chatting with Li’er and Hei Yu on one side. Hearing Qin Zheng say so, he suddenly bursts into laughter while holding his stomach.

“Kaka, did you hear what your 2nd brother said, big brother? He’s got an empress, various ladies, and many princes and princesses. Wow, that’s a whole bunch of people. But look at you. You don’t even have a wife. Sis Li’er, you should help my big brother find a wife sometime.” Hou Fei unexpectedly turns to Li’er and says.

Li’er hits Hou Fei’s head with a swing of her sleeve and reprimands: “Don’t make fun of me, Fei Fei.”

But right afterwards, she smiles again and looks at Qin Yu: “Qin Yu, both your big and 2nd brothers are married and have children but you have nothing. When are you going to find a wife? If you really want me to help you, I won’t mind helping you find one either.”

Facing her seemingly smiling expression, Qin Yu responds by keeping his mouth shut.

Seeing the way Qin Yu and Li’er are interacting with each other, Qin Feng and Qin Zheng cannot help exchanging a smile.

“All right, Xiao Yu, let’s go to Hundred Official Pavilion in the Imperial Garden first.” Qin Feng laughs out loud and says. Afterwards, the 3 brothers, Li’er, Hou Fei and Hei Yu head for that pavilion in the Imperial Garden together. Every royal guard on the way looks at Qin Yu in amazement.

Qin Feng, Qin Zheng and Qin Yu are blood brothers so they certainly look very similar to each other.

Seeing that their emperor and prince are going together with a strange man so excitedly and closely, naturally those guards are greatly shocked. In the Imperial Palace, legend has it that Qin Feng and Qin Zheng once had a 3rd brother.

However, nobody has seen this person for the last 10 years so most of the royal guards think that this is just a rumor. Today, as soon as they see Qin Yu, they can all draw a conclusion and believe that tomorrow some news will come out from the Imperial Palace.

......

In Hundred Official Pavilion in the Imperial Garden,

This pavilion is rectangular with a width of about 6 m and a length of 20 to 30 m. Qin Zheng has asked some officials to remain here to enjoy sumptuous feasts with the royal family many times. At the moment, Qin Zheng is sitting in the master seat. Qin Yu and Qin Feng are sitting on either side of him.

“2nd brother, somehow I feel that there’s a little sadness on your forehead. Could there be a difficult problem? Just tell me about it.” Qin Yu immediately says.

Even though Qin Zheng and Qin Feng are currently very enthusiastic, Qin Yu still notices a marked note of sadness on Qin Zheng’s forehead. To his knowledge, his 2nd brother is exceptionally tough-minded. It must be a serious matter to be able to make his 2nd brother like this.

Qin Zheng is startled, but he dissembles instantly and says with a smile: “It’s nothing. I’m just worried by the news about the disastrous flood just now. After all, a million people have become destitute and homeless.”

“Oh.”

Qin Yu responds, but he does not believe this at all because moments ago in the audience hall he saw his 2nd brother handle this flood matter very easily. Given Qin Zheng’s disposition, the flood definitely cannot make him like this. However, because his 2nd brother does not want to tell him, Qin Yu cannot ask many times either.

“It’s delicious! Wow, to tell the truth, though mortals are a little weak, these foods are much tastier than what we got in the Stellar Tower.” Hou Fei is eating with great relish.

Xiuzhenists spend most of their time training hard so what Xiuyaoists would immerse themselves in the culinary art?

In terms of cooking, how can Xiuyaoists compare to mortal royalty? In the Stellar Tower, some fruits proffered by various regions are a bit new and unique, but its dishes are absolutely far inferior to these royal dishes.

At the moment, there are nearly 100 dishes on the long table in Hundred Official Pavilion.

“Brother Hou Fei, Xiuzhenists can do anything, like flying into the sky or going into the ground, but I don’t think those Xiuzhenists and Shangxian have enough time to master such a trivial art as cooking.” Qin Zheng says smilingly. Saying that Xiuzhenists have no time to master the art of cooking is just the same as saying that royal dishes are superior to those prepared by Xiuzhenists.

Hou Fei says in agreement: “Um, you’re right. Many of those Xiuzhenists don’t even eat anything at all. Well ... by not eating delicious foods, they’ve lost a great way of having fun. Tut-tut, so tasty!” He grabs a roast gigot and begins to eat with large bites.

“Fei Fei, mind your image a bit.”

Qin Yu reprimands. Hou Fei eating this way makes him feel embarrassed.

In the Stellar Tower, because most members are Xiuyaoists, naturally he did not care about how Hou Fei ate. But this is the Imperial Palace. Qin Yu was born in a prince’s family so he knows social etiquette, which must be paid even more attention to in the Imperial Palace.

The way Hou Fei is eating and drinking even makes the eyes of the attending eunuchs and ladies-in-waiting pop out of their heads.

......

In the Ming dynasty on the Qian Long continent,

The reigning Ming emperor Zhu Yan is following 5 Shangxian. The leading Shangxian is a handsome young man, who is dressed in a jade-green robe, looking very attractive.

“You always want to meet the VIPs from the overseas Xiuzhen world, don’t you, Zhu Yan?” The leading jade-green-robed young man looks back and says smilingly.

An idea springs to Zhu Yan’s mind. He immediately says with a smile: “Shangxian Dongfang, could it be you want to introduce me to a VIP of the overseas Xiuzhen world this time? Your Chaoyang school is already an outstanding big school. Could it be an even more important figure will come here?”

This jade-green robed young man is none other than Dongfang Yu, the junior master of the Chaoyang school. He has reached the early Yuanying stage so naturally he can be considered a super expert in this mortal world.

The Chaoyang school is the largest Xiuxian school within a million li south of the Qian Long continent. It is much larger than Fengyuzi’s Pure Sword school with between 2000 and 3000 disciples. It should be known that generally only the islands in the center for Xiuxianists -- the Penglai Immortal Region -- have schools with several thousand disciples each. In the border area, with so many disciples, the Chaoyang school can indeed be regarded as a super school.

This time Dongfang Yu has taken 2 disciples to the Qian Long continent to go on a trip out of boredom. The 2 Shangxian of the Ming dynasty are none other than the Chaoyang school’s disciples so naturally they have welcomed him with respect. And Dongfang Yu has been staying in the imperial palace of the Ming dynasty since then.

“My Chaoyang school is undoubtedly the no. 1 school within a million li of this place, but ... there are very many Xiuxian schools. The center for Xiuxianists is the Penglai Immortal Region, which is hundreds of millions of li away. There are more than a million Xiuxianists over there.” Although Dongfang Yu is naturally arrogant, he is very respectful when mentioning the Penglai Immortal Region.

As a dynasty’s emperor, Zhu Yan certainly knows quite a lot about the Xiuzhen world, but he is still scared stiff by the facts that the Penglai Immortal Region has over a million Xiuxianists and that it is hundreds of millions of li away.

“More than a million?! What a great number!” Zhu Yan exclaims.

Dongfang Yu says with a cold laugh: “You’re pretty lucky to know this secret. Let me tell you something. The people coming here today are the top-ranking figures of the Penglai Immortal Region. Now listen carefully, if you treat them improperly, not even my father will be able to save your Ming dynasty, let alone myself.” He warns solemnly.

“Top-ranking figures of the Penglai Immortal Region?” Zhu Yan’s heart begins to beat like a drum and he can feel its continual thumping in his ears.

Taking a deep breath, he says: “Shangxian Dongfang, I’ll definitely welcome these top figures to the best of my ability. May I ask what I must prepare?”

Dongfang Yu says with an indifferent smile: “You don’t have to prepare too much because these kinds of experts don’t pursue materialistic enjoyment. Remember not to let those mortals disturb them. Besides, their staying place must be clean and quiet. You’ll also have to behave respectfully. Don’t annoy those seniors.”

Dongfang Yu actually has just received a message from his father.

His father tells him that the people coming this time are all extraordinary and far superior to his father in power and status and the leader is even the no. 1 figure of the Penglai Immortal Region. It can be said that these several people represent the top echelons of the Penglai Immortal Region.

The Penglai Immortal Region’s top echelons are definitely the top echelons of Xiuxianists in the overseas Xiuzhen world.

“Everybody stands firm. Don’t move in disorder. We only need to wait here. Those seniors are very powerful so they can certainly know we’re here with a holy sense sweep.” Dongfang Yu shouts to the fidgeting Chaoyang school’s disciples on one side of him.

Immediately, nobody dares to move anymore.

After a long time --

3 silhouettes shoot towards them extremely fast from the horizon. They arrive in the airspace of the imperial palace instantly then walk down from the clouds like strolling in an empty courtyard. Their leisurely godlike manner awes the several people on the ground greatly.

The comers are none other than Reverend Yan Xu, Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng.

“It is an honor to meet you, seniors. I am Dongfang Yu. The Chaoyang school’s headmaster is my father.” Dongfang Yu says very respectfully.

The people behind him are not even eligible to talk.

Reverend Yan Xu responds with an indifferent sound while Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng pay no attention to him.

The Chaoyang school is the no. 1 school within a million li of the Qian Long continent but it does not mean anything in the eyes of the Penglai Immortal Region. The top expert of this school has only reached the early Dongxu stage whereas these 3 reverends are all at the Kongming stage.

Reverend Huo Ting’s eyes suddenly brighten. He arrives at the side Zhu Yan like a flash and looks at Zhu Yan interestedly, saying: “Brat, you don’t have any elemental energy. Could you be the Ming dynasty’s emperor?”

Zhu Yan says respectfully at once: “I am exactly the Ming dynasty’s emperor Zhu Yan. It is an honor to meet you, senior.”

Reverend Huo Tian nods his head with satisfaction.

This time Reverend Yan Xu comes here to ask that Chaoyang school for help so naturally he cannot be too arrogant.

“Dongfang, this time your father and I have an agreement. He is going to quickly send 2000 disciples, 1000 from his school and 1000 from nearby schools, to the Qian Long continent for me to command. I believe you already know about this.” Reverend Yan Xu says with an indifferent smile.

Dongfang Yu says respectfully: “I know about this, senior. My Chaoyang school feels honored to be able to work for you.”

Reverend Yan Xu nods with satisfaction.

This is no surprise. If time was not tight, given the power of the Penglai Immortal Region, even mobilizing 100,000 Xiuxianists would be no problem. However, now he needs a large number of Xiuxianists as soon as possible. Therefore, he had to message the headmaster of the Chaoyang school.

“Very good, Dongfang, you only have to prepare a staying place for the 3 of us and don’t need to care about the other matters.” Reverend Yan Xu orders.

Reverend Huo Tian says smilingly: “Reverend Yan Xu, you go to our staying place first. Now I’m pretty interested in this mortal world so I’ll go look around with this emperor Zhu Yan.” He then says laughingly to Zhu Yan: “Let’s go, Zhu Yan.”

“Please follow me, senior.”

Zhu Yan immediately leads Reverend Huo Tian to go enjoy various interesting things of the mortal world.

......

In Hundred Official Pavilion in the Imperial Garden of the Qin dynasty,

“It’s nice to meet you, 3rd Uncle.”

“It’s nice to meet you, 3rd brother-in-law.”

The empress of the Qin dynasty leads several tens imperial concubines and 10-odd princes and princesses saluting Qin Yu. Naturally this empress and these imperial concubines are all young and breathtakingly beautiful. The oldest among those princes and princesses are only 8 to 9 years old and the youngest ones have not even been weaned.

NOTE:

Chaoyang school = Sun Facing school

Dongfang = East

End of b8c3

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8, 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C4: Deceiving

These 10-odd princes and princesses all open their black eyes wide and look at the 3rd uncle they have never met before. The empress and concubines however heard the legend of this 3rd brother-in-law long ago. The word about that battle on the river Wu in the past has definitely spread throughout the Qian Long continent.

One side of the battle on the river Wu was none other than their 3rd brother-in-law so naturally at the moment the empress and the concubines all observe this brother-in-law carefully to see how extraordinary he actually is.

“Ha-ha, Xiao Yu, the empress, the ladies and the little ones are all looking at you. Could it be you haven’t prepared some meeting gifts?” Qin Feng on one side says jokingly. Qin Zheng also looks playfully at Qin Yu with brightening eyes.

Li’er immediately says smilingly: “Qin Yu, everybody is looking at you.”

Qin Yu is startled.

He has not prepared any gifts at all. But these nephews, nieces and sisters-in-law are all looking at him, and even worse, there are so many of them. Although he can take out a couple of precious objects, there are too many people here.

Suddenly an idea pops into his mind. He has remembered one thing.

With a wave of his hand, 16 flying swords immediately fly out. This scene makes Qin Zheng and Qin Feng dumbfounded. To be able to fly, these must be holy weapons. Could it be their brother’s meeting gifts are these precious holy weapons?

“Little ones, I give you these 16 flying swords as toys.” Qin Yu says smilingly.

Qin Zheng, Qin Feng, the empress and those concubines are dumbstruck. The eyes of the 16 princes and princesses however brighten. Holy weapons are given as toys? On this Qian Long continent, they are frighteningly precious and a country has only one holy weapon or two.

“Hah, big brother, you can even take these things out?” Hou Fei mumbles. Hei Yu also flaps his wings disdainfully.

Qin Yu is surprised.

The Stellar Tower established a large army of guards so naturally it had to hand out weapons. Therefore, it gathered all kinds of treasures and ores within a radius of several tens million li and ordered the experts such as the squad leaders and the guardians to forge flying swords and weapons together to arm their subordinates.

Because Qin Yu is a forging expert, he also forged weapons when he was bored, and several thousand low-grade holy weapons were made in total. In his spatial ring, there is still a large pile of this kind of low-grade flying sword. Now, these flying swords are indeed no different from toys to him.

“Xiao Yu, you absolutely can’t do this. Your gifts are too precious.” Only at this moment does Qin Zheng totally wake up from his fright.

When a holy weapon is already very valuable to a mortal country, how wasteful is it to give some children 16 flying swords as toys?

“This is nothing, but blood personalization ... um, they’re all still very young so I’ll help them.” If these children have to bite their fingers, they will be in a lot of pain, so Qin Yu makes a pointing movement and 16 golden shafts of light are shot at all the princes and princesses.

Afterwards, 16 drops of blood fly out from their bodies and fuse with a flying sword each.

“Um, in this way, the flying swords definitely won’t hurt you.” Qin Yu nods with satisfaction. “All of you have to remember not to use the swords to hurt people.” He advises.

The flying swords fly in front of each prince and princess. When these little children hold the 3-cun long small swords, they easily fuse them with their bodies directly. Because the blood personalization has been done, the swords and the children are telepathically linked and therefore they naturally know how to handle the swords without being given much instruction.

The princes and princesses then play with the swords, sometimes fusing them with their bodies, sometimes taking them out. They are so excited that they laugh out loud.

“Why haven’t you thanked your 3rd Uncle?”

Qin Zheng shouts.

The relatively old princes and princesses immediately kneel down, saying clearly: “Thank you, 3rd Uncle.” As for the babies who are not weaned yet, their mothers thank Qin Yu on their behalf.

Qin Yu makes another wave of his hand. 35 pearls that are even larger than table tennis balls fly out. Such huge pearls have probably been unheard of on the Qian Long continent. Generally, a pearl about the size of a table tennis ball is no longer called a ‘pearl’, but a ‘dragon ball’.

The empress and concubines all look at them with glittering eyes in stupefaction.

“Even the Imperial Palace doesn’t have anything comparable to such huge dragon balls.” Qin Zheng is astonished.

Qin Yu however gives a smile.

He certainly knows that such huge pearls are precious on the Qian Long continent. But in the underwater Xiuyao world, even though they are rare, with his current status, pearls as large as them have basically piled up in the Stellar Tower’s warehouse.

“2nd brother, there are many pearls like them in my Stellar Tower. They don’t mean anything at all. Please accept them, sisters-in-law.” Qin Yu says smilingly. The 35 pearls fly in front of the empress and concubines in an instant.

Immediately, they say clearly: “Thank you, 3rd brother-in-law.”

Afterwards, the empress and concubines all begin to discuss quietly with each other. They are obviously very excited. Women love jewels and such huge pearls are priceless treasures on the Qian Long continent so naturally they extremely love the pearls. Perhaps later they will even want to hold the pearls while sleeping.

“Fei Ya has come.” Qin Zheng suddenly says. “Fei Ya, come here, come to my place.”

Everybody sees a young married woman and a little girl coming in the distance. Hearing what Qin Zheng just said, Qin Yu knows that this woman is his big sister-in-law and that Princess Fei Ya is his big brother’s daughter.

“Your Majesty.”

Fei Ya says in a lovely voice then runs to the side of Qin Zheng and sits directly on his thighs. Judging by appearances, she is still very young, only 6 or 7 years old.

“Yanyun, come here and meet your 3rd brother-in-law.” Qin Feng says with a smile.

That natural and graceful young woman looks at Qin Yu. Her eyes brighten. She says immediately: “It’s nice to meet you, 3rd brother-in-law. I am Yanyun.”

“Please stand up, big sister-in-law.” Qin Yu hurriedly says. He notices at a glance that this big sister-in-law is a martial art practitioner. Even though her clothes are luxurious, there is an air of heroism about her that cannot be hidden.

Qin Feng says smilingly: “Xiao Yu, your big sister-in-law Yanyun likes martial arts the most. But ... her talent is just so-so.” Liu Yanyun gives Qin Feng an angry stare. Because there are many people around, she does not get mad on the spot, but Qin Yu is sure that this big sister-in-law is a straightforward person.

Qin Feng gives a smile: “Ha-ha, she hasn’t been able to reach the Xiantian level for so long, how could that mean she’s highly talented? But Yanyun is really a martial art freak. She has been admiring you since she first knew about that battle on the river Wu and has wanted to meet you once for a long time.”

Liu Yanyun looks at Qin Yu and says with a little disbelief: “3rd brother-in-law, you ... are the one who killed Xiang Yang?”

Seeing that Qin Yu currently looks like a young man in his early twenties, she cannot imagine that he is the legendary super expert who killed Xiang Yang.

At that time, Qin Yu had many difficulties in killing Xiang Yang. But now, perhaps he could kill Xiang Yang in only one move.

“Could I not look the part?” Qin Yu says smilingly.

Li’er says on one side: “Don’t listen to his bragging, sister-in-law Yanyun. Those are trivialities but he always likes to be smug about them.”

Seeing Li’er, Liu Yanyun cannot help secretly praising her natural bearing. She says with a smile at once: “Young lady, are you ... my 3rd brother-in-law’s wife?” As soon as Li’er hears this, her face reddens. She immediately gives Qin Yu an angry stare. Knowing what she means, Qin Yu hurriedly explains: “Big sister-in-law, this is my junior sister Li’er.”

“Please excuse me, Miss Li’er.” Liu Yanyun apologizes.

At the moment, Princess Fei Ya is playing with those little princes and princesses.

“3rd Uncle ... I also want that thing ...”

She runs up to Qin Yu and stares at him.

Qin Yu cannot help shaking his head with a smile then waves his hand, making another sword fly out: “Little Fei Ya, you have to remember not to hurt people at will.” He helps her personalize the sword with blood too.

Qin Zheng suddenly says: “Xiao Yu, you gave the kids these flying swords but they still know very little. It will be bad if they hurt people.”

“You’re right.” Qin Yu agrees with Qin Zheng. He says immediately: “This way is better. They can still play with the swords, but I’ll put a restrictive spell on the swords. It’s going to cover the swords completely and make the swords unable to attack. When the kids undergo the ceremony of adulthood, you can ask any Xiuzhenist to remove the spell.”

Qin Yu waves his hands, which look like illusions as a result. In an instant, 17 restrictive spells are cast and totally cover the 17 flying swords.

All of these children do not have elemental energy so naturally they cannot remove Qin Yu’s spells.

These spells are not powerful at all. They only form a layer of energy on the blades of the swords, making it impossible for the swords to harm people, and any Xiuzhenist can remove them easily with elemental energy. However, these spells do not affect the children sucking the flying swords into their bodies.

Not feeling any changes in the swords at all, the princes and princesses keep playing very excitedly.

Liu Yanyun’s face suddenly changes color. It seems she has remembered a certain thing. She immediately opens her mouth, wanting to say something. But Qin Feng pulls her hand and stops her with his eyes. She takes a deep breath and swallows what she is about to say into her stomach.

However, Qin Yu has noticed this scene.

“What’s the matter, big brother? Big sister-in-law, if you have any problems, feel free to tell me.” Qin Yu says smilingly.

Qin Feng says with a smile: “Xiao Yu, your big sister-in-law sees that the empress and ladies were given such huge pearls so she wants one as well. I’m just afraid of losing face. There are so many people here, how can she ask for something like a kid?”

“This is nothing.” Qin Yu takes out a huge cat’s eye gem without delay. “I forgot to give you a present. This cat’s eye gem is as good as those pearls. Please accept it, big sister-in-law.”

Liu Yanyun immediately says with an embarrassed smile: “Thank you, 3rd brother-in-law.”

After saying so, she receives the cat’s eye gem.

Qin Yu then begins to chat laughingly with Qin Zheng and play noisily with the princes, princesses and Princess Fei Ya. Even Li’er also begins to play with the children. As Qin Yu is in a very good mood, he simply does not notice that there is a tinge of worry in Liu Yanyun’s eyes after she accepted the cat’s eye gem.

......

In the evening of the same day, in a bedroom of Prince Rui’s mansion,

“Feng, 3rd brother could take out so many flying swords in one breath. Obviously his status has improved a lot for the past 10 years in the overseas Xiuzhen world. He definitely won’t care about a middle-grade holy weapon. Why don’t you ask him for one?” Liu Yanyun says very angrily.

Qin Feng says with frustration: “Yanyun, what do you want me to say?”

Liu Yanyun says: “At that time in Hundred Official Pavilion, I was about to ask him for a middle-grade holy weapon for you. How could he have refused? It would have gone all right, wouldn’t it?”

Qin Feng says with a shake of his head: “Yanyun, there are many things you don’t know. Judging by what happened today, Xiao Yu has indeed somewhat established himself in the overseas Xiuzhen world. But ... do you know my 3rd brother’s character?” He suddenly asks rhetorically.

Liu Yanyun says with a nod: “I already heard from you long ago.”

Qin Feng says with a sigh: “Yes, he’s resolute and unyielding. Even though his dantian didn’t let him practice internal techniques, he still trained hard using external techniques and became the first Xiantian external expert of the Qian Long continent. Afterwards, he joined the ranks of Xiuzhenists.”

“My 3rd brother is one who never admits defeat. Given his character, I believe he has been able to occupy a territory for himself in the dangerous overseas Xiuzhen world. But I believe even more that ... he can even give up his life for the sake of his brothers and close relatives.”

Now Qin Feng is somewhat agitated: “Yanyun, if you ask for a middle-grade holy weapon, 3rd brother will ask where my middle-grade holy weapon is. How should I answer him? Could I say that ... I was useless so the weapon was snatched away from me?”

“Could I possibly say that? Yanyun, do you think I could tell 3rd brother about this?” Qin Feng’s eyes even redden a little.

Liu Yanyun opens her mouth, wanting to say something, but in the end she says nothing.

“Yanyun, this event can’t be mentioned. Once it’s revealed, given my 3rd brother’s character, he’ll surely want to find out who snatched my middle-grade holy weapon. Once he knows the truth about this, he’ll definitely discover a series of events and then he’ll fight the enemies to the death! Facing those people, how can he have any chance of surviving?”

Qin Feng shakes his head and says with a sigh: “3rd brother is formidable, but ... he has been wandering the overseas Xiuzhen world for only 10 years. Though he’s got some foundation, how deep can it possibly be? I won’t let him get hurt no matter what.”

Liu Yanyun’s face is full of worry. She wants to say something but does not know what to say.

“But, but ... how can you overcome the 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation without a middle-grade holy weapon? Are you certain that you can? It’s much more difficult to go through a 4-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation without a middle-grade holy weapon. I don’t want you to die. Feng, I really don’t want you to die.” Liu Yanyun embraces Qin Feng tightly.

Qin Feng hugs his wife and says with an indifferent smile: “Life and death are written in the stars. Yanyun, I won’t drag 3rd brother into this no matter what. He has ... suffered too much in his life. We can’t let him suffer hardship and risk his life again even if I have to ... die.”

In Qin Feng’s bosom, Liu Yanyun cries her eyes out.

After a long time --

“Feng, what if 3rd brother meets father?” Liu Yanyun suddenly says. “Once he sees father, given his intelligence, he’ll definitely figure out everything.”

Qin Feng says with a sigh: “Father already knew about Xiao Yu’s return, but he and Fengyuzi have been doing closed-door training for the sake of Xiao Yu. They don’t want to let Xiao Yu know about that incident. Even though we said father would come out within a half year, nobody can tell exactly how long a closed-door training session will last, right?”

Liu Yanyun raises her head to look at Qin Feng and says in disbelief: “So, to hide this incident, father and Uncle Feng will do closed-door training all the time without coming out?”

There is a hint of distress on Qin Feng’s face: “There’s no other way... You know father’s and Uncle Feng’s character, don’t you? Also, father always thinks he owes 3rd brother. So, whatever happens, he’d rather do closed-door training all the time than do 3rd brother harm by coming out.”

Liu Yanyun’s heart is in anguish, but she does not say anything. Qin Feng is also upset. His upright body now cuts a somewhat desolate figure.

NOTE:

Prince Rui is Qin Feng’s title, meaning Prince of Vigor.

End of b8c4.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8, 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C5: Towering killing intent

More than a month has passed like a flash.

Soon after Reverend Yan Xu had arrived, the Ming dynasty began to carry out a large-scale construction project outside its capital. Not only did it mobilize the capital’s army of 400,000 central guards, it also engaged the help of a great number of civilians. In less than a month, a living compound was built extremely fast.

Most of these houses are made of wood, bamboo or stone. Their surroundings are clean and quiet and have delicate bridges and running streams. Even Reverend Yan Xu expresses his satisfaction when he sees this compound.

In the evening of the same day,

Reverend Yan Xu, Reverend Huo Tian, Reverend Di Feng, Dongfang Yu and the other 4 disciples of the Chaoyang school, and the Ming emperor Zhu Yan and his several tens subordinates are quietly waiting outside the capital. They all know that tonight 2000 Xiuxianists from the Chaoyang school and its nearby schools are going to arrive.

Given their original speed, they should have arrived during the day. However, Reverend Yan Xu thought that if they came during the day, they would be seen by the common people and therefore he told this group to wait at the seaside first and resume going in the late evening.

“2000 Shangxian? Your Majesty, are there really so many?” A beautiful woman beside Zhu Yan asks in a lovely voice. She is none other than the imperial concubine he dotes on the most. Although the matter at hand this time is a secret, he still told this concubine about it and even took her to this place with him.

Zhu Yan gives a grunt and says in a low voice: “I only heard so. Don’t talk. Just wait quietly. You’ll know when the time comes.”

Zhu Yan and his entourage are all nervous.

On the Qian Long continent, Shangxian are supreme beings in the eyes of every mortal. If emperors are the summit of positional power then Shangxian are the summit of personal power and are out of reach to mortals. However, tonight, 2000 Shangxian are unexpectedly coming.

2000, no less!

“They’re arriving!”

Reverend Yan Xu says indifferently. There is also a faint smile on his face.

Given the status of Reverend Yan Xu, Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng, it will even be normal for them to casually mobilize over 10,000 Xiuzhenists on the Qian Long continent, so naturally 2000 Xiuzhenists cannot surprise them.

After a while, countless vague silhouettes appear in the pitch-black sky. They then dive down extremely fast. In just a moment, 2000 Xiuzhenists land directly on the ground. The leading man takes a look and immediately bows, saying: “Greetings, Reverends. I am Dongfang Nian of the Chaoyang school.”

Soon afterwards, only the other several school leaders among the 2000 Xiuzhenists bow to salute. The other Xiuzhenists get down on one knee directly and says resoundingly: “Greetings, Reverends!”

Those sounds are very loud but no citizens dare to come out to take a look because by now the night curfew has already started.

“Headmaster Dongfang and the other headmasters please rest for a day or two first. After that we’ll talk about the matter of searching for a black jade case. Please do not worry. Forces of every school within 10 million li of this place are already coming quickly. It’s just that they are a bit too far from here so they will only arrive in a few days.” Reverend Yan Xu says with an indifferent smile.

Dongfang Nian says smilingly: “We’ll certainly listen to your orders, Reverend. Ah, my son didn’t bother you during this period of time, did he?”

At the moment Dongfang Yu is very respectful.

Reverend Yan Xu strokes his beard and says with a smile: “Headmaster Dongfang is really good at educating your son. This kid Dongfang is very well-behaved.”

However, the hearts of the Ming emperor Zhu Yan, his beloved concubine and his subordinates are thumping inside their chests. Hearing about 2000 Shangxian is one thing, but seeing 2000 Shangxian fly down from the sky is another thing.

Flying on swords,

In the eyes of mortals, it is a symbol of Shangxian. Normally, seeing a Shangxian fly across the horizon is already a great shock to these people. But today various Shangxian have come down from all over the sky so they have all been scared stiff by this.

Zhu Yan is an emperor at any rate so his composure is still relatively high. He takes a step forwards and says respectfully: “Headmaster Dongfang, that living compound has been prepared well. It is specially built for all of you to stay in.”

Dongfang Nian takes a look at that nearby living compound and nods in satisfaction.

......

Qin Yu has been very happy for the last several months. When he had nothing to do, he chatted with his brothers or let chess ace Li’er thrash his big and 2nd brothers. Li’er’s terrifying chess skill immediately became famous. Even the so-called God of Go of the capital had no choice but to yield to her.

Qin Yu also cared about Xiao Lu’s and Tie Shan’s current situations.

Only later did he know that a few years ago Xiao Lu had married a scholar who is called Tang Yuan and styles himself Qing Lan. He is a well-known scholar of the Qin dynasty and is extremely good at calligraphy. It is said that one word written by him is worth 1000 gold sycees. Their love for each other is very deep. And Tie Shan is the military leader of Su Yan City, where Tang Yuan resides. He is in charge of the city’s army.

Knowing that Xiao Lu is living so happily, Qin Yu is in no hurry to meet her. He wants to meet his father first then go see Xiao Lu and Tie Shan. After all, they are his childhood close friends.

......

In Prince Yu’s Mansion in the Qin dynasty’s capital,

At the moment, Qin Yu is leaning on the railings of a pavilion while Li’er and a white-haired old man are quietly playing the game of Go. They have been playing for so long that it is already dark.

“Hey, old man Su, why are you still playing this game with my family’s Li’er? Well, is this any different from seeking defeat?” Qin Yu says smilingly.

Li’er does not react to him. Perhaps because Qin Yu has been in a very good mood since he returned home, he has exercised less and less restraint in talking and often joked about Li’er. At first she was furious and pinched his ears to punish him, but now she only gives him a stare at most.

That old man Su is no ordinary. He is called the no. 1 Go player of the Qin dynasty.

After the capital’s God of Go undoubtedly lost to Li’er, this Shang Que County-based old gentleman has come to the capital to specially play against her. In fact, his Go skill is frighteningly strong.

However, that is only true in the eyes of Qin Yu.

In Qin Yu’s opinion, Li’er’s Go skill is ‘humanly impossible.’

A hint of joy suddenly appears on the face of old man Su. He takes a look at Qin Yu and says smilingly: “Miss Li’er’s Go skill is high, but ... Prince Yu, I’ve been playing this game in my whole life. They say ginger gets hotter with age, don’t they.”

Li’er keeps playing the game while smiling calmly.

After a while, old man Su’s face changes color when she puts a piece down.

He looks for a short time then says with a shake of his head: “Miss Li’er, you, you’ve even aimed at my entire big dragon. No wonder you didn’t attack me just now. I see. Your trick was to gain through abandoning your ground. It was really a brilliant idea. I admit defeat.”

Old man Su has been defeated convincingly.

He fell into the opponent’s trap but he was even excited and contented. Despite his strong skill, he was unexpectedly unable to discover Li’er’s trap early on, and when he saw the truth, it was already too late.

“Miss Li’er, every day I have played with you, I have learned something.” This old man Su is also a strange person. After losing, he is very excited instead of getting angry.

Qin Yu says smilingly: “Old man Su, why do you change your clothes every day? I know that ... professional Go players like you are a bit superstitious. But you’ve always lost despite changing clothes every day, right? I think you shouldn’t change your clothes tomorrow.”

Old man Su however says stubbornly: “Tomorrow I’m still going to change my clothes.”

Qin Yu says nothing.

Quite a few Go experts unexpectedly think that some clothes bring them good luck and greatly improve their chances of victory if worn. No wonder old man Su has changed his clothes again and again. However, despite this, he has never won against Li’er.

“Alas, looks like ... I’ve run out of clothes to change.” Old man Su suddenly says frowningly. “Forget it, let’s save some money by not changing.”

Having played against Li’er for so many days, even though his family is fairly wealthy, now he has used all of his various clothes.

“I take my leave now, Miss Li’er. Tomorrow I’m going to come and play a game with you again.” Old man Su says smilingly. Li’er also says with a smile: “Old man Su, your Go skill is profound. Your middlegame and endgame are both very formidable. Only your opening arrangement is a bit flawed.”

Old man Su smacks his lips a couple of times and says: “Little Miss Li’er, it’s not that my opening is a bit flawed, but you’re too strong. Your arrangement is too clever. You can make a move that seems wild, but several tens or even 100 moves later, its subtleties are shown. I’m sincerely convinced of my defeat.”

After old man Su has left, there are only Qin Yu and Miss Li’er in the pavilion.

“Li’er, my father and Uncle Feng have been doing closed-door training all the time. Though in theory they’ll only come out in a month or two, it’s very hard to be exact about closed-door training. So, I’m about to go see my master General Zhao Yunxing first. Anyway, my speed is fast.”

At the moment, Qin Yu suddenly wants to meet his first master General Zhao Yunxing very much.

Li’er says with a nod: “All right. Since you want to go then just go. If other people ask, I’ll help you answer them. And if your father comes out, I’ll tell you about this right away through your transmitter.”

“Good. I’ll have to trouble you, cute Miss Li’er.”

Qin Yu says smilingly. Right afterwards, he soars into the sky like a meteor.

......

When Qin Yu was still assassin Liu Xing, he visited Zhao Yunxing’s residence. As Zhao Yunxing was an important general, his residence was naturally very easy to find.

Qin Yu rides his flying sword without too much worry.

Thinking that he is about to see his master, Qin Yu cannot help recalling what happened in the past. He remembers clearly how he chose Zhao Yunxing as his master and how severe the training Zhao Yunxing put him through later was.

“Oh?”

Qin Yu frowns then takes out a transmitter. It is none other than the leading guardian Yan Rui who has just sent him a message. Under the command of 4 guardians, 10,000 guards of the Stellar Tower have arrived in the Qian Long continent.

“Very well, if you keep flying north, you’ll see a huge primeval forest. Wait there for the moment. When I have arranged staying places for you all, you’ll fly to the Qin dynasty!” Qin Yu immediately gives his subordinates an order.

That primeval forest is none other than the forest in which Qin Yu made a simple wooden ship when he was leaving the Qian Long continent at that time.

In just a while, he arrives at General Zhao Yunxing’s mansion. With a sweep of his holy sense, he cannot help frowning because he does not detect Master Zhao Yunxing and only detects Zhao Yunxing’s son, Zhao Yanyun.

......

Zhao Yanyun was already promoted to general and was originally going to command a large army in place of his father. But the emperor ordered him to stay home and calmly think about what had happened. Zhao Yanyun did not oppose that either. So, he has been staying together with his wife and son and, at the same time, earnestly studying some books on military tactics.

Zhao Yanyun, who is meditating in a pavilion, suddenly hears a familiar voice --

“Big brother Yanyun.”

He turns his head to take a look and cannot help getting astonished: “3rd Prince!”

In the past, after Qin Yu had killed Xiang Yang, the Qin clan’s various armies gathered in the capital. Zhao Yunxing and his son then met Qin Yu. During those several months, Qin Yu and Zhao Yanyun got to know each other and came to like each other very much.

“So you’ve come back, 3rd Prince. This is very good. When did you come back?” Zhao Yanyun says with excitement.

Qin Yu says smilingly: “It’s already been some time. Right, where is master? Why isn’t he in the mansion?” He asks doubtfully.

Zhao Yanyun, who just now was still excited, is startled. He then says with a sigh: “3rd Prince, my father ... he’s already dead. He died on the battlefield!”

Died?

His master already died?

Qin Yu’s face goes pale instantly. He only hears a series of explosions in his head, as if it has been hit by lightning. He takes several deep breaths. Only when the Meteoric Tear sends its clear streams to his head does he calm down.

“Big brother Yanyun, you said master had died on the battlefield? How was that possible? At that time he had already reached the peak of external practice. Who could have killed him on the battlefield? That was definitely impossible!” Qin Yu says in disbelief. He just cannot believe this outcome.

Zhao Yanyun’s eyes blaze: “Of course he wasn’t killed by ordinary soldiers. It was Shangxian, the Ming dynasty’s Shangxian. If not for those Shangxian, the Ming dynasty’s Jia Ling Pass would hav6e been broken through by my father. But they were so despicable that they even asked Shangxian to kill my father.”

“Shangxian? The Ming dynasty’s Shangxian? I get it.”

Qin Yu’s eyes shine very brightly with a terrifying hint of killing intent for a moment.

Whizz!

A light flashes. Qin Yu has disappeared completely. Seeing this scene, Zhao Yanyun cannot help getting startled. But he is immediately horrified as he realizes what Qin Yu wants to do.

......

“Yan Rui, take the 10,000 guards to the Qin dynasty’s capital. Here’s the map.”

With ice-cold eyes, Qin Yu instantly sends some rough information using his holy sense.

Now he wants to go the Imperial Palace instead of the Ming dynasty. He can feel a tinge of anomaly in the palace. Why did his big brother and 2nd brother not tell him about his master’s death at the hands of the Ming dynasty’s Shangxian? Given the character of the Qin clan’s members, they definitely cannot tolerate this. What happened actually?

A war that involved Shangxian must have been related to his father. But why is his father doing closed-door training again? Could this really be coincidental?

......

At night, outside the Imperial Palace,

Qin Feng, Qin Zheng and Qin De and Fengyuzi, who both have been doing closed-door training, are standing quietly. They are expanding their holy senses to the utmost waiting for Qin Yu attentively. After learning from Li’er that Qin Yu had gone to the home of General Zhao Yunxing, they knew that they definitely would not able to hide the truth from him. Now they are all here only because they want to stop Qin Yu.

Whizz!

A beam of light shoots towards them extremely fast.

“Yu’er.” Noticing Qin Yu’s aura, Qin De and Fengyuzi immediately say via holy sense communication. In an instant, Qin Yu lands on the ground.

“Father, Uncle Feng.” As soon as Qin Yu sees his father’s appearance, he figures out some things. Because his father came out right after he had gone to Zhao Yunxing’s mansion, not much earlier, nor much later, it seems his conjecture is correct.

When Qin Yu is about to ask a question, his face suddenly changes color greatly --

Both his father and Uncle Feng have unexpectedly, unexpectedly lost an arm!!!

“What happened? What happened, father? Was it the Ming dynasty’s Shangxian? They killed Master Zhao Yunxing and even cut off your arms? Aren’t there only 2 of them? And don’t you both have middle-grade holy weapons? How could they do this to you? What actually happened?”

Qin Yu asks continuously. At the moment he is about to go totally crazy.

Qin De looks smilingly at Qin Yu: “Calm down a bit, Yu’er. I lost only an arm and not my life. I know your character so I won’t hide the truth from you anymore. You’re right. The Ming dynasty originally had only 2 Shangxian, but now it has 5, one of whom is even the junior master of the Chaoyang school.”

Fengyuzi says: “Xiao Yu, the Chaoyang school is the no. 1 Xiuxian school within a million li of this place. It has several thousand disciples. My Pure Sword school is simply no match for them. That junior master is even an early Yuanying-stage expert. He only cut off an arm of each of us because ... he disdained us.”

Fury keeps surging in Qin Yu.

Disdain?

Cutting off an arm of his father’s and Uncle Feng’s and sparing them out of disdain? Indeed, 2 Jindan stage Xiuzhenists of the Qian Long continent really do not mean diddlysquat in the eyes of someone like the junior master of the Chaoyang school. Killing them would only dirty his hands.

“Arrogant.” Qin Yu’s eyes are filled with killing intent. In his mind, he can already picture what happened.

That arrogant junior master cut off an arm of his father’s and Uncle Feng’s directly, causing blood to spurt profusely ...

Qin De looks at Qin Yu and says solemnly: “Yu’er, remember to restrain yourself when you still lack power. My severed arm isn’t important. But you must not be rash. Only when you’re strong enough can you seek revenge. Otherwise ... you’ll die worthlessly for this cut-off arm of mine. Do you understand?”

Qin Yu clenches his fists so tight that the knuckles turn white.

Qin De knows his son’s character.

He believes that once his son recognizes the insurmountable gap between him and the Chaoyang school’s junior master, he definitely will not rashly go just to get killed. His son will only go all out for vengeance if he has at least a fifty-fifty chance of success.

“Don’t act on impulse, Xiao Yu.” Qin Feng and Qin Zheng also look at Qin Yu.

The Qin clan’s only hope rests upon Qin Yu.

Even though they want revenge, they would rather not have it than see Qin Yu go to get killed.

“Chaoyang school! Ming dynasty’s Shangxian! Die!!!”

Qin Yu says in a deep voice, which sounds as if it comes from Hell. “Father, you and everybody else just wait here. I’ll be back very soon.” After saying so, he suddenly turns around.

“Xiao Yu, don’t do that.” Seeing Qin Yu acting this way, Qin De says hurriedly. He never expected Qin Yu to be so rash.

All of a sudden --

Sounds which are similar to the whistles of an incoming rain of countless arrows on the battlefield are heard. They cause the faces of Qin De, Fengyuzi, Qin Zheng and Qin Feng to change color.

“Those are the sounds of people flying their swords extremely fast. There are so many of them!” Fengyuzi’s face changes color like crazy.

They are flying on their swords so they are Xiuzhenists. And judging from the fact that their swords are even sounding like an endless rain of arrows, it is easy to imagine how terrifying they are. However, before Qin De and the others have time to think much, countless silhouettes shoot down from the sky like arrows.

This group lands densely outside the city wall.

Most of these Xiuzhenists then get down on one knee with a thud in unison. By contrast, the 4 people in the front bow very respectfully.

“Tower master!”

Their voices resound through the sky!

End of b8c5.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8, 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C6: Kill

Qin De, Qin Feng, Qin Zheng and Fengyuzi are dumbfounded as they hear those words.

Tower master?

Who is tower master?

Both Fengyuzi and Qin De can see how distinctive this large group of Xiuzhenists in front of them is because these Xiuzhenists are wearing very similar clothes, just like an army of mortals.

An army of Xiuzhenists?

At least Fengyuzi never saw such a group of Xiuzhenists when he was still in his Pure Sword school.

“Xiuyaoists, they are Xiuyaoists!” Fengyuzi’s face changes color madly. He says to Qin De, Qin Feng, Qin Zheng and Qin Yu via holy sense communication without delay: “As far as armies of Xiuzhenists are concerned, I’ve only heard that the Penglai Immortal Region has a guard army made up entirely of Xiuzhenists. Maybe the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon also has one. But this group of Xiuyaoists comes from the greatest power, the underwater Xiuyao world. This tower master must be the leader of a big underwater power that can match the Penglai Immortal Region!”

Qin De, Qin Feng and Qin Zheng are astonished.

They have heard Fengyuzi talk about the Penglai Immortal Region. It is the center for Xiuxianists in the boundless overseas Xiuzhen world. But now, this so-called tower master is even the leader of a big underwater Xiuyaoist power on par with the Penglai Immortal Region. What kind of figure is this?

“Don’t just stand here in a daze, Yu’er. That tower master must be around. This large army of Xiuyaoists just knelt down in this direction of us so we should step aside quickly. If that tower master gets angry, that will be a huge disaster.” Qin De holds Qin Yu with a grab, wanting to pull him to one side.

Qin Feng, Qin Zheng and Fengyuzi even look up and around but they simply cannot find that so-called ‘tower master.’

Fengyuzi suddenly says via holy sense communication: “Let’s go quickly. Don’t look. What kind of figure do you think that tower master is? They must be 10 or even 100 times stronger than the headmaster of my Pure Sword school. How can we possibly detect this kind of expert with our power? Let’s go quickly before that tower master gets angry. Quickly step aside.”

“Yu’er, there’s no need to take revenge hurriedly. Now the most important thing you have to do is leave with me.” Qin De says while paying attention to his surroundings.

Terrified.

Qin De, Fengyuzi, a mortal emperor like Qin Zheng and a mortal general like Qin Feng are all very terrified at the moment.

On the Qian Long continent, where a Jindan stage Xiuzhenist is already considered Shangxian, such a large army of Xiuyaoists is really extremely fearsome. Not only are they numerous, totaling 10,000 in number, their clothes and flying swords are so standardized! They are obviously an army.

Deploying Xiuzhenists as troops, how can ordinary Xiuzhen schools possibly do something so impressive?

When it comes to Xiuxianists, only the legendary Penglai Immortal Region is capable of such a thing. This large army of Xiuyaoists obviously belongs to a superpower in the underwater Xiuyao world, which according to legend is the greatest force. What kind of figure is the leader of such an army?

With just a word, they can drown the world in blood! With just a lift of their hand, they can cause storms!

How can Qin De, Qin Zheng, Qin Feng and Fengyuzi possibly not be frightened and terrified by such a VIP and such a tower master?

“Let’s go quickly. Quit thinking about revenge. Now it’s time to leave here quickly.” Qin De is so anxious that he attempts to drag Qin Yu to run away directly. However, no matter how hard he tries, Qin Yu remains motionless.

“Xiao Yu.”

Qin Zheng, Qin Feng, and Fengyuzi also pull Qin Yu hurriedly. At the moment they are all very frightened.

“Father, all of you just wait here. I’ll definitely destroy the thug who cut off your arms and killed my master to get revenge. Very soon, I’ll be back very soon.” Qin Yu looks at his father. The look in his eyes is firm like a huge rock.

“Xiao Yu!”

Qin De is extremely worried, as are Qin Zheng, Qin Feng and Fengyuzi.

Qin Yu suddenly turns around and looks at the army.

“Attention, guardians Yan Rui, Liang Tan, Wu Yan and Xu Dong!”

Qin Yu’s grim, ice-cold voice rises.

“Take the 10,000 guards to the Ming dynasty’s capital, but you can’t go forwards alone ahead of the guards. As for the location of the Ming dynasty’s capital ...” Qin Yu casts an ice-cold glance at the 4 guardians, “You only need to follow my aura as you go!”

Now the 4 guardians can also feel Qin Yu’s towering killing intent. They say very respectfully: “Yes, tower master!”

“Start!”

Qin Yu gives an order.

Afterwards, he alone soars into the sky like a golden beam of light and rushes towards the Ming dynasty extremely fast. His speed has reached a frightening level. However, at this moment, 2 black silhouettes which are unexpectedly not much slower than Qin Yu shoot out from inside the capital and rush towards the Ming dynasty after him.

The 4 guardians immediately fly up, as do the 10 company leaders and 100 squad leaders. They lead the 10,000 guards heading straight for the Ming dynasty extremely fast, blotting out the sky in the process. Every Xiuyaoist is riding a flying sword.

The sounds similar to those caused by a rain of arrows are heard again as this large army of Xiuyaoists charges towards the Ming dynasty at a very high speed through the sky!

However, Qin De, Qin Feng, Qin Zheng and Fengyuzi seem to have been petrified.

They are dumbfounded.

Or to be exact, their minds are blanks. For the moment, it is simply impossible for them to regain composure.

After a long time, Qin De is the first to wake up. He looks at Qin Zheng, Qin Feng and Fengyuzi. He finds what just happened hard to believe and is somewhat afraid of accepting it, just like when a beggar suddenly obtains a massive fortune: “Zheng’er, Feng’er, brother Feng, just now ... they, they said that ...”

As the Qin emperor, Qin Zheng can be considered tough-minded, but at the moment his head is still spinning.

“It seems, it seems Xiao Yu is ... is that ... tower master.” When saying these words, he still finds them somewhat unbelievable and feels as if he is dreaming.

The same thing is happening to Qin De, Fengyuzi and Qin Feng.

The leader of an underwater Xiuyaoist superpower comparable to the headquarters of Xiuxianists, the Penglai Immortal Region, is not someone Jindan stage Xiuzhenists like Qin De and Fengyuzi and a mortal emperor like Qin Zheng can compare with in status.

The gap is too great.

One is an emperor of mortals and the other is like an emperor of Xiuyaoists, but the Xiuyao emperor can annihilate the mortal world just by casually dispatching between a dozen and 20 Xiuyaoists. They are so far from each other like the sky and the ground.

“It seems Xiao Yu is that tower master.”

Fengyuzi feels his heart beating at the fastest rate it ever has since he became a Xiuzhenist. The pounding of his heart resounds in his ears unceasingly like thunder.

......

Killing intent!

Towering killing intent!

Just by closing his eyes, Qin Yu can recall the images of his father and Uncle Feng lacking an arm just now. At the same time, he can clearly recall strict Master Zhao Yunxing, who taught him how to train externally in the past and was the first to lead him into the path of practice.

He cannot believe that strict, meticulous Master Zhao Yunxing is dead! He also cannot believe both his father and amiable Uncle Feng got an arm cut off.

“Chaoyang school’s junior master! Ming dynasty’s Shangxian!”

The look in Qin Yu’s eyes is fierce and sharp like the flash of a sword that is unsheathed. It is terrifying.

The 2 black silhouettes flying after Qin Yu are none other than Xiao Hei and Hou Fei. They immediately flew out of the capital when they heard the voices of that army from the Stellar Tower. Seeing Qin Yu’s unprecedented killing intent, they have said nothing.

All they have been doing is go behind him.

If Qin Yu wants to kill gods, they will kill gods with him. If Qin Yu wants to destroy devils, they will destroy devils with him.

Brotherhood means not abandoning your friends at the most crucial moments.

One golden beam of light in the front and 2 black beams of light in the back are shooting extremely fast towards the Ming dynasty. Their towering killing intent is sent out in all directions from the sky wherever they go. Even some Xiantian experts on the ground are horrified by it.

In just a while,

The sounds similar to those of an endless rain of arrows terrify the guards of quite a few cities. As they look up, they only see countless indistinct blurs flash across the sky in an instant.

During this one night,

The Xiantian experts, the few Xiuzhenists and the guards of those cities on the straight line connecting the Qin dynasty’s capital with the Ming dynasty’s capital are all so frightened that their hearts tremble.

They can feel that --

Something big is going to get real!

......

Azure Dragon, Teng Shan and 2 guardians under them are wantonly enjoying fine wine in a courtyard.

All of a sudden --

“What strong killing intent.” Azure Dragon stops the flagon in his hand and slightly shuts his eyes. In an instant, he tells Teng Shan and the other 2 laughingly: “A good play is about to start. Want to go with me to take a look?”

“How could we dare to disobey your order, Overlord?” Teng Shan says smilingly.

Immediately, there is no one left in the manor.

......

The capital of the Ming dynasty,

Qin Yu is flying across it directly in the sky. He turns his head around to take a look at that living compound in the distance outside the capital. He can feel clearly that there are quite a lot of Xiuxianists in there, but he comes here this time to find the Ming dynasty’s Shangxian and that Chaoyang school’s junior master who severed his father’s arm and killed his master!

The imperial palace!

Qin Yu stands in midair above it. His holy sense covers the entire palace in an instant. Given the current range of his holy sense, he can certainly do this with ease. However, there are only 2 weak Xiuxianists in the palace.

Like a speeding arrow!

Qin Yu shoots straight towards the imperial resting house then stands outside it. In the dark of the night, his flapping black robe and towering killing intent scare the guards of this house stiff. They do not even dare to make a sound.

He reaches out his right hand --

“Ah, ah ~~”

A middle-aged man dressed in golden pajamas slowly flies out from the resting house while sounding like he is being choked at the throat by someone. That man’s face is swelling, red and full of terror. His feet are stepping about nonstop. It looks like he is being strangled.

Qin Yu pulls back his right hand. The middle-aged man immediately falls on the ground.

“You, who are you?” Zhu Yan points at Qin Yu and says in a terrified manner.

Now Qin Yu basically has no time, and he is in no mood to waste time on this Zhu Yan either: “Listen up. Where are the Shangxian of your Ming dynasty? Where’s that Chaoyang school’s junior master? What’s his name? If you talk rubbish, you’ll die!”

Zhu Yan’s whole body cannot help trembling.

He has absolutely no doubt that the man in front of him can kill him. Even though he has seen so many Xiuxianists, he has never seen someone with such terrifying killing intent.

“There are only, only 2 Shangxian remaining in the imperial palace. The other 3 Shangxian have gone to that Realm of Immortals.” Cold sweat keeps oozing out on Zhu Yan’s forehead but he still says: “Realm of Immortals, Realm of Immortals is that living compound outside the city. There are several thousand Xiuxianists in there. Chaoyang school’s junior master, Chaoyang school’s junior master is also in there. He’s called Dongfang Yu, Dongfang Yu!”

Terrified, Zhu Yan finally tells Qin Yu everything.

“Very good!”

Qin Yu’s body soars into the sky. He is so fast that he immediately causes a sonic boom and a shock wave. Zhu Yan and the guards around him are sent flying in an instant. The roof of the building nearest him is even flipped over.

Xiao Hei and Hou Fei are standing in midair, looking at that imperial resting house.

“I’ve never seen big brother so furious.” Xiao Hei says in a low and deep voice.

Hou Fei’s eyes flash with fierceness: “When someone so good-natured like big brother gets so angry, something serious must have happened. Let’s go, mixed hairy bird. I want to see who are so bold. I’ll turn them into minced meat with a blow of my stick.”

Hou Fei holds his black stick in his hand. He is boiling with killing intent.

Among the 3 brothers, he is the most violent.

“Go.”

Hei Yu seems to have no killing intent at all, but Hou Fei knows that frosty Hei Yu is even more ruthless than he is when it comes to killing. Moreover, Hei Yu’s killing techniques are even stranger and crueler than his.

Outside the so-called Realm of Immortals outside the capital,

Qin Yu stands in midair. His eyes flash with coldness.

“Chaoyang school, Dongfang Yu, come out to die!”

His powerful voice resounds through the entire living compound. Even the people in the Ming dynasty’s capital can hear it clearly. All of the powerful families and high-ranking officials in the capital are terrified. Even everybody the Ming dynasty’s imperial palace is extremely frightened too.

“Who’s so arrogant?”

“You just dug your own grave!”

“Dare to mess with my Chaoyang school? Who are you?”

...

A clamor of voices is heard. Various silhouettes then fly up on their swords. In an instant, there are already several hundred silhouettes in the sky, but many other Xiuxianists keep flying out from their respective dwelling places. Obviously these Xiuxianists are enraged by the fact that the enemy has come to their front door so arrogantly.

Qin Yu’s eyes flash with killing intent.

Because he is furious, he will not mind killing all of the Xiuxianists!

“Dongfang Yu of the Chaoyang school comes out to die!” His voice rises again.

All of those Xiuxianists rage. In their eyes, this fellow in midair before them is too arrogant. They immediately curse him, causing a clamor of voices.

“Dongfang Yu dies, or all of you ... die!”

Qin Yu’s last word contains his stellar energy. As soon as it is said, there seems to be an explosion. A terrifying force then blasts straight towards the Xiuxianists in front of him in the shape of a fan. It unexpectedly silences more than 1000 Xiuxianists in an instant.

There is only killing intent in Qin Yu’s eyes. His master was killed and his father and Uncle Feng both got an arm cut off so naturally he has become crazily furious.

If the Xiuxianists before him do not know how to behave, what will be waiting for them is ... death!

End of b8c6.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8, 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C7: Yan Rui, give my order!

Various silhouettes keep flying out of the buildings on their swords. The number of Xiuxianists on the sky becomes larger and larger. However, the junior master of the Chaoyang school Dongfang Yu is still staying in the courtyard house of his father Dongfang Nian, the headmaster of the Chaoyang school. At this moment, after hearing Qin Yu’s voice, Dongfang Yu can no longer suppress his anger. He wants to charge out.

“Stop.”

Dongfang Nian runs out of his room and shouts coldly.

Dongfang Yu does not dare to take another step. He immediately turns around and says in an irritated manner: “Father, I don’t know who that fella is, but he called me out directly in front of so many Xiuxianists and wants to kill me. He’s so arrogant and insolent. If I don’t come out to kill him, will I still have the face to meet other Xiuxianists?”

Dongfang Nian however has a very calm expression: “You disobedient son, what do you know? That man dares to call you out in front of so many Xiuxianists. To be able to do so, how can he possibly a weakling? Just stay here. You definitely can’t come out.”

“Father!” Dongfang Yu says hastily.

“Dongfang Yu dies, or all of you ... die!”

Qin Yu’s last word is like a great crash of thunder, causing Dongfang Yu’s face to change color. He, who originally still had enough confidence to go fight the enemy, immediately cowers merely because of Qin Yu’s last word, which is charged with stellar energy.

“You stay here and must not go to any other places. There are so many fellow Xiuxianists outside so even though the enemy is strong, he won’t be able to break in.” Dongfang Nian dictates. Afterwards, he walks out calmly and gives an order: “School nephew Yan Yang, quickly go invite Reverend Yan Xu to preside over the situation.”

“Yes, headmaster.”

Outside the room, Yan Yang immediately rushes towards Reverend Yan Xu’s dwelling place.

There is a faint cold smirk on Dongfang Nian’s face. With Reverend Yan Xu and several thousand Xiuxianists behind him, what is there for him to be afraid of? Without delay, he stands on his sword with his arms folded and calmly soars into the sky. He indeed has the distinctive demeanor of a grandmaster.

“I am Dongfang Nian of the Chaoyang school. My fellow Xiuxianist, may I ask why you have come to our place in such a big way? You should know that this is the staying place for the Xiuxianists summoned by Reverend Yan Xu of the Penglai Immortal Region. Regardless of what the feud between my son and you is, just by causing a clamor at this place, a territory of Reverend Yan Xu, you have been a bit too disrespectful to all fellow Xiuxianists here and to Reverend Yan Xu.”

Dongfang Nian says in a loud and clear voice.

Qin Yu sweeps his eyes on him.

He is standing with arms folded on his sword. His long beard is flowing and his Xiuxian robe is fluttering, giving him an air of magnificence typical of immortals. In contrast, Qin Yu is overflowing with killing intent and his black robe is wide open and flapping, making him look like an evil god.

“Dongfang Nian ...” Qin Yu stares at him, “You must be Dongfang Yu’s father. You’re pretty eloquent. I never expected you to force this matter on Reverend Yan Xu. But today I must kill Dongfang Yu. Are you going to hand him over or not?”

Qin Yu simply does not know who Dongfang Yu is. He has never seen him and does not know his aura either.

Even though now he wants to kill Dongfang Nian in front of him, he must at least find out who Dongfang Yu is first. Otherwise, Dongfang Yu may escape in the end, which will render his killing worthless.

“Ha-ha ...”

Dongfang Nian turns his face upwards and laughs out loud: “My fellow Xiuxianist, I’ve told you so much, but you’re still so arrogant. This place is the living compound for me and the other fellow Xiuxianists. We’ve come here under an order by Reverend Yan Xu, but you’ve caused a commotion at our front door and even asked me to hand over my son ...”

A yellow-clad old man scolds loudly: “You’re alone but you’re so arrogant. You’ve thought too little of us.”

Qin Yu slightly frowns.

“Cut the crap.”

His eyes flash with coldness: “I only ask you one question, hand over or not? If you do, I’ll only kill Dongfang Yu. If you don’t ... I’ll kill whoever tries to stop me!” He is simply in no mood to waste time on these people so he has given his ultimatum without delay.

“Don’t be so arrogant when you’re on your own. How can my Chaoyang school’s 1000 disciples and the other fellow Xiuxianists here possibly let you cause trouble?” Dongfang Nian says with a cold laugh. But he secretly feels doubtful: “Oh, why hasn’t school nephew Yan Yang returned after leaving to invite Reverend Yan Xu? Also, even if he doesn’t invite him, why hasn’t Reverend Yan Xu come to take a look when there’s such a big commotion?”

Dongfang Nian does not know why Reverend Yan Xu has not appeared, but at the moment he is not worried in the least.

Although the enemy is powerful, he is all by himself.

“Kaka, big brother, don’t waste time talking to them. Just kill them all directly ... It’s been a very long time since I last tasted blood.” A resounding voice suddenly rises. Hou Fei’s black silhouette then appears beside Qin Yu seemingly out of thin air.

Meanwhile, Hei Yu appears on the other side of Qin Yu.

Just now Hou Fei and Hei Yu were watching in the dark. Only when they saw that Qin Yu wanted to get into action did they come out.

“Xiuyaoists ...” The demonic auras on Hei Yu’s and Hou Fei’s bodies are quickly detected.

Dongfang Nian’s anger instantly surges. He shouts: “My fellow Xiuxianists, the 3 people in front of us are unexpectedly Xiuyaoists. Several thousand of us have gathered here but these 3 Xiuyaoists look at us like we’re nothing and have threatened to kill those who try to stop them. Their insults have gone too far.”

“Little Xiuyaoists like them also dare to cause a commotion? My fellow Xiuxianists, I, Xunyangzi, vow to be the first to kill these 3 people.” A sharp-tongued Xiuxianist says loudly.

This sharp-tongued Xiuxianist then takes the lead in getting into action. The other Xiuxianists are also ready to act. Seeing this scene, Dongfang Nian cannot help giving a faint smirk.

Bang!

A stick silhouette descends from the sky!

The sharp-tongued Xiuxianist, who has reached the late Yuanying stage, is smashed by that black stick without being able to put up any resistance. His blood and flesh are scattered in all directions. His soul is shattered by the energy of the stick and Hou Fei catches hold of his yuanying with a grab.

“Kaka, don’t you dare to be arrogant in front of me, late Yuanying midget.”

Hou Fei laughs out loud strangely then tightens his grip all of a sudden, which unexpectedly causes the yuanying in his palm to explode right away. The explosion of this late Yuanying-stage yuanying cannot harm his body at all.

Stunned.

All of the Xiuxianists, who just now were ready for action, is dumbfounded. Hou Fei is too strong.

Late Yuanying-stage Xiuxianists are already the no. 1 experts of some small schools. Even in such a large school as the Chaoyang school, the no. 1 expert is only at the early Dongxu stage. On the whole, only the center for Xiuxianists, the Penglai Immortal Region, has more powerful experts.

However, the Penglai Immortal Region is too far from here. All of the Xiuxianists who have come by now live within several million li of this place so the strongest among them only belong to the same tier as Dongfang Nian.

Hu hu ~~~~~

Countless sounds come through the air from the horizon like a violent storm. Is that an incoming rain of arrows? Perhaps only mortals would think so. The Xiuxianists at the scene all realize that those are the sounds caused by Xiuzhenists flying their swords at extreme speeds.

Those Xiuzhenists densely occupy a large area and blot out the sky.

Dongfang Nian and the other Xiuxianists all look at that group of Xiuyaoists who are flying towards them in the distance. They cannot decide the enemies’ number, but after a simple observation, they can tell that the enemies outnumber them, and even worse, to a considerable extent!

“Xiuyaoists, it’s Xiuyaoists!” Some Xiuxianists immediately begin to yell.

The faces of all the Xiuxianists change color greatly. 3 Xiuyaoists appeared moments ago and now a large group of other Xiuyaoists has appeared. Anybody with some brain can establish a connection between these 2 events.

The Xiuyaoists land on the ground in an orderly manner like countless black flashes according to a square formation, which is a combination of the individual formations of the 10 companies. In front of them are the 4 guardians, with Yan Rui being the leader.

“Tower master.”

The 10,000 guards get down on one knee while Yan Rui and the other guardians bow.

“Tower master? An army of guards? Xiuyaoists? Ah, it’s the Stellar Tower!” The high-status Xiuxianists quickly realize who they are.

These Xiuxianists live within several millions li of this place and Qin Yu controls an area of water that is several tens million li in radius so it can be said that the waters under these Xiuxianists are all controlled by Qin Yu. Therefore, these school leaders certainly know about this Stellar Tower.

After all, in the underwater Xiuyao world, only the Stellar Tower has a guard army and uses the title ‘tower master.’

The Xiuxianists, who just now were bursting with morale, are all terrified. Good Heavens! What kind of power is the Stellar Tower? It is comparable to the Penglai Immortal Region, no less! If they oppose it, perhaps the tower master will only need to give an order and its large army of guards will fly out from the bottom of the ocean to destroy their schools and dens.

Dongfang Nian now knows that the situation is bad too. “Stellar Tower, I never expected it to be the Stellar Tower. Then not only are the waters around the island of my Chaoyang school under the control of the Stellar Tower, just by giving an order, perhaps he can destroy my Chaoyang school’s foundation immediately too.” He has panicked so he says hurriedly: “Tower master ...”

However Qin Yu has no patience to give him a chance.

“Kill all of the Chaoyang school’s 1000 men, sparing no one, to comfort my master’s soul in Heaven.” Qin Yu gives the massacring order.

“Yes, tower master!”

The 10,000 Xiuyaoists charge at the group of Xiuxianists. Discipline is the very obvious difference between an army and disbanded soldiers. Facing the attack of so many Xiuyaoists, those Xiuxianists all lose their heads. They either evade or use escaping techniques. Even those who counterattack are in disarray, some using spells, some using flying swords, and one even swinging a long piece of red silk ...

The whole thing is just a mess!

“5 companies in the front, shoot your flying swords together!” The leader of the 1st company shouts.

Immediately, 5000 flying swords pierce through the air to come at the enemies. Because there are Xiuxianists in the front and there are Xiuxianists at the back, the ones in the front immediately have to face so many flying swords. On average, each of them has to face even several tens flying swords. The outcome of this situation is --

Those who react fast run away through the ground while the slow ones have so many holes pierced in them like bee nests.

However, after piercing through a person, the swords keep shooting forwards --

When the 5000 flying swords have gone through the rearmost Xiuxianists, they thrust down at the ground. The few fleeing Xiuxianists are also stabbed to death. Various anguished cries are heard again.

In just one wave of flying sword attack, more than half of the Chaoyang school’s 1000 disciples have been killed. This scene stuns the other Xiuxianists. Even if they want to do the same thing, they will not be able to because they can see that, not only do the swords of a company look coordinated, even the 100 flying swords of a squad followed very ingenious trajectories and were in concert with each other when shooting out. Only several years of training can produce this result. Moreover, this also has something to do with the fact that the flying swords are exactly alike.

“5 companies at the back, Palms of Thunder!” Another order is given.

The other 5000 Xiuyaoists, who spent a long time preparing themselves and have become ready, immediately strike down using Palms of Thunder. This is not a very formidable technique at all. It only absorbs the power of lightning through the use of restrictive spells. One Palm of Thunder is negligible, but how about 5000 Palms of Thunder?

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! ......

Explosions are heard continuously --

Why has Reverend Yan Xu not appeared yet?

At the moment, in Reverend Yan Xu’s dwelling place,

Reverend Yan Xu, Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng are drinking tea and chatting with Azure Dragon.

“Overlord Azure Dragon, you set up a restrictive spell around us so that nobody would hear our voices but you’ve only been chatting with us. What’s the secret matter that you actually want to talk about?” Reverend Huo Tian has become somewhat impatient. Not long ago, Azure Dragon came and said he wanted to discuss a ‘secret’ matter.

However, even though it has been some time since he sealed their vicinity with a restrictive spell, all he has been doing is chat with them.

Sometimes he chatted about the Ziyang school, sometimes he chatted about the Lanyang school, and sometimes he chatted about the Teng Long continent ...

Azure Dragon came to their place so late at night and even set up a restrictive spell around them only to chat? But because he is in an extremely high position of power, the 3 reverends do not dare to treat him coldly either.

This restrictive spell was set up by Azure Dragon so other people’s holy senses cannot penetrate it, but his own holy sense can.

“Ha-ha, the fight has started. Good, excellent, awesome, oh my, Xiuxianists are really too weak. We Xiuyaoists are much stronger.” Azure Dragon is laughing in his mind but he still says smilingly: “Yan Xu, do you still remember the fight between us several hundred years ago? Recalling that fight really ...”

Reverend Yan Xu slightly frowns too.

He came here so late at night and set up a restrictive spell only to talk about these silly things?

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! ......

Suddenly, there are sounds of violent shocks and the whole ground begins to shake. The teacups of the 4 of them all tumble down. The restrictive spell can prevent noise but the shaking caused by 5000 Palms of Thunder is really too strong, just like an earthquake.

“No good.”

Reverend Yan Xu stands up abruptly. The faces of both Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng change color greatly. The 3 of them immediately glare at Azure Dragon. They know that something serious must have happened outside and that Azure Dragon is here only to distract them.

“Ha-ha ...” Azure Dragon laughs out loud while holding his stomach. “This is so funny. Let me tell you something, Yan Xu. The fighting outside is intense. Oh my, that pitiful child’s yuanying is pierced through by a sword!” At the moment, Azure Dragon is watching the big fight outside using his holy sense.

The 3 reverends are now in no mood to talk with Azure Dragon. They rush out without delay. 3 flying swords are then shot out simultaneously.

Bang!

The swords immediately cut open the restrictive spell.

Although this is a restrictive spell set up by Azure Dragon, the 3 reverends joined forces and went all out so naturally they succeeded in one move. They then pierce through the air to rush towards the battlefield. Azure Dragon, however, leisurely goes forwards, murmuring: “Have Teng Shan and the others muddied the waters a bit more? This is very amusing, too amusing already.”

......

3 blurs are flashing about. One is like a golden beam of light, one looks like a black stick and one is a black light. Among them, the ‘black light’ Hei Yu transformed into is strange because when it passes through a man, that man immediately dies. Thus, various Xiuxianists fall down one after another. In just a short while, these 3 blurs have already killed over 100 Xiuxianists. Afterwards, they stop and turn into Qin Yu, Hou Fei and Hei Yu.

“That’s enough, brother Teng Shan.”

Qin Yu looks at Teng Shan and says indifferently.

Teng Shan and the 2 guardians under him laugh out loud. Teng Shan says: “Who in the world are these Xiuxianists, tower master Qin Yu? I can’t stand them. I was merely helping you teach them a lesson.”

At first Qin Yu was only prepared to kill the Chaoyang school’s disciples but Teng Shan and his 2 subordinate guardians unexpectedly pretended to be the Stellar Tower’s Xiuyaoists and killed the other schools’ Xiuxianists. The whole thing immediately became a mess so Qin Yu and his 2 brothers had no choice but to get into action to cut the knot.

In just a while, more than half of the Xiuxianists have died, amounting to more than 2000.

Even though only 2000 Xiuxianists came here several months ago in the beginning, more Xiuxianists have come here successively since then, and therefore the number of Xiuxianists here has nearly reached 4000. Now that more than half of them are dead, the Xiuxianists’ power has suffered a great loss. In contrast, the Xiuyaoists under Qin Yu have utilized formations to take care of each other so they have lost only 10-odd individuals. This is the difference between an army and disbanded troops.

“Brother Teng Shan, after such a long time, Reverend Yan Xu still hasn’t shown up. He should have been obstructed by Overlord Azure Dragon, right?” Qin Yu says with an indifferent smile.

Seeing Teng Shan and his 2 guardians without seeing Azure Dragon, Qin Yu has already figured out what is going on.

Teng Shan gives a ha-ha laugh.

Qin Yu turns his head to look at Dongfang Nian, whose power has been sealed up. However, at the moment Dongfang Nian looks like he would rather die than submit. Seeing Qin Yu looking at him, he asks: “Why, why don’t you give me a glimmer of hope?”

“It’s because ... I don’t need you to tell me.” Qin Yu walks towards him.

Dongfang Nian says: “Don’t you want to kill my son? Why do you have to destroy my Chaoyang school? If you agree not to destroy my Chaoyang school, I’ll tell you where my son is immediately. Please, please agree to this.”

“No, I won’t.”

Qin Yu walks up to Dongfang Nian.

Suddenly his face becomes ferocious: “Agree? You want me to agree? Why did your son kill my master instead of going easy on him? Also, your son even dared to cut off an arm of my father’s and Uncle Feng’s out of disdain. Right, your Chaoyang school is big so that Dongfang Yu or something has high status while my father has low status ... my master’s life is worthless ...”

Qin Yu’s killing intent suddenly surges forth.

“Screw you, Dongfang Nian. Quit dreaming. Your son killed my master and cut off my father’s and uncle’s arm. Even the extermination of your entire Chaoyang school won’t be able to relieve the hatred in my heart!!!”

All of a sudden, he executes a claw strike and grabs Dongfang Nian’s head.

“Ah ~~~” Dongfang Nian cries miserably. His face changes color to the point where his head looks like that of a corpse.

Xiumo secret technique -- Soul Examination!

Qin Yu pulls back his right hand and says indifferently: “Reverend Yan Xu, why don’t you show yourself when you’ve already arrived?” He has guessed earlier that Reverend Yan Xu should have already escaped from Azure Dragon’s containment.

“Tower master Qin Yu, Dongfang Yu killed your master and severed an arm of your father’s and uncle’s so he must die. But people should be spared whenever possible. So, can I suggest that you let the Chaoyang school go this time?” Reverend Yan Xu walks out. Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng behind him also look at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu smiles brilliantly at Reverend Yan Xu.

“Yan Rui, give Zhuang Zhong my order. Immediately dispatch an army of guards from the Stellar Tower to destroy the Chaoyang school. Any obstructers are to be killed on the spot.” He can give the order by himself but he lets Yan Rui help him because he wants to show Reverend Yan Xu his action.

“Yes.”

Yan Rui immediately takes out a transmitter.

“Tower master Qin Yu, you ...” The face of Reverend Yan Xu changes color.

“Ha-ha, brother Qin Yu is really straightforward. I admire you, ha-ha. I’m on your side in this. Since you say you want to kill these Xiuxianists, I’ll help you, ha-ha ...” Azure Dragon, who has been watching from one side for a long time, also pops up and walks to the side of Qin Yu while laughing out loud.

End of b8c7.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C8: Brave and shrewd

“Azure Dragon.” Reverend Yan Xu looks at Azure Dragon, slightly annoyed.

This time, the matter becoming such a mess must have something to do with Azure Dragon secretly adding fuel to the fire. However, still thinking that this is not chaotic enough, Azure Dragon has even come to offer Qin Yu his support. Reverend Yan Xu can also tell that at the moment Qin Yu is like a gunpowder barrel that can explode anytime.

Azure Dragon wags his head smilingly and says: “What’s up, Yan Xu? Qin Yu is my good brother. The Stellar Tower is also a power of underwater Xiuyaoists. At any rate, my Azure Dragon Palace is acknowledged as the leader under water. If I didn’t support my brother, would I have to support you old geezer instead?”

More than 10 Xiuxianists run up to Reverend Yan Xu. The leader bows and says: “Reverend Yan Xu, this Stellar Tower master relied on superior power to massacre us and the other fellow Xiuxianists at will. We hope you can redress the balance for us.”

“We hope you can redress the balance for us.” The 10-odd Xiuxianist leaders say in unison.

Hearing this, Qin Yu frowns and casts an ice-cold glance at them. The Xiuxianists’ hearts cannot help trembling. They unconsciously look at Reverend Yan Xu. The Chaoyang school’s disciples have been annihilated and Qin Yu has even killed Dongfang Nian with his own hands so even though he is still furious, he can already calmly consider the situation.

In fact Qin Yu is not the bloodthirsty type at all. Only he has not had many real friends and relatives since his childhood so he values every friend and relative very much. The killing of his master and the severing of his father’s and Fengyuzi’s arm have given rise to an extremely great enmity in him.

One should know that he was even willing to perish together with an enemy for the sake of his father. It is easy to imagine how important his relatives are to him.

Cutting off an arm of Qin De’s and Fengyuzi’s is also the biggest mistake Dongfang Yu has ever made in his life. Luckily, he only severed an arm of each of them. If he had killed Qin De, perhaps by now Qin Yu would have already lost that tinge of calmness and would kill all of the Xiuxianists here, and even the Ming dynasty would get mixed up in this.

“Shut up. Do you think Reverend doesn’t know how to deal with this matter?” Reverend Huo Tian however rebukes angrily.

In an instant, those 10-odd Xiuxianists no longer dare to say anything. As mere Xiuxianists who came from within a radius of several million li, naturally they are inferior to the 3 big leaders of the Penglai Immortal Region in status and therefore they do not dare to say one word when reprimanded.

“Bunch of idiots with no sense of propriety.” Azure Dragon says laughingly. It is very obvious that he looks down on those 10-odd Xiuxianist leaders.

Do those Xiuxianists not understand the situation?

In terms of individual power, Azure Dragon is the no. 1 expert of the overseas Xiuzhen world. In terms of forces, the 10,000 strong army of the Stellar Tower is enough to sweep away the 2000 remaining Xiuxianists. But these Xiuxianists still absurdly hope Reverend Yan Xu will redress the balance. Is Reverend Yan Xu a fool?

“Gentlemen, I’ll certainly handle this matter. Everybody better go back to have a rest first.” Reverend Yan Xu tells the 10-odd Xiuxianist leaders smilingly.

The hearts of those Xiuxianists warm up. They immediately bow and retreat then lead the surviving Xiuxianists back to their own dwelling places. Although some Xiuxianists are still fairly angry, they do not dare to say anything when they see the large army of the Stellar Tower.

“Oh, where’s tower master Qin Yu?” Right after his talk with the Xiuxianists, Reverend Yan Xu notices that Qin Yu has already disappeared.

Azure Dragon says laughingly: “Yan Xu, Qin Yu has gone over there. Just turn around and take a look. Oh my, brother Qin Yu’s killing intent is so strong. I think there’ll definitely be a good show.” After saying this, Azure Dragon goes after Qin Yu.

Reverend Yan Xu turns around to take a look. He also sees Qin Yu walking step by step towards Dongfang Nian’s dwelling place.

Thanks to using the Xiumo secret technique Soul Examination, Qin Yu already knows that Dongfang Yu is hiding in none other than that dwelling place. With a sweep of his holy sense, Qin Yu discovers that there is only one man in Dongfang Nian’s dwelling place at the moment. That man is at the early Yuanying stage and the elemental energy inside his body is typical of the Chaoyang school. Furthermore, he looks very similar to Dongfang Nian.

“Dongfang Yu.” A faint cold smirk appears on the corners of Qin Yu’s mouth. “He’s still very obedient to his father.”

In his mind, Qin Yu has no doubt that this man is exactly Dongfang Yu.

Step by step, Qin Yu does not use any flying techniques at all and just slowly takes one step forwards after another. Under the coverage of his holy sense, it is simply impossible for Dongfang Yu to escape his notice. The killing intent on Qin Yu’s body also intensifies gradually.

“Dongfang Yu!”

Qin Yu’s voice suddenly rises --

At the moment, a minute feels like a year to Dongfang Yu because he was able to hear those loud noises of the fighting outside, the anguished dying cries of various Xiuxianists and the terrifying explosions caused by the 5000 Palms of Thunder. Only now does he know how powerful the enemies are.

“Who is it actually? Who is it that wants to kill me?”

Dongfang Yu simply does not know who he actually offended. He believes that he has been living his life very cleverly because he has never dared to be disrespectful to any formidable personages. With such a style of behavior, how could he have offended someone? Dongfang Yu just cannot understand.

The sounds of fighting have stopped.

But Dongfang Yu is even more terrified.

“Is it over? What’s the outcome? Why hasn’t father come back to tell me about the outcome? Could it be my Chaoyang school has lost and father has lost? No way, that’s absolutely impossible.” Cold sweat oozes out on his forehead as he keeps shaking his head talking to himself.

He simply does not dare to take half a step out of this courtyard house. He can only stay here.

“Dongfang Yu!”

Soon after this voice rises, Dongfang Yu quickly decides that it is the very same voice which said “Dongfang Yu dies, or all of you ... die!” in the beginning. Now, as he hears this voice, his heart trembles.

......

“Dongfang Yu, come out to die.”

Qin Yu says coldly while gradually going forwards step by step.

Using his holy sense, Qin Yu can see clearly that Dongfang Yu is in fear at the moment. He wants to torment him, torment his nerves and terrifies him so that he goes mad. Qin Yu keeps advancing slowly towards his target.

Reverend Yan Xu and Azure Dragon totally understand the meaning of Qin Yu’s current actions.

“Poor little brat Dongfang, damn, who told him to offend people?” Azure Dragon gives a sarcastic remark on one side.

“Dongfang Yu killed tower master Qin Yu’s master and cut off an arm of his father’s and uncle’s. He has only himself to blame for tower master Qin Yu acting this way.” Reverend Yan Xu lets out a sigh and says. He seems to be somewhat sorry for Dongfang Yu.

Azure Dragon however curls his lips, saying: “Hypocrite.”

As the leaders of 2 major powers, both Azure Dragon and Reverend Yan Xu are not the soft-hearted type. Actually, at the moment they have no sympathy for Dongfang Yu at all. Reverend Yan Xu’s pity is merely a pose.

Xiuzhenists go against Heaven and frequently fight each other for treasures. To them, power is the most important thing! If Azure Dragon and Reverend Yan Xu were soft-hearted, perhaps they would have been dead for nobody knows how many years now.

To be soft-hearted, you must have enough power first. When you are as powerful as a 9th tribulation loose immortal, a 10th tribulation loose immortal, or even a 12th tribulation loose immortal, if you are soft-hearted, people will praise you for being merciful and lofty.

But when you are only an ordinary Dongxu stage Xiuzhenist, if you are benign, people will think that you are stupid. If you are benign while the other people are cruel, it will be a strange thing if you can survive in this Xiuzhen world, where dangers lurk around you.

In going against Heaven, one wrong step will destroy 1000 years of hard work, therefore most Xiuzhenists are tough-minded. Even those who look kind-hearted on the outside are actually resolute and ruthless. At a crucial moment, they will not show any mercy.

Azure Dragon, Reverend Yan Xu, Teng Shan, Reverend Huo Tian, Reverend Di Feng and the 2 Azure Dragon Palace guardians all follow Qin Yu. Through their holy senses, they can see clearly Dongfang Yu’s terrified appearance. He is terrified by Qin Yu’s words.

Death is not terrifying at all. But having to knowingly wait for death’s arrival without being able to avoid it is very terrifying.

Qin Yu has already reached the outside of that courtyard house’s front door. Now his killing intent is so strong that even Dongfang Yu inside the house can totally feel it.

“Ah!”

Dongfang Yu’s face suddenly becomes frighteningly ferocious. He cannot take it anymore. With a scream, he activates the energy in his entire body and immediately rides his flying sword to soar straight into the sky, reaching his top speed in an instant.

Qin Yu turns into a golden beam of light in the blink of an eye.

Bang!

The golden light beam starts off later but quickly gets above Dongfang Yu. Afterwards, a huge golden palm appears and hits Dongfang Yu on the back squarely with a bang. Dongfang Yu is immediately smacked down like a nail.

The ground shakes for a while after Dongfang Yu’s body smashes violently onto some bluestone slabs of the courtyard house. The bluestone slabs are immediately shattered while Dongfang Yu’s whole body is bloodied. He props himself up on his arms with difficulty. He wants to get up but his internal organs hurt so much that he spouts another mouthful of blood.

Qin Yu suddenly appears before Dongfang Yu.

Lying prone on the ground, Dongfang Yu sees Qin Yu’s feet and raises his head to look at Qin Yu’s ice-cold face. Afterwards, he looks around and says in terror: “Where’s my father? Where’s my father? Where are the men of my Chaoyang School?”

“From now on, the Chaoyang School no longer exists.” Qin Yu says coldly.

Dongfang Yu does not react immediately. After a moment, he understands Qin Yu’s meaning. His Chaoyang School has been destroyed!

“Why? Why do you want to do this? Where did I offend you? Why are you so ruthless?” Even now Dongfang Yu does not collapse mentally because he does not value the members of his school. What he values is his own little life.

There is still the last glimmer of hope at the bottom of his heart!

“You want to kill me? Then can you tell me where I offended you? If you don’t tell me clearly, I won’t be resigned to my death.” Dongfang Yu says while staring at Qin Yu.

He believes that, whatever happens, he has never offended powerful people. The people he has killed were all small fries that he totally looked down upon. He simply has never dared to kill big fishes.

“You killed General Zhao Yunxing of the Qin dynasty in that battle at Jia Ling Pass, didn’t you? General Zhao Yunxing was my first master.” Qin Yu says in an ice-cold, flat voice.

Dongfang Yu’s face immediately goes pale.

He remembers that general had a natural air of fierceness. Even when facing Dongfang Yu, the general still attacked him fiercely with no regard for his own life. In the beginning, Dongfang Yu did not protect his body with elemental energy because of his carelessness so he suffered a surface wound. In the end, he killed that general out of anger. However, even after his death, the general was still glaring furiously at Dongfang Yu.

“Of the 2 current Shangxian of the Qin dynasty, one is my father and the other is my uncle.” Qin Yu continues.

Dongfang Yu’s entire body freezes. His eyes dull.

“How can, how can ...” Dongfang Yu mumbles. His eyes become lifeless. Now he no longer has any hopes of surviving.

A golden light flickers in Qin Yu’s hand. Several shafts of light shoot into Dongfang Yu’s body and seal up his yuanying completely. Given Qin Yu’s current power, Dongfang Yu has no chance of breaking the seal at all.

“Guardian Liang Tan, you take a 100 strong squad and escort this Dongfang Yu back to the capital so that my father and brothers can deal with him and address the issue of lodging for all of you.” Qin Yu gives an order directly. Guardian Liang Tan among the 4 guardians outside the courtyard house takes the order without delay.

......

“Your Majesty, heavy fighting broke out in the Realm of Immortals outside the city. Very many of the Shangxian who were staying in the Realm of Immortals have already died.” An old eunuch beside Zhu Yan says respectfully.

At the moment, Zhu Yan’s demeanor is totally different from the disgraceful demeanor he had when captured by Qin Yu.

“Very many have died? Could that black-robed man have done this single-handedly?” He says frowningly.

The old eunuch says: “No, he couldn’t. According to the experts who were watching from the city gate towers, in the beginning that black-robed man issued a battle challenge alone, but later ... a large number of Shangxian came. They even blotted out the entire sky. That group of Shangxian greatly outnumbered the Shangxian we welcomed in the past. But those Shangxian were on the side of the black-robed man.”

Zhu Yan understands.

The old eunuch continues: “The black-robed man then gave an order, which caused the deaths of so many Shangxian in the Realm of Immortals. Your Majesty, do you know at that time countless lightning bolts struck down? That scene scared all the officers and soldiers on the city gate towers stiff.”

“Where is that black-robed Shangxian now?” Zhu Yan slightly frowns then asks.

The old eunuch says: “That black-robed Shangxian is still in the Realm of Immortals. According to the experts who were watching from the city gate towers, the leaders of the Realm of Immortals, who are those reverends or something, later appeared and talked a bit with the black-robed man. By now, the black-robed man has already entered the Realm of Immortals.”

“Oh ...”

Zhu Yan ponders. The old eunuch does not dare to say a word.

The Ming dynasty had been falling into decadence but its imperial power has increased greatly during Zhu Yan’s reign. Although Zhu Yan lusts for beautiful women and has even used corrupted, insincere officials, the power of his empire has been improving nonstop and his army has also become increasingly stronger.

“Prepare for a visit to the Realm of Immortals. I want to meet this black-robed Shangxian again.” Zhu Yan orders all of a sudden.

“Your Majesty.” The old eunuch is greatly shocked. “Your Majesty, this black-robed man is the thief who damaged the imperial resting house. His power is so terrifying ...”

“Huh?” Zhu Yan gives a cold humph and casts an ice-cold glance at the old eunuch.

The eunuch’s heart skips a beat. Immediately, he does not dare to say anything else and takes the order. This old eunuch is the leader of the secret army under Zhu Yan. He is an expert who has reached the peak of the Xiantian level but he still has to tread carefully in front of Zhu Yan.

End of b8c8.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C9: Li’er’s magic power

“Tower master Qin Yu, there’s one thing I have to warn you about.” Reverend Yan Xu suddenly says to Qin Yu solemnly.

Hearing Reverend Yan Xu’s current tone, Qin Yu feels that it seems to be some important matter so he restrains his temper, saying: “What is the matter that you want to warn me about, Reverend Yan Xu? Please feel free to tell me.”

Reverend Yan Xu says with a nod: “According to what you said, your father is a man of the Qin dynasty, so let me ask you something. Who is your father? And what is the relationship between you and the Qin emperor?” Instead of talking about that matter, Reverend Yan Xu begins to ask Qin Yu.

“The reigning Qin emperor is my 2nd brother. Who do you think my father is?” Qin Yu says.

Reverend Yan Xu says smilingly: “Indeed.”

Azure Dragon unexpectedly also says: “Yan Xu, I already know what you want to say. Brother Qin Yu, I really have to warn you a bit about this matter but somehow I forgot to tell you about it.”

Qin Yu frowns. When both Reverend Yan Xu and Azure Dragon have said so, what is this important matter actually?

“Don’t beat around the bush, Overlord Azure Dragon, Reverend Yan Xu. If you have something to tell me, quickly go ahead and tell me. What is this matter that can make you act so cautiously? It seems to be an exceptionally important matter.” Qin Yu has become doubtful.

Reverend Yan Xu asks: “Qin Yu, if war breaks out between your Qin dynasty and the other dynasties, you will send the Stellar Tower’s army to help it, won’t you?”

Qin Yu says smilingly: “Of course I will. If difficult problems arise, it’ll be perfectly normal for me to help. I can’t stand watching my relatives be unhappy without batting an eyelid.” If he lacked power then there would be nothing he could do, but now that he has the Stellar Tower, naturally he wants to help his relatives.

Reverend Yan Xu laughs: “Then you’ll be courting death.”

“You’ll be courting death.” Azure Dragon also says.

Qin Yu is startled and looks doubtfully at the 2 of them.

Azure Dragon explains: “Brother Qin Yu, let me tell you something. Perhaps you’ve also heard about the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Those loose immortals in the Chaotic Astral Ocean once gave an order that the Qian Long continent is a continent of mortals and Xiuzhenists definitely can’t interfere in the fighting for power between the mortal countries.”

“If Xiuzhenists control a mortal country and then ... get found out, they will inevitably be killed.” Reverend Yan Xu says solemnly.

Azure Dragon says with a nod: “Qin Yu, that uncle of yours is powerful, but this order came from the Chaotic Astral Ocean countless years ago and is jointly approved by all loose immortals. It’s an order of the loose immortal community so even your Uncle Lan has to accept it.”

Qin Yu is startled.

“Then how do you explain the current countries’ Shangxian?” He asks doubtfully.

Reverend Yan Xu says laughingly: “Those so-called Shangxian are merely some Jindan-stage Xiuzhenists. How can they possibly know about this? Besides, a couple of Xiuzhenists don’t have great influence on the general situation of the mortal world.”

Azure Dragon also says: “Qin Yu, listen carefully. Those loose immortals’ order was that they didn’t wish to see the mortal countries controlled by Xiuzhenists. Their meaning is very clear, that is, the Qian Long continent is a continent of mortals and controlled by mortals. You’ll be okay as long as you don’t violate this idea.”

Qin Yu immediately understands.

“I see. Will I break the rule if I send some subordinates to protect my relatives? They’ll only serve as bodyguards.” He quickly figures out a possible way to exploit this order.

Azure Dragon says laughingly: “Of course you won’t. Remember, if you don’t kill an emperor openly or lead an army of Xiuyaoists to go kill mortal armies or control a mortal monarch, there won’t be a problem.”

Qin Yu totally understands the intention of those unfathomable loose immortals in the Chaotic Astral Ocean.

These loose immortals want the Qian Long continent to remain as a continent of mortals, nothing more. Whoever violates this rule will be punished by them!

“Reverend, that emperor of the Ming dynasty requests for an audience with you.” A disciple runs in and says.

“Zhu Yan? Let him come in.” Reverend Yan Xu says smilingly.

Qin Yu stands up and says: “Reverend Yan Xu, Overlord Azure Dragon, I’m leaving here now.” When there is nothing left to deal with, why should he stay here instead of returning?

“Greetings, Reverend Yan Xu.” Zhu Yan, however, has walked in. When he suddenly sees Qin Yu, his face is full of terror and disbelief. “You, you are ... the black-robed ...”

Qin Yu looks at Zhu Yan and says indifferently: “Yes, I’m that black-robed man who caught you to ask about the location of Dongfang Yu.”

Zhu Yan seems to be extremely terrified by seeing Qin Yu. He then breathes deeply to suppress his fear and says respectfully: “I am Zhu Yan, emperor of the Ming dynasty. May I ask who you are, senior?”

“Me?” Qin Yu suddenly gives a faint smile.

“Qin Zheng is my 2nd brother!”

When his voice is still resounding, his body has already vanished.

“Qin Zheng ... 2nd brother ...” Zhu Yan’s eyes pop out of his head. His face is full of shock. His shock is half pretended and half genuine, but he really never expected the black-robed man to be a brother of the Qin emperor’s.

He wakes up in a moment and looks around: “Where are they?”

“Don’t look. They are already gone.” Azure Dragon says with a ha-ha laugh.

......

A grand army of Xiuyaoists is flying extremely fast in the sky, heading for the Qin dynasty’s capital. Yan Rui and 2 other guardians are leading this army. Qin Yu and his 2 sworn brothers started to move ahead of them long ago.

On a city gate tower of the Qin dynasty’s capital,

Qin De, Qin Zheng, Qin Feng and Fengyuzi are standing, looking in the direction of the Ming dynasty’s capital. The 4 of them have been waiting for Qin Yu on this tower since Qin Yu left, taking the large army of Xiuyaoists with him.

Guardian Liang Tan already escorted Dongfang Yu back. Qin De only gave an order to lock him up for later punishment. Now what Qin De wants the most is a nice discussion with his 3rd son!

What actually happened?

His 3rd son left the Qian Long continent just 10 years ago, how was he able to become the Stellar Tower’s master?

Pleasant surprise? Doubt? Disbelief? Nervousness?

There are all kinds of feelings in the hearts of Qin De and the other 3 at the moment.

A golden light beam shoots extremely fast towards them in the distance. Their eyes brighten at once. Following a perfect curved path, that golden light beam dives down and lands directly on the city gate tower. It then turns into a man, who is none other than Qin Yu.

“Father.” Qin Yu looks at his father Qin De.

Qin De, Qin Zheng, Qin Feng and Fengyuzi all look at him.

“Stellar Tower? Tower master?” Qin De starts the conversation.

“There are so many Xiuzhenists, perhaps more than 10,000.” Qin Feng continues.

Qin Zheng also says: “So you’re the Stellar Tower’s master. No wonder you care so little about Base Building Pills.”

“According to guardian Liang Tan, the Stellar Tower is unexpectedly a superpower in the same league as the Penglai Immortal Region. You’re really formidable. You’ve become so strong in just 10 years.” Although Fengyuzi praises highly, there is not a big smile on his face.

The 4 of them all stare at Qin Yu and say in unison: “Say, what really happened?”

Qin Yu forces a smile: “I, I had no time to tell you, didn’t I?”

Seeing Qin Yu’s forced smile, Qin De, who is acting, can no longer restrain himself. He, who is normally solemn and dignified, now gives Qin Yu a pat on the head and says with happy laughter: “You’re quite something, brat. I never expected you to work so hard to establish yourself.”

Qin Feng hugs Qin Yu’s shoulders excitedly and says: “Xiao Yu, I’ve had to restrain myself so much during this period. I didn’t dare to seek revenge or mention the loss of my middle-grade holy weapon ... But now I’ve finally got it off my chest. This is awesome, so awesome!”

Qin Zheng also embraces Qin Yu’s shoulders and says: “Xiao Yu, I’m a monarch of mortals, but you’re a lord of Xiuzhenists. The unification of the Qian Long continent by our ancestor Qin Shi Huang has been regarded as the no. 1 glory in the history of the Qin clan, but your Stellar Tower must even be a higher achievement than the great Qin dynasty of the past.”

Fengyuzi says in a disappointed manner: “At that time I couldn’t stand being wronged by the Pure Sword School so I left it. But I never thought my nephew would become the leader of a superpower comparable to the Penglai Immortal Region. The times they really are a-changing.”

During this period of time, the high echelons of the Qin dynasty have felt deeply wronged.

General Zhao Yunxing was killed but they could not avenge him.

The 2 Shangxian both had an arm cut off and all of the middle-grade holy weapons were even taken away. The Qin dynasty, however, could only endure such a humiliation. But then Qin Yu returned and personally led a large army to rush the enemies in a majestic manner, turning the table in just one night. As a result, everybody’s frustration is relieved.

......

On the city gate tower,

After a table has been arranged in the indistinct light of the crescent moon, Qin Yu, his father, his big brother, his 2nd brother and Fengyuzi sit down around it. They drink wine and talk with each other about their experiences in the past 10 years by the moonlight. They even tense up when talking about dangerous experiences.

The night then passes and a white glow appears in the east. It is already starting to get light.

After such a long talk, Qin De and the others finally know about Qin Yu’s experiences and understand how dangerous the Xiuzhen world is.

“Compared to the Xiuzhen world, the Qian Long continent is much more stable. At least it’s controlled by laws and armies. The only bad thing here is the fighting between the countries. But in the Xiuzhen world, power is everything. Yu’er, your last 10 years has been rough. You should also rest for a while.”

At the moment, Qin De also feels pity surging inside him. Who knows how many times Qin Yu has brushed past death in the overseas Xiuzhen world?

Qin De does not know the answer at all. In fact, Qin Yu’s experiences were even more dangerous than they are in Qin Yu’s narration. He did not talk about the many times he had to rely on the Meteoric Tear to get out of danger because he does not want to worry his father too much.

......

In Prince Yu’s Mansion,

Li’er is carefully watering flowers in the early morning with a faint charming smile on the corners of her mouth.

“Li’er, you got up so early in the morning to water flowers. Why don’t you rest a bit more?” Qin Yu goes straight to a nearby net hammock and lies down in a satisfied manner. The hammock then begins to swing.

Li’er gives a smile and says emotionally: “The Qian Long continent has many unusual flowers that other places don’t. Besides, the morning air is very good. Actually, dwelling places of mortals are not bad at all.”

“Then just stay here with me all the time. I won’t chase you away.” Qin Yu says jokingly.

“All right, quit joking. Why didn’t you return the entire yesterday night? Where did you go?” Li’er says solemnly.

Qin Yu is startled then says seriously: “This, do you still have to ask why a man goes out during the night? The other places of mortals are no good, but brothels are still very flourishing. Also, the mortal scholars usually shout ‘the modest, retiring, virtuous, young lady, for the gentleman a good mate is she’ then run to brothels. This is called fashion. Yesterday I also went to a brothel to check it out.”

Li’er covers her mouth and gives a laugh: “You think you’re a gentleman?”

“Why not? I don’t look the part?”

“All right, quit blabbering. Yesterday many Xiuyaoists appeared outside. Do you think I’m a mortal who couldn’t feel it? Tell me, what did you do after leaving?” Li’er asks carefully.

Qin Yu stops lying in the hammock. He sits up, stands up and says: “I won’t hide it from you anymore. Yesterday I told you I was going to see my master. But ... my master had already been killed. Both my father and Uncle Feng had got an arm cut off too. So, yesterday I left to take revenge.” His voice has become slightly serious.

“Take revenge? What was the result?” Li’er asks.

“School terminated.” Qin Yu’s eyes flash with fierceness.

Li’er frowns, seemingly a little unhappy with this. But in a short while she lets out a sigh: “All right, since you already terminated their school, you have got your revenge, right? Then why do you still look like you want a piece of people after returning to the mansion?”

Qin Yu sobers up and says hurriedly: “I’m sorry.”

Just now he was remembering his animosities again so naturally he could not control his emotions well.

Li’er says with a smile: “Never mind. Qin Yu, where are your father and Uncle Feng? Take me to see them sometime.”

“What are you going to do?” Qin Yu asks doubtfully.

“I’m going to treat their injuries. What else do you think I’m going to do?” Li’er answers as if this goes without saying.

“Treat their injuries? My father and Uncle Feng are Xiuzhenists. They are very healthy. What injuries are you going to treat?”

Li’er says in an annoyed manner: “Idiot. Aren’t severed arms injuries? It’s been some time since your father and Uncle Feng got their arms cut off so other people can’t heal them. But if I get into action, I can still succeed with some certainty.”

Qin Yu is stupefied.

“You, you mean ... severed arms can be regenerated?” His face is full of disbelief.

Li’er gives a brilliant smile: “Of course they can. You saw me treat Yan Zi’s serious wounds in the past, right? This is my special magic power. Oh, Qin Yu, could it be you don’t want to see your father and Uncle Feng recover? If so, let’s forget it then.”

“No, no.” Qin Yu hurriedly says. When Li’er sees his expression, her eyes flash with a hint of craftiness.

Suddenly Qin Yu holds Li’er’s hand directly with a grab then flies straight towards the Imperial Palace: “Let’s go. Follow me to the Imperial Palace. Li’er, please heal my father’s and Uncle Feng’s severed arms.” Although he says so using his mouth, his flying speed is still extremely fast.

However, Li’er is startled. She watches Qin Yu pulling her hand.

This is ... the 1st time Qin Yu has ever pulled her hand!

End of b8c9.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C10: Xiao Lu

Pure Forest Garden is one of the forbidden places in the Qin dynasty’s Imperial Palace because Qin De and Fengyuzi usually stay here.

Not long ago, Qin De, Qin Yu, Qin Zheng, Qin Feng and Fengyuzi parted on the city gate tower. Qin Yu returned to Prince Yu’s Mansion, Qin Feng returned to Prince Rui’s Mansion while Qin De, Fengyuzi and Qin Zheng went back to the Imperial Palace together.

Outside the gate of Pure Forest Garden,

“Father, I’m leaving now.” Qin Zheng bows and says very respectfully. However, when he is about to go back to his dwelling place, a gust of wind blasts at him. Shocked, Qin Zheng shouts without delay: “Who?”

2 people then appear. It turns out they are Qin Yu and Miss Li’er.

Fengyuzi and Qin De are not surprised at all. Because Qin Yu is not suppressing his aura, their holy senses have already discovered that he was coming. But Qin Zheng has not even reached the Xiantian level so naturally he could not tell who the arriver was.

“Father, good news, there’s very good news.” Holding Li’er’s hand in his hand, Qin Yu says to Qin De excitedly.

Qin De looks at Qin Yu and Li’er carefully. Seeing Qin Yu still pulling Li’er’s hand, he suspects they were even flying hand in hand. Then when he sees Li’er’s slightly blushing face, he naturally draws a conclusion and says laughingly: “Good news? Yu’er, can you let me make a guess?”

“You already know?” Qin Yu is astonished.

Qin De says smilingly: “It is related to this young lady?”

Qin Yu nods. There is even more amazement in his eyes now. Only after Li’er told him did he know that she can regenerate severed arms, so how was his father able to know about this?

Qin De feels even surer. He looks at Li’er carefully. Only when he gives her a careful look can he feel her air of elegance. That air of elegance and simplicity is very soothing, just like the fresh and clean air of the early morning.

“Not bad, not bad ...”

Qin De looks at Li’er carefully as if looking at his daughter-in-law while praising her.

Qin Yu is not a fool. Seeing his father behaving this way, with a little consideration, he totally understands what his father is thinking. He cannot help forcing a smile: “Father, this is Li’er. I already told you about her when we were drinking wine on the city gate tower just now. I’ve taken her here because she can heal your severed arm.”

“Oh, Miss Li’er. What? You can heal severed arms?” Qin De frowns.

Li’er says with an indifferent smile: “Uncle Qin, it’s pretty difficult to regenerate this severed arm of yours, but my innate magic power can still do it with some certainty. Uncle Feng’s severed arm can also be healed back to normal similarly.”

Qin De and Fengyuzi exchange a look. Their eyes are filled with astonishment and disbelief.

“Miss Li’er, my school can be considered a Xiuzhen school but I’ve never heard that severed arms can be regrown. This is really hard to believe. Could you tell me about your method of treatment?” Even Fengyuzi cannot believe this.

But Qin Yu has seen Li’er give treatment and her skill was really marvelous.

“This is a magic power that I’m born with. Can you let me use it on you a bit, Uncle Qin, Uncle Feng?” Li’er says smilingly.

Qin Yu also says: “Don’t worry, father, Uncle Feng. Li’er is exceptionally good at healing. I’ve seen her treat other people’s injuries several times and the results were very good. It’ll only take you a while.”

Qin De and Fengyuzi ponder for a short time then begin to take off their coats.

Li’er says with a smile: “Uncle Qin, Uncle Feng, you don’t have to take off your coats. You only need to stand still at this place so that I can use my power on you.”

“Oh, then we’ll have to trouble you, Miss Li’er.” Qin De is even more amazed. He and Fengyuzi then just stand still on their current places.

Li’er slightly closes her eyes. Various green light beams start to move around her body. Enfolded in them, she looks like a goddess of life. The green light beams then begin to expand towards Qin De and Fengyuzi.

“Xiao Yu, are you sure of success?” Standing on one side, Qin Zheng also watches this scene with some expectation.

Qin Yu nods his head: “Don’t worry.”

When various green beams of light have covered the severed areas of Qin De and Fengyuzi’s arms, their empty sleeves start to be propped up gradually. It seems the cut-off arms are beginning to lengthen towards the cuffs inside. It is just that the lengthening speed is fairly slow.

One minute, 2 minutes ...

One hour, 2 hours ...

As time goes by, the propped-up parts of the originally empty sleeves become increasingly longer. Qin Yu’s holy sense notices clearly that as the green light fuses with the severed areas of the arms, the arms are gradually regrown. Their flesh and bones keep regenerating.

After 6 hours,

6 entire hours has passed and Qin Yu and Qin Zheng have also been fixing their eyes on the treatment for 6 hours. Feeling that their arms are regenerating nonstop, Qin De and Fengyuzi are both uncontrollably excited and happy. But because Li’er is healing them at the moment, they do not dare to say anything for fear of distracting her.

Beads of sweat are oozing out on her forehead. Sweat has also appeared on the tip of her nose ...

Li’er has been keeping her eyes closed all along. And Qin Yu has been observing the progress carefully using his holy sense. Now Qin De’s and Fengyuzi’s fingers have been formed completely. The treatment has successfully accomplished its goal. Li’er eventually opens her eyes, gently exhales a breath and wipes the sweat off her face.

“Uncle Qin, Uncle Feng, how are you feeling?” She asks smilingly.

Qin De and Fengyuzi swing their arms a couple of times and even perform hand signs using both arms. After a while, they are both pleasantly surprised.

“Miss Li’er, I’m really so grateful to you. I feel as if my arm has never been cut off. It’s exactly the same as it was in the past.” Qin De is very excited. It is the same with Fengyuzi. Now that his severed arm has been regenerated, he feels more excited than ever.

Qin Zheng is delighted. He says with loud laughter: “This is great news! This is great news! We must arrange a big celebration for it. People! Quickly go invite Prince Rui’s family to the palace. Also, take the empress, the ladies, the princes and princesses to Hundred Official Pavilion.”

......

In Hundred Official Pavilion,

Supreme Emperor Qin De takes the master seat. Qin Zheng and Fengyuzi take the seats on either side of him. Qin Yu and Qin Feng take the seats right next to them. Everybody sits down along the 2 sides of the long table. This banquet is even much more sumptuous than the previous one. Dishes are brought out one after another unceasingly.

“365 delicacies in the world have been gathered. Let’s enjoy them to our heart’s content, everybody.” Qin Zheng says laughingly.

In this banquet, Li’er is forced to drink quite a lot of wine. After knowing that Qin De’s and Fengyuzi’s severed arms have been regenerated, Qin Feng is delighted and keeps thanking her. This time, the leading character of the banquet is none other than Li’er. Everyone enjoys the festivities as much as they like.

Only when the night falls is the banquet finished.

......

In Prince Yu’s Mansion,

“Stop arguing with each other. The leaders of the 2nd, 5th and 6th companies will become the 3 honorary retainers of the Qin clan.” Qin Yu gives his judgement directly. Of the 3 he has chosen, 2 are late Yuanying-stage experts and the other is a middle Yuanying-stage expert who can match a late Yuanying-stage expert in power.

The other 7 company leaders present cannot help feeling somewhat disappointed.

Soon after coming back from the Imperial Palace, Qin Yu gathered the 4 guardians and 10 company leaders. The weakest among these 10 company leaders is already at the middle Yuanying stage. To help the Qin clan’s members, Qin Yu pondered and decided to choose 3 experts to become honorary protective retainers of the Qin clan.

He had already learned about the order of the Chaotic Astral Ocean so he knew that he had better ask 3 powerful Xiuyaoists to protect the Qin clan and that it would be useless to use more Xiuyaoists than this. Therefore he decided to first select 3 from these 10 company leaders.

The ones chosen by Qin Yu can all ask him to forge a high-grade holy weapon for them each. And they can pick any type of holy weapon they like.

High-grade holy weapons are still attractive to Yuanying-stage experts and Qin Yu has said they only have to serve as honorary retainers for 100 years before getting replaced with another batch. To Xiuyaoists, 100 years is not a long time at all.

“Yes, tower master.”

The 3 chosen experts cannot help getting delighted. Is it not just 100 years? They will only need to practice quietly during this period. As for the task of protecting the Qin clan’s members, given the Qin clan’s power, who would dare to provoke it? Therefore, this is a very easy job for them.

After 100 easy years, they can even obtain a high-grade holy weapon each. Who would not want such a good errand?

“Guardian Yan Rui, immediately dispatch an army of 8000 guards to the Wilderness to search for a black jade case. Remember one thing. The search area is within 100,000 li across the border of the Wilderness. You must not go deeper than that.” Qin Yu orders solemnly.

Yan Rui is a female, but she is the leader of the Stellar Tower’s 8 guardians and is extremely capable and experienced.

“Tower master, if the location of that black jade case is deeper, shall we go for it?” She asks.

“No.” A faint cunning smile appears on the corners of Qin Yu’s mouth. “If you can get that black jade case, that’ll be a good thing, but if I you can’t, there won’t be a problem. Remember, safety first. Right ... I already told the manager of the mansion to go buy some cases made of inky jade. You take and immediately bury them deep in the ground of the Wilderness.”

Qin Yu laughs in his mind: “The 9th jade sword, perhaps no leaders will tell the searching Xiuzhenists about this secret. They will only know that they’ll have to find a black jade case, but they won’t know what kind of jade case it is. And these mortal-made inky jade cases can also be considered black jade cases.”

“Yes!”

There is also a tinge of excitement on Yan Rui’s face. She certainly understands Qin Yu’s meaning. Since she does not have to go deeper than 100,000 li into the Wilderness, the mission of searching in the Wilderness is not very dangerous, so naturally she is happy and relaxed.

......

Qin Yu is lying on a white cloud among the other clouds in the sky, holding a flagon of wine in his hand taking one sip after another. Li’er is sitting with legs crossed on the cloud beside him. A zither has been placed on her legs. She is enjoying playing the zither with eyes closed.

Drinking wine while listening to the music makes Qin Yu feel happy as if he is an immortal.

As the white cloud floats, the zither music comes down from the 9th level of the sky as if it is the sounds of nature.

When the zither music stops, Qin Yu puts the flagon away in an instant and sits up. He says smilingly to Li’er: “Li’er, this time I have to trouble you again, but Xiao Lu is just like my younger sister. I can’t bear seeing her live the rest of her life with a severed arm like that. I ...”

“All right, don’t be so sad.” Li’er says with a smile. “How long do we still need to reach Su Yan City?”

“We’ll be there soon.” Qin Yu immediately accelerates the cloud.

......

At a gate of Su Yan City,

Qin Yu is wearing a blue robe outside, which is something he rarely does. This blue robe is extremely valuable and was personally given to Qin Yu by Qin Zheng. Li’er is also dressed entirely in blue and has a silk belt tied around her slender waist.

The 2 of them enter the city.

With a sweep of his holy sense, Qin Yu finds out Tie Shan’s and Xiao Lu’s locations, but what his holy sense has discovered stupefies him. Afterwards, he laughs out loud.

“Why are you laughing, Qin Yu?” Li’er asks doubtfully.

Qin Yu says mysteriously: “Follow me.” He quickens his pace in an instant. With just 2 or 3 steps, he travels 100 m, but the ordinary people around him simply do not notice anything unusual. This is because he is too fast.

Li’er is still waking slowly. With 2 steps that make her look as if she is floating, she easily follows Qin Yu. It seems her steps can greatly shorten space.

......

In Tang Mansion in Su Yan City,

“Darling.”

A white-clad handsome young man is kneeling in the main hall. This young man has red lips and white teeth and is so handsome that he can make women mad about him and men envious of him. This man is none other than the so-called no. 1 calligrapher of the Qin dynasty Tang Yuan, who can casually draw paintings worth thousands of gold sycees.

“You let father-in-law down, didn’t you? Kneel before his altar for 2 entire hours.”

Tang Yuan’s wife, Xiao Lu, says strictly.

Now Xiao Lu is already more than 20 years old and is in the prime of her youth. There is an air of delicacy about her but there is also an amount of heroism on her forehead. Delicacy and heroism are conflicting qualities but they coexist in harmony in Xiao Lu.

In the past, this air of delicacy and heroism attracted Tang Yuan. To court Xiao Lu, he was beaten by Tie Shan 3 times and suffered countless hardships. In the end he was able to win the belle’s heart. However, Xiao Lu adores another brother the most -- Qin Yu. After Qin Yu left the Qian Long continent and that battle on the river Wu received widespread attention, she started to put a lot of effort into training, aiming to follow Qin Yu’s example. She reached the Xiantian level 5 years later and now she is already at the middle Xiantian level.

As a gentle, weak scholar who is married to a Xiantian-level heroine, Tang Yuan naturally ... has suffered.

“Xiao Lu, you’re too merciful to Qinglan. Yesterday this disobedient son even went to a brothel with some scoundrels to drink wine. He must kneel at least 6 hours.” A 50 to 60 year old luxurious-looking married woman stares angrily at Tang Yuan.

“Mother ...” Tang Yuan secretly takes a look at his mother but does not see a glimmer of hope.

“Darling...” He then looks at Xiao Lu.

Seeing the pitiful look in his eyes, she cannot help softening a little.

“Tang Qinglan!” A loud shout comes in from outside. A man dressed in military uniform rushes in. There are even 2 guards behind him.

“Ah, brother-in-law.” As soon as Tang Yan sees Tie Shan, he acts like a mouse seeing a cat. He is so frightened that he immediately gets up and runs to Xiao Lu’s back, saying hurriedly: “Save me, darling. Save me, darling. Brother-in-law will kill me.”

Tie Shan’s face is full of anger: “Tang Qinglan, you even dared to go into a brothel again. You let my sister down, didn’t you? This time I won’t let you go before giving you 20 military lashes.”

Lady Tang, who had harsh words for Tang Yuan just moments ago, also says hurriedly: “Commander Tie, you can’t use your whip. I’ll make him kneel for 6 hours, no, 10 hours. But if you give him 20 military lashes, he will be bedridden for a half month.”

“Lying on bed is also good. He’ll become better-behaved.” Tie Shan is boiling with anger.

The Tang clan is influential and is a large clan in Su Yan City, but Tie Shan is the commander of the city’s army and a sworn brother of the reigning emperor’s younger brother, the Qin clan’s 3rd Prince, who took part in that legendary battle on the river Wu.

Therefore, even though the Tang clan is powerful, it will not dare to offend Tie Shan.

“Big brother, kneeling 2 hours is enough for him. He won’t dare to make the same mistake.” Xiao Lu hastily gets in front of Tang Yuan. She does not like her husband to be hit with a military whip.

“Step aside, Xiao Lu.”

“No.” Xiao Lu keeps blocking her big brother’s way.

Tie Shan is furious, but he cannot use force because, firstly, he hates to hurt his sister, and secondly, he ... is no match for Xiao Lu. Although he has been training assiduously, he is not highly gifted like her at all. There is nothing he can do about this.

“Darling, you’re the best.” Tang Yuan says while hiding behind Xiao Lu.

“Oh, is a play going on here?” A jocular voice rises.

Everybody is startled and looks outside the hall. They see Qin Yu coming in, with Li’er going behind him.

“Xiao Yu.” Tie Shan opens his eyes so wide that they look like small copper bells.

“Brother Yu.” Xiao Lu’s face is also full of disbelief.

End of b8c10.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C11: Xun Feng, Situ Xue

Qin Yu and Li’er go into the main hall successively.

“Xiao Lu, Tie Shan, what’s going on here? Is the gentleman behind you your husband, Xiao Lu?” Qin Yu says with an indifferent smile.

Xiao Lu looks at Qin Yu. In just a while, she becomes misty-eyed.

After Qin Yu left the Qian Long continent to enter the boundless ocean, nobody knew when he would be able to return or even whether he would return. Xiao Lu was also grieved by Qin Yu’s departure and therefore she has been putting her effort into training since then.

“Brother Yu.” Xiao Lu suddenly walks up 2 steps and hugs Qin Yu. She can no longer hold back her tears.

Tie Shan’s eyes also slightly redden. At the moment this iron man is also extremely excited.

“All right, don’t act like a child. Now you’re already a wife so you got to be virtuous a bit. Do you understand?” Qin Yu strokes Xiao Lu’s shoulders and wipes her tears off. Afterwards he looks at Tang Yuan, asking: “You’re Tang Yuan, right? Are you my younger sister’s husband?”

Tang Yuan is basically someone who fears nothing, but now he becomes somewhat cautious.

This is because the man before him is Prince Yu of the Qin dynasty, the unprecedented Xiantian external expert of the Qian Long continent, who even became a Xiuzhenist at the age of 20 and who was the winner of that legendary battle on the river Wu.

“Brother-in-law, I am Tang Yuan, courtesy name Qinglan. I am exactly Xiao Lu’s husband.” Tang Yuan calms down in a short while and says courteously. However, he calls Qin Yu ‘brother-in-law’ so the distance between them is immediately shortened.

Qin Yu secretly approves of his behavior.

“Xiao Yu, there wasn’t even a tiny piece of news about you in 10 years. Today we must drink until we’re drunk. Qinglan, I’ll suspend these military lashes for the time being today. You quickly go prepare a nice feast with fine wine. This time I and my brother got to drink to our hearts’ content.” Tie Shan is now very high-spirited.

Qin Yu says with a smile: “Da Shan, today I’ll drink with you until you can’t take it anymore, okay?”

At Qin Yu’s current level, he can drink as much wine as he likes so how can he possibly flinch from drinking?

“Awesome. Tang Qinglan, what are you standing there for? Why don’t you go make preparations?” Tie Shan suddenly stares at Tang Yuan.

Tang Yuan’s facial expression stiffens. He forces a smile: “This, brother-in-law, just now you said you would suspend the military lashes for the time being, didn’t you? But today is such a day of great happiness because of Prince Yu’s arrival, so could you exempt me from these lashes?”

“Nonsense, quickly go prepare the feast.” Tie Shan says angrily.

Qin Yu says with a smile: “Da Shan, did you become a fool? He doesn’t necessarily have to go prepare the feast himself. Just now that housekeeper went out right after hearing what you had said. Perhaps he went to prepare the feast. Qinglan is playing a trick on you.”

Tang Yuan looks at Qin Yu with a little shock: “Brother-in-law, just now the housekeeper was at the door and your back was facing him, how could you know what he was doing?”

He does not know martial arts and does not even know about the existence of the holy sense.

“Hubby, how can you possibly imagine my brother Yu’s magic power?” Xiao Lu helps Qin Yu answer.

“Magic power?” Qin Yu says with a smile. “When it comes to magic powers, I’m far inferior to my junior sister. Let me introduce a bit, this lady is my junior sister Li’er.” He pulls Li’er’s hand then introduces her to everybody. She gives him a look but does not pull her hand back.

After Qin Yu pulled Li’er’s hand for the first time, she has not resisted too much when he has pulled her hand again. There is a hint of satisfaction at the bottom of Qin Yu’s eyes because his ‘plot has succeeded’ but too bad ... she does not see it.

Li’er nods to everybody with an indifferent smile.

“Sister Li’er, are you really my brother Yu’s junior sister?” Xiao Lu looks doubtfully at Qin Yu and Li’er.

“Yan’er.” She suddenly says.

A little head sticks out from a corner of the main hall. Those shiny black eyes are extremely cute.

“Yan’er, come here. Quickly greet your uncle.” Xiao Lu calls that little boy. This boy is none other than her son Tang Yan, looking just about 3 years old. His hair is combed into an upright bunch and his cheeks are ruddy.

Tang Yan walks towards Qin Yu then looks at Li’er. He turns his little face upwards and asks doubtfully: “Uncle, you just said she had some magic power, didn’t you? What is it?”

“Right, what is sister Li’er’s magic power?” Xiao Lu also becomes doubtful.

“She can heal your severed arm.” Qin Yu looks Xiao Lu in the eye and says slowly.

Xiao Lu, Tang Yuan, lady Tang and Tie Shan are all dumbfounded.

......

3 days later, Qin Yu, Li’er, Xiao Lu, Tang Yuan and Tie Shan are walking on the streets of Su Yan City.

“Da Shan, how do you feel about being the commander of this Su Yan City?” Qin Yu asks smilingly.

Tie Shan thinks for a while and says: “I feel so-so. It’s just that dealing with the children of some officials is a little troublesome. But it feels pretty good when I eat and drink with those brothers of mine. Xiao Yu, you’ve seen my robust, good-natured son, he’s very strong, right?”

“Yeah, he’s unusually strong. He’s so young but he can already drink wine.” Qin Yu cannot help giving a smile.

Suddenly his face changes color. Then he gives a faint smile.

“Tie Shan, this Su Yan City has a young man who is fond of holding a folding fan, about 25 or 26 years old and quite cute and handsome, right? There’s a small plait at the back of his head.” Qin Yu asks Tie Shan.

The latter says with a ‘humph’: “Yeah, it certainly does. This is our Su Yan City’s governor’s son, who belongs to the same gang as this Tang Qinglan fella.”

“Brother Ziyou?” Tang Yuan looks doubtfully at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu says with a nod: “Tang Yuan, this friend of yours will most likely lose his little life because ... he’s annoyed someone he shouldn’t annoy.”

......

Xun Feng, son of Su Yan City’s governor, likes to have many romantic relationships with women so he and Tang Yuan are compatible. He occasionally dallies with women of good families, but he does this for harmless fun only and has never really exploited them.

Today, Xun Feng and several male servants are taking a stroll on the main streets.

“Wow, what a beauty, what a beauty. I’ve fallen in love with her.” He looks at a nearby woman, feeling his heart pounding in his chest.

The woman ahead of him is dressed entirely in purple with no traces of a smile on her face. There is an extremely grim air about her, but because her facial features can be considered perfect, people will think that she is an ice queen. Her purple lips even add to her lordly, frosty air.

“Young lady, I am Xun Feng, Xun Ziyou.” Xun Feng goes forwards and says with a smiling expression he considers the friendliest.

“Get lost.”

The purple-clad woman says with an expressionless face. Her eyes flash with coldness.

Xun Feng is startled. He cannot help feeling somewhat embarrassed. But he has an unusually thick skin so he continues to say with a smile: “Young lady, I am very familiar with Su Yan City and its every corner. If you want to go somewhere for a stroll, I will definitely be the best tour guide.”

The purple-clad woman’s eyes suddenly turn eerily grim.

“Oh my, brother Ziyou, since when have you become so polite in chasing a beauty? Beautiful lady ... I am Wang Shan of Su Yan City’s Wang clan. Why don’t you follow me to the Wang clan to look around a bit?” A slightly sharp voice rises.

At the same time, 2 henchmen go towards this purple-clad woman to grab her.

Wang Shan is different from Xun Feng. Xun Feng play jokes on women at the most, but Wang Shan even abducts them.

“All of you ... die!”

The purple-clad woman’s eyes radiate coldness. All of a sudden, her body shoots various rays of light into her vicinity. The 2 henchmen of the Wang clan closest to her are broken into pieces in the blink of an eye. Xun Feng cannot help secretly getting shocked by this. Given his puny power, he simply cannot dodge at all.

“Miss Situ, if you want to kill someone in my Qin dynasty, at least you have to tell me about it first.”

Qin Yu appears in front of Xun Feng immediately as if using teleportation. The rays of light the purple-clad woman shoots towards the place where Qin Yu is standing are easily blocked by him.

“Ah!” As for Wang Shan in another direction, just like his servants, he is reduced to pieces. His blood is all over the ground.

Xun Feng’s face turns very white and is full of disbelief. He never thought that this frosty beauty was such a deadly god.

The purple-clad beautiful woman gives Qin Yu a look. The corners of her mouth slightly curve upwards, which is a rare sight. It is possible that she considers this action smiling.

“Tower master Qin Yu.” The woman’s manner is fairly polite.

Qin Yu says with a smile: “Miss Situ, why are you taking a stroll on the streets of Su Yan City alone instead of staying with brother Yi Da? This brat has some connections with my younger sister’s husband so I certainly can’t watch him die.”

This purple-clad beautiful woman is none other than Situ Xue, one of the 3 leaders of the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon.

“Since tower master Qin Yu has got into action, I’ll spare this brat this time.” Situ Xue casts a glance at Xun Feng then looks at Qin Yu, saying: “Tower master Qin Yu, both Yi Da and Jiao Jiu are in Su Yan City. Perhaps they are in a certain place of the city now.”

Qin Yu nods his head.

“Brother Ziyou.” Tang Yuan has finally run to the scene from the distance.

Just now, Qin Yu, Tang Yuan and the others were 1 km away from Xun Feng. However, to Qin Yu, this distance can be covered in one step and in an instant, so naturally he was able to save Xun Feng’s life in the nick of time.

“Qinglan, they, they and Wang Shan have all been reduced to pieces.” At the moment, Xun Feng’s heart is still pounding.

Seeing this scene and noticing the acquaintanceship between Qin Yu and that purple-clad beautiful woman, Tang Yuan concludes that she is probably also a Xiuzhenist. He immediately tells Xun Feng: “Brother Ziyou, you must have a death wish. Why did you provoke her?”

Xun Feng takes a deep breath then looks at Situ Xue and says in a low voice: “Qinglan, I think ... I’m in love with her.” He thinks that nobody can hear him when he talks in such a low voice, but right after he said so --

Qin Yu suddenly turns around and looks at Xun Feng with amazement. Situ Xue also looks at Xun Feng. At the same time, her expression becomes very strange.

“This brat ...” Qin Yu does not know what to say for the moment.

Situ Xue is the no. 1 she-devil in the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon and an early Kongming-stage Xiumoist, no less! Even Qin Yu is only about as powerful as she is, yet now an ordinary brat has fallen for such a top expert of the Xiumo path ...

“What a madcap.” A faint smile appears on the corners of Qin Yu’s mouth.

Seeing Qin Yu and Situ Xue looking at him in such a manner, Xun Feng thinks about their magic powers just now and figures out that his words have most likely been heard by them. His thinking is already known to them, but he unexpectedly raises his head and looks straight at Situ Xue.

“Are you Miss Situ?” Xun Feng says smilingly. He still remembers what Qin Yu and Situ Xue just said to each other.

Situ Xue, however, says nothing, her eyes still ice-cold.

“I am Xun Feng, Xun Ziyou. Miss Situ, I sincerely like you. But ... love must come from both sides. I definitely will not bother you. As long as you remember that Su Yan City has a man called Xun Ziyou who likes you, it is enough for me.”

There is a calm, amiable smile on Xun Feng’s face.

“Ha-ha ... Situ Xue, someone even likes you? Good Heavens! Did the sun rise in the west today?” A muscular man comes rushing then looks at Xun Feng and says: “Brat, do you want me to tell you how old this Miss Situ is? Ha-ha ...”

“Jiao Jiu.” Situ Xue makes a wave of her hand. A purple electric spark shoots out.

Jiao Jiu makes a wave of his hand. A crescent-moon-shaped light shoots out and collides with that purple electric spark. They then both dissipate.

“Situ, we’ve been friends for so many years, today someone openly said he loved you so I’m also happy for you.” Jiao Jiu then says laughingly to Xun Feng: “Brat, let me tell you something. This year, your Miss Situ is already -- ah, Situ Xue, can you let me finish what I’m saying?”

Jiao Jiu and Situ Xue exchange a blow.

Situ Xue looks at Jiao Jiu with grim eyes: “Shut your mouth a bit, or ... today I’ll fight you to the death.”

Jiao Jiu is startled. He immediately stops talking.

“Situ, you and Jiao Jiu have fought each other for so many years, but you’ve never said you would fight him to the death before. Now ... you say so because of a mortal. Could it be ...” A purple-haired man appears with a hint of mockery.

He looks handsomely evil and strange!

Situ Xue frowns but says nothing. After all, this man is Dungeon King Yi Da, a late Kongming stage expert for whom she is definitely no match.

“Tower master Qin Yu.” Yi Da looks at Qin Yu and slightly nods.

“Brother Yi Da.” Qin Yu also nods. At this moment, various groups of city guards rush to the scene. Qin Yu immediately tells Tie Shan on one side: “Da Shan, casually handle these dead people a bit. You don’t have to care much about this matter.”

Tie Shan also knows that the people in front of him are no ordinary. He nods without delay then orders the guards to deal with the shattered corpses in the surroundings.

“Brother Yi Da, let’s go to that restaurant for a nice chat.” Qin Yu says enthusiastically.

“After you.” Yi Da nods.

Immediately, Qin Yu, Yi Da, Situ Xue, Jiao Jiu and Li’er all head for that restaurant.

“Get a grip, Ziyou. That Situ Xue is no ordinary person. Quit dreaming, will you?” Tang Yuan says solemnly at once. Because of her relationship with Qin Yu, Xiao Lu knows about Xiuzhenist-related matters, and naturally Tang Yuan has learned about some of them from her. As a result, he can guess Situ Xue’s identity.

Xun Feng, however, says resolutely with a shake of his head: “No, Qinglan, at that time Xiao Lu was a Xiantian expert, but you chased her in the same way, didn’t you?”

“I was different, definitely different.” When Tang Yuan has just said these words, suddenly --

A fierce wind appears on the calm street. This strange fierce wind stops in an instant. In the end, Xun Feng, Tang Yuan and the others see a scene that stupefies them. Not far ahead of them, more than 10 have appeared out of thin air during the short period between the appearance and disappearance of the wind.

“All of you stay here. I’ll go meet with Dungeon King.” One of these people tells the others.

End of b8c11.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C12: 10 years

On the 2nd floor of the restaurant, there are only the people like Qin Yu and Yi Da because the other customers here have been driven away.

“Brother Yi Da, your method was a little too fierce. Could it be you don’t know how to use money?” Qin Yu looks at what previously was a huge colorful painted rock used as a decoration for the restaurant. The huge rock has been transformed into a mass of frozen liquid. Just now Yi Da put his hand on the rock. It melted instantly, but in just a while, that liquefied rock unexpectedly solidified completely.

Afterwards, Yi Da cast a glance at everybody in the surroundings, and all of those customers went downstairs very quickly.

“Money?” Yi Da gives an indifferent smile then chooses a seat directly and sits down. He points at the opposite seat and says to Qin Yu: “Take a seat.” Qin Yu sits down in front of Yi Da as he was told while Li’er sits down at another table on one side.

“Brother Yi Da, you’ve been staying on the Qian Long continent for some time, have you achieved any results?” Qin Yu holds a goblet up, pours wine and drinks by himself. He simply does not care about Yi Da.

Yi Da makes a wave of his hand. A flagon flies over from one side. He also pours wine and drinks by himself, saying: “Results? The forces your Stellar Tower sent over here are second only to the Penglai Immortal Region’s men in number. If you haven’t got any results, how could I have?”

“Who says I haven’t got any results?” Qin Yu says smilingly.

“Oh?” Yi Da looks at Qin Yu. “You’ve found the 9th jade sword?”

Qin Yu says with a shake of his head: “I haven’t. It was just a black jade case.” Yi Da immediately focuses his attention. Qin Yu however says with a sigh: “Too bad, that black jade case wasn’t the one containing the 9th jade sword.”

“There are very many black jade cases in the Wilderness?” Yi Da slightly frowns.

In his opinion, the immense Wilderness possibly has quite a few natural forging materials, but black jade cases are not something that can be created by nature. The only explanation for these kinds of things appearing in the Wilderness is that someone made them out of boredom and then put them in the Wilderness.

Yi Da does not know who could have done such a nonsensical thing.

“Of course not many.” Qin Yu says with certainty. But he thinks in his mind: “There are only 7 or 8 of them.”

Yi Da gives a rare faint smile: “You were just unlucky. If my men find a black jade case, it’ll definitely have the 9th jade sword. Do you believe me or not?”

“I don’t.” Qin Yu looks him in the eye.

“Just wait for a while, my men are coming here.” Yi Da says smilingly. He has already received a message from his subordinates that says they have obtained a black jade case with even a restrictive spell on it, so naturally he is delighted inwardly. He is not afraid of Qin Yu snatching it either because Qin Yu is less powerful than he is.

“Oh, you’re so confident, brother Yi Da.” Qin Yu slowly drinks wine while waiting.

“Dungeon King.”

A silhouette rushes up the 2nd floor then immediately gets down on one knee. But he slightly hesitates when he sees Qin Yu.

“Tower master Qin Yu is no outsider. Just tell me everything.” Yi Da says indifferently. That subordinate reaches out a hand without delay and a black jade case flies straight out from his storage bracelet. With a sweep of his holy sense, Qin Yu knows that this is none other than ... one of his fake black jade cases.

As for the restrictive spell on the black jade case, he himself told Yan Rui to cast it.

Yi Da shoots a beam of light from his hand straight at that black jade case. However, that restrictive spell is broken surprisingly easily. Yi Da’s face changes color at once. He has obtained black jade cases before so naturally he knows how difficult it is to get rid of a case’s Dust Removing Spell.

“Brother Yi Da, didn’t you say if your men got a black jade case, it’d definitely contain the 9th jade sword? Let’s open it to take a look.” Qin Yu says smilingly on one side.

With a cold humph, Yi Da immediately throws that black jade case on the floor. A bang is heard and the black jade case is broken into a good number of pieces.

Inky jade is an ordinary kind of jade and Yan Rui’s restrictive spell has been removed by Yi Da so the black jade case is shattered instantly when Yi Da throws it on the floor in anger. A piece of paper then floats out from inside the shattered black jade case. It says ‘Inky jade case, made of high-grade inky jade, worth 100 silver sycees’.

“Brother Yi Da, this is ...” Qin Yu fakes a very shocked expression.

Yi Da says with several cold laughs: “I wonder who the fella that played this stupid trick on us is. Judging from everybody’s character, perhaps it’s that damned Azure Dragon. He likes to fool around the most.”

“Overlord Azure Dragon? This is impossible, right?” Qin Yu says in justification of Azure Dragon.

“Impossible?” In his mind, Yi Da is furious with the individual who fooled him using that fake black jade case. “You’ve only known Azure Dragon for a short time. He likes to butt in other people’s business the most and also likes to make fools of people. He usually plays tricks on people and messes up their situations.” Yi Da has suffered at the hands of Azure Dragon not only once.

Qin Yu recalls for a while and finds that Azure Dragon indeed likes to have fun and stir things up. Too bad for Azure Dragon, he has been made a scapegoat for Qin Yu.

......

The Wilderness’s surface area is too massive while the target of the search is a small black jade case so naturally everybody has to search carefully and slowly. Therefore, even though holy senses are used, an extremely great amount of time will still be needed.

However, Qin Yu is very satisfied with how he passes the days. When he does not meditate or practice, he often plays chess with Li’er, or to be exact, gets thrashed by Li’er in chess, or chats with his relatives. He spends even more time visiting various big cities and scenic places on the Qian Long continent with Li’er.

Month after month, year after year ...

The relationship between Qin Yu and Li’er also becomes better and better, but they never talk about who they love and are somewhat ignorant of each other’s feelings. They also do not really care when their relatives joke about them. However ... their juniors, that is, some princes, eventually begin to chase girls.

......

It has been 10 years.

10 whole years has passed. During this period of time, the 6 powers have mobilized over 10,000 troops each to search the Wilderness carefully and slowly. The progress has naturally been slow because they all want to carry out a thorough search. However, after 10 years of hard work, the search area has still expanded to the 1 million li mark in the Wilderness.

Because of the order Qin Yu gave in the past, the Stellar Tower’s forces have never gone more than 100,000 li into the Wilderness to reach deeper places.

The demonic beasts of the Wilderness are very formidable, exceptionally formidable.

In the process of going deep into the Wilderness, the other 5 powers’ forces have all suffered some losses, but the Stellar Tower’s forces have never gone deep so nothing bad has happened to them. However, the strangest thing is that, 3 years ago, all of the demonic beasts with some achievements in practice suddenly disappeared. Every power’s forces have failed to find a single Jindan stage demonic beast in the Wilderness ever since.

Strange.

This is very strange. There are still quite a lot of demonic beasts in the Wilderness but why did so many Jindan stage ones all disappear? Where did they actually go?

This has been a major headache to the other 5 powers, but Qin Yu simply has not cared. Instead, he has been learning to play the flute and has occasionally performed it together with Li’er playing the zither. Somehow, even though Qin Yu has been learning the flute for several years, his skill is still far inferior to Li’er’s zither skill.

His chess skill is not as good as Li’er’s, as is his flute skill compared to her zither skill, but he does not mind at all. He keeps playing chess with her and playing the flute in concert with her zither.

......

In Prince Yu’s Mansion, Qin Yu and a young man are sitting face-to-face.

“Let me tell you something, 3rd Uncle. It’s been 10 years but you and Aunt Li’er are still the same whereas this nephew of yours will marry the crown princess soon.” The crown prince of the Qin dynasty Qin Guan says.

Qin Yu is astounded.

Then he immediately says with a smile: “You little brat, you’re not big enough. Your 3rd Uncle’s business is none of your concern.” In fact Qin Guan is not little as he is already 18 years old. On the Qian Long continent, where one can undergo the ceremony of adulthood at age 16, an 18-year-old getting married is nothing special.

“3rd Uncle, it’s not that I’m little, but that you’re too big. You’re so big but you’re still single.” Qin Guan says discontentedly.

All of a sudden, Li’er comes over from the distance, holding a small salver with some bunches of grapes on it. She puts the salver down on the table: “Eat the grapes, Qin Yu. It took me some time to choose them. I already washed them carefully.”

Qin Yu begins to eat the grapes very happily without delay.

“Big brother.” Hei Yu also flies over.

“What’s the matter, Xiao Hei? Don’t steal. These are the grapes Li’er gave me.” Hei Yu opens his mouth and swallows 7 or 8 grapes at a gulp, which makes Qin Yu very worried.

Hei Yu gives a smile: “Big brother, I’m going to tell you a delightful thing.”

“Oh, a delightful thing? What is it?” Qin Yu looks at Hei Yu very curiously. The latter says proudly: “I’m ... going to face the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation a half year later!”

“Really?” Qin Yu is astonished.

“Of course it is. But, big brother, Hou Fei already went through the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation several years ago, and my power is even weaker than yours, why do I now have to undergo the tribulation earlier than you?” Hei Yu says doubtfully.

In the Stellar Tower, Hou Fei is now the most powerful. By contrast, Qin Yu has yet to sense when his 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation comes.

Qin Yu says with an indifferent smile: “Who knows? In theory I should have already reached the peak of the late Meteor stage 10 years ago, but I’ve always been unable to sense the arrival of my 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation ever since. However ... this is not something that can be forced.”

During the past 10 years of Qin Yu’s stay on the Qian Long continent, Uncle Lan once came to his place. Qin Yu asked why he had been unable to feel the arrival of the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, because, after all, even Hou Fei had passed this tribulation. However, Uncle Lan only told him not to worry and not to care about it either.

Although Qin Yu has not gone through the tribulation, his soul level has been improving rapidly.

Thanks to staying together with Li’er for 10 years, his soul has now almost reached the early Kongming stage. It should be known that as the soul improves, the difficulty of improving it also increases a lot. Qin Yu has been able to reach his current soul level not only because of the Meteoric Tear, but also because of Li’er’s zither music.

Li’er says smilingly: “This is not something that can be forced. There must be reason for the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation to come so slowly. Your power was already enough long ago, and your soul is even at a far superior level than your power, so in theory it’ll come soon.”

“All right, it’s useless to worry.” Qin Yu says in an unconcerned manner.

Suddenly he notices something. With a turn of his hand, a transmitter appears. Right after Qin Yu makes a holy sense sweep, his faces changes color greatly.

“What happened, big brother?” Xiao Hei asks immediately.

Qin Yu says slowly with a deep frown: “Azure Dragon’s forces of more than 10,000 in total have been annihilated.” Recalling that message Azure Dragon sent him, he has a feeling that perhaps his quiet life can no longer continue.

End of b8c12.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8 13
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C13: Black city

At a place more than 2 million li deep into the Wilderness on the Qian Long continent,

There is a Dragon Rocky lion that is dark red from head to toe, over 100 m long, several tens meters tall and covered entirely in red-rock-like armor. His neck even has 6 thick, sharp spines and his head has a golden horn.

At the moment, the Dragon Rocky lion Qin Yu once met is rushing about in all directions extremely fast with peerless ferocity, causing loud rumblings in the process --

Even high-grade flying sword cannot penetrate his rocky armor, which is several meters thick. “Roar ~~~” The Dragon Rocky lion roars. His golden single horn is flashing nonstop with a frightening light. Flying swords are shattered, miserable cries are heard continuously, heads are sent flying, limbs are severed, flesh fragments are scattered and blood flies up in the air wherever that dark red blur goes.

“Divine beast, it’s a divine beast. Quickly run!”

A Dongxu stage guardian of the Azure Dragon Palace shouts loudly. Now his expression is ferocious, but there is terror in his eyes.

......

In terms of volume, there is a beast even more terrifying than the Dragon Rocky lion -- a Nine-Headed snake, or to be exact, it should be called a Nine-Headed dragon. This Nine-Headed snake is more than 100 m long and the most important thing is that each of his 9 heads is 10-odd m long.

When the 9 heads attack in all directions together, they are even more frighteningly destructive than the Dragon Rocky lion.

Hissing ~~~

The Nine-Headed snake glances coldly at the leader of this over 10,000 strong army of the Azure Dragon Palace, a middle Dongxu stage guardian, with his grim eyes. One of his 10-odd m long necks then turns into a blur and swings at that guardian.

Clack ~~

The middle Dongxu stage guardian dies miserably on the spot without being able to resist at all.

The 9 long snake heads then attack in all directions. The tail of the snake is swung horizontally, smashing Xiuyaoists’ bodies wherever it goes. Even a Dongxu stage expert’s flying sword can only leave a white mark on the body of this Nine-Headed snake at most.

......

Meanwhile, several tens thousand other demonic beasts have formed a complete blockade. The over 10,000 Xiuyaoists from the Azure Dragon Palace have been encircled. None of them can escape now because inside they are being massacred by divine beasts while outside they are being surrounded and exterminated by countless demonic beasts.

In only less than one hour, the forces Azure Dragon mustered have been annihilated.

......

With a movement of his body, the Nine-Headed snake turns into a 3 m tall lanky man. Only this man has 9 snake heads, looking very frightening.

After going through the 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation, divine beasts can transform to look like humans, except for their heads, which remain unchanged. This is called ‘half humanization’. Only after overcoming the 9-from-9th Heaven Tribulation can they take complete human forms. This Nine-Headed snake is an extremely formidable divine beast and his power has surpassed the Dongxu stage.

“Lord Xue, the Azure Dragon Palace’s forces have been destroyed.”

Nine-Headed snake stands still and says respectfully.

Ahead of him, there is unexpectedly ... a snow-white cat, a cute snow-white kitten. However this kitten’s eyes are golden. At this moment, the snowy kitten nods and says: “Nine-Headed, remember that whoever dares to intrude even half a centimeter must be killed.”

“Yes, Lord Xue.” Nine-Headed snake answers respectfully, not daring to hesitate in the least.

The snowy kitten nods its head: “Nine-Headed, I have to go report this matter to Overlord. You arrange someone to deal with the corpses a bit.” After saying so, the kitten makes a movement with its body. In an instant, a white, icy gust of wind rises within several tens meters of it and the cat also disappears.

Only after Nine-Headed snake sees the snowy cat disappear does he let out a long breath.

The snowy cat’s power is simply not something he can imagine. And just thinking about the ‘Overlord’ mentioned by the cat terrifies him.

......

Several tens thousand li away from the place where 10,000 subordinates of Azure Dragon were killed, there is a quiet deep cave which goes into the ground vertically. Nobody knows how deep this cave is.

“Ah ~~~”

Anguished cries keep echoing in the cave until they come out.

The faces of all the members of the 2 groups outside the cave change color greatly. The 2 leaders take out a transmitter each and message the members in charge in the cave. However, they get no replies regardless of how many messages they send.

One message is sent after another, but none of the members who entered the cave answers.

“Men from the Penglai Immortal Region listen. This quiet deep cave was found by our Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon first. If you hadn’t vied with us by sending several thousand men down, why would our Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon have suffered such huge losses? I’m going to report this to Dungeon King.”

The leader of the group from the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon, a black-robed old man, shouts to the leader of the group from the Penglai Immortal Region, a blue-gowned juvenile.

That blue-gowned juvenile says with a cold laugh: “You found it first? It should be my man who discovered this secret place first but your men killed him to silence him. Luckily he had already sent a message, or else we still didn’t know. This time you are to blame for my Penglai Immortal Region losing several thousand men.”

In just a while, these groups have lost more than a third of their power.

The black-robed old man and the blue-gowned juvenile both feel that they cannot account for this so they put the blame on each other.

The black-robed old man says with a cold laugh: “Men from your Penglai Immortal Region are pretty good at lying. All of you are very hypocritical. I won’t waste time talking to you anymore. I’m going to report this to Dungeon King.” He immediately begins to send another message through the transmitter in his hand.

The blue-gowned juvenile also sends another message.

......

In a residence in a small town of the Qin dynasty near the Wilderness,

The leaders of the 6 powers from the overseas Xiuzhen world are gathering here. Searching for that black jade case in the Wilderness is the job of their subordinates. All along, these high-ranking leaders have been strolling about the Qian Long continent to relieve boredom or practicing quietly.

However, now all of them are here.

In just a few days, Azure Dragon’s forces of more than 10,000 have been exterminated while the Penglai Immortal Region and the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon have both lost a third of their men. Such heavy losses never occurred during the 10 previous years, so the 6 big leaders have been shocked by them.

There are 6 thrones.

Qin Yu is sitting in one of them. Hou Fei and Hei Yu are standing behind him. The other 5 seats have been taken by Azure Dragon, Old Freak Three-Eyed, Di Long, Reverend Yan Xu and Dungeon King Yi Da. At the moment, the atmosphere in the house is a bit oppressive.

“What happened, Azure Dragon? How did all of your subordinates die with not even one escaping?” Old Freak Three-Eyed is still in disbelief.

Azure Dragon lets out a sigh. There is, however, very little sadness in his eyes. After all, the forces sent to carry out the search this time all lived near the Qian Long continent and the core forces of his Azure Dragon Palace have not been used yet so he does not really mind after these forces were wiped out. However, from now on, he cannot have anybody on the Qian Long continent search for the black jade case for him.

“Now my forces are all gone so I’ll tell you this piece of info. After going more than 2 million li into the Wilderness, you’ll see a huge black city with at least several hundred thousand Xiuyaoists inside.” Azure Dragon says positively.

The face of everybody present changes color.

Several hundred thousand Xiuyaoists? Even though any of the 6 powers has more subordinates than this, the Wilderness is not their headquarters. They only have a little more than 10,000 subordinates here.

“The forces inside the black city are just a portion. The area outside the city is several tens times larger than the city. This area is full of Xiuyaoists and all of them have at least reached the Jindan stage. Their number even surpasses a million.” Azure Dragon says very solemnly.

Qin Yu and the others all draw a cold breath.

Over a million?

This is perhaps an imaginary number but all of them can see very clearly that the area around that black city must be part of the city’s real power. Such a power with probably 2 to 3 million subordinates is definitely not weaker than the Azure Dragon Palace.

“Then how did your subordinates die?” Old Freak Three-Eyed asks.

However, in their mind, everybody has figured out that they were most likely annihilated by that enormous power.

“That day, a guardian of my Azure Dragon Palace was leading his subordinates searching carefully for traces of that black jade case. They then arrived in that area. A local little Jindan stage Xiuyaoist unexpectedly told my subordinates that whoever entered this area should be killed.” There is a tinge of annoyance on Azure Dragon’s face.

Who is Azure Dragon? Since when have other people been able to treat him this way?

Moreover, there is even the dragon clan behind him so naturally he was not frightened.

“I told my subordinates to only search for the black jade case and not to hurt anybody for no reason.” Azure Dragon suddenly says with fury: “Who could have thought that soon after they advanced, they would be completely surrounded by countless Xiuyaoists and even divine beasts would appear at the same time. So, in just a while, my forces were all gone.”

Everybody remains silent for a long time.

“Everybody, do you still remember a strange thing about the Wilderness?” Qin Yu suddenly says.

Reverend Yan Xu and the others all look at him. Qin Yu says smilingly: “Originally, we could see demonic beasts when going 100 li into the Wilderness. But after we started the search, though we encountered demonic beasts in the beginning and lost quite a few troops because of this, later we didn’t see a single demonic beast. Everybody, do you still remember?”

“Indeed.” Di Long says solemnly with a nod. “We went in 2 million li but we didn’t see a single demonic beast. Now looks like ... that black city is a certain power. Perhaps it ordered all demonic beasts directly to gather around the city and not to clash with us.”

“Humph.”

Standing behind Reverend Yan Xu, Reverend Huo Tian gives a cold humph. “That city is very powerful. Its Xiuyaoists can already match the Azure Dragon Palace in number. We didn’t send many troops to this place at all, so why would the power in that city have feared us? Why would it have wanted every demonic beast under it to gather around that city?”

“Fear? Does reluctance to clash with us definitely mean fear? You Xiuxianists’ intelligence is so low.” Yi Da says with a cold smile.

“Yi Da!” Reverend Huo Tian is furious. “Don’t go over the line. This time the Penglai Immortal Region’s men discovered that quiet deep cave first, but your men killed them to hide it from us and monopolize it. Humph, you’ve gone overboard.”

Yi Da says nothing. But Jiao Jiu beside him laughs out loud: “Huo Tian, you’re still such an arsehole.”

“Where’s Miss Situ?” Qin Yu suddenly asks with a smile.

He is amused thinking about her. That Xun Feng of Su Yan City has unexpectedly been chasing her with sincerity and perseverance. Situ Xue has naturally been annoyed by this, but Qin Yu helped him so she promised not to take his life.

Because of Situ Xue, Xun Feng has been bustling about for the past 10 years, but ...

If he is like a deliberate fallen flower, then she is like a passionless running stream. She feels weird and uncomfortable because a man pursues her, but she is an early Kongming stage Xiumoist after all, how can she possibly accept a mortal’s feeling for her?

“Situ? She’s in the Wilderness.” Yi Da suddenly bites his lip, causing his blood to ooze out.

Azure Dragon frowns. Those who are familiar with Yi Da all know that, when bites his lip, he has made an important decision. Azure Dragon says smilingly at once: “That quiet deep cave is just a dangerous place, Yi Da, Reverend Yan Xu. Do you think you should fight over it like this?”

Yi Da suddenly says: “I’ve got something to tell everybody. The 9th jade sword is most likely in that cave. However, this cave is even much more dangerous than the places where the other 8 swords were kept.”

The 9 jade swords were originally kept in 9 different places. Every place is more dangerous than the previous one, and the 9th place is the most dangerous.

“How can you be sure?” Old Freak Three-Eyed says doubtfully. “Impossible ... you’re plotting something, right?”

Yi Da says with a cold laugh: “Three-Eyed, I’ve given you some face by telling you this info, but you even doubt me. Then you should just stay home. Situ Xue personally sent me this info. She discovered that this quiet deep cave had that familiar aura.”

Familiar aura?

Everybody knows what that familiar aura is.

Of course it is the aura of the immortal that left behind the Nine Swords Immortal Mansion, a place with a lot of treasures. Given Situ Xue’s status, naturally she has seen the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon’s black jade cases. In the past, Yi Da, Situ Xue and Jiao Jiu even joined forces to get rid of the Dust Removing Spells of those cases.

Immediately, everybody no longer has any doubts.

“Tomorrow my Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon’s men are going to set off for that quiet deep cave. As for whether any of you will go or not, I just don’t care.” The corners of Yi Da’s mouth curve up. A faint smile that is both grim and evil appears on his face.

“Go, of course I’ll go. If I don’t go take a look, I’ll be very disappointed. After all, I’ve put so much effort into this.” Azure Dragon is the first to say. On one side, Old Freak Three-Eyed also says: “Azure Dragon will go so I’ll certainly go. I must obtain this 9th jade sword.”

Reverend Yan Xu says smilingly: “My Penglai Immortal Region’s men found this cave first so I’ll surely go.”

“Since you will all go, my Nine Demons Hall will go as well. But ... you must not forget that this cave has already killed several thousand men of the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon and the Penglai Immortal Region each. It’s definitely not a nice place.” Di Long folds his arms before his chest and says with a smile.

Qin Yu stands up, turns around and starts to leave.

“Everybody, tomorrow my Stellar Tower will go with you. But ... don’t forget that mysterious city. Why did it want all Xiuyaoists to gather around the city?” When he finishes talking, he has already left.

Hou Fei, carrying his black stick on his shoulder, and Hei Yu follow Qin Yu to also leave.

End of b8c13.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8 14
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C14: Danger zone

In a pitch-black space, a pair of blood-red eyes are the only things visible.

Suddenly, a small white area appears in this space. It is none other than that snowy cat.

In an instant, the snowy cat transforms into a cat-headed woman, looking like a catwoman. She is now wearing snow-white tight-fitting clothes, revealing the extremely sexy curves of her body. This snowy cat is also a divine beast, a top-class being among demonic beasts. The snowy cat says very respectfully: “Overlord.”

That pair of blood-red eyes looks at her: “Xiao Xue, Dragon Rocky’s and Hong Luan’s 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulations will come soon, won’t they?”

“Overlord, Hong Luan’s 6-in-9 Heavenly Tribulation will come 3 months later, but Dragon Rocky is still unable to sense his tribulation.” The snowy cat says respectfully.

“Have you dealt with the Azure Dragon Palace’s forces completely?”

The snowy cat gives a smile. Her golden pupils flash with a tinge of blood-red: “Overlord, all of them have been dealt with. No one was spared.”

“Very well ...”

The blood-red eyes suddenly shut, thus disappearing in this pitch-black space.

......

The Immense Wilderness is vast.

The high echelons of the 6 powers are going forwards into the Wilderness extremely fast together. At the same time, the leaders order the forces near that quiet deep cave to gather at the entrance of the cave. These several tens individuals are the top figures of the 6 powers so naturally their speeds are extremely fast.

Hou Fei’s black stick has been resized and now it is as thick as a tree. Sitting on the black stick, Hou Fei says laughingly to Qin Yu: “Big brother, you’re really formidable. This time sis Li’er also wanted to go to broaden her horizons but you were even able to persuade her to stay in the mansion.”

A faint smile appears on Qin Yu’s face.

This time everybody wants to go deep into the Wilderness to explore that quiet deep cave. When Li’er knew about this, she also wanted to follow Qin Yu to make an exploration of the cave. Qin Yu knows that she has magic powers, but her personal power is too weak and, moreover, this quiet deep cave is too dangerous so he tried every means to eventually succeed in dissuading her.

Therefore, the 3 masters are the only members of the Stellar Tower who left for that quiet deep cave this time.

“Monkey, big brother did so for sis Li’er’s benefit.” Hei Yu’s voice rises.

Hou Fei says while shaking his head: “How could I not know? But ... there’s absolutely no need for big brother to worry about sis Li’er’s safety. Uncle Lan cares about her the most so how can she possibly not have life-saving treasures?” Hou Fei is totally confident.

Qin Yu gives a smile.

He does not want to let Li’er take a risk under any circumstances.

In the Wilderness, mountain ranges and ravines are everywhere. And huge trees which are hundreds or thousands of zhang tall can also be seen. Various demonic beasts that are yet to reach the Jindan stage keep roaring wantonly. Everybody is piercing through the sky extremely fast, heading east straight.

After going for several days, Azure Dragon, Reverend Yan Xu, Qin Yu and the others finally arrive at the location of the quiet deep cave.

By now, the forces of the powers have already gathered here, except for the Stellar Tower’s and the Azure Dragon Palace’s forces. The Azure Dragon Palace’s forces are not here because they were already wiped out and the Stellar Tower’s forces are not here because they are staying in the outermost 100,000 li area. Given those common guards’ power, they simply cannot come here in time even if they want.

The forces from the Penglai Immortal Region, the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon, the Blue Water Mansion and the Nine Demons Hall all salute their respective leaders.

That quiet deep cave is in a valley in a continuous mountain range. It has an opening of 10-odd m in diameter and is fathomless. At the moment, that valley is full of standing people. The experts like Azure Dragon are standing beside the cave.

“This quiet deep cave really has the aura left by that immortal. Holy senses are totally useless here so we can only rely on our eyes.” Azure Dragon now no longer has any doubts. Before talking, he had already set up a restrictive spell around them to prevent the subordinates in the surroundings from hearing what they were going to say.

The others also nod.

They have certainly discovered the mysterious thing about this quiet deep cave and that familiar aura.

Reverend Yan Xu says loudly: “Everybody, this quiet deep cave seems very likely to be the place where the 9th jade sword is kept. Now we have to explore the cave to see how deep it is. Let’s discuss carefully whether we should explore it individually or explore it together.”

“Ha-ha, I don’t have an opinion. Now, except for Teng Shan, I’ve got no subordinates.” Azure Dragon laughs out loud and says.

Qin Yu also nods his head: “The 4 of you just discuss with each other. My Stellar Tower’s forces are still on the border of the Wilderness and simply can’t come here. I’m the same as Overlord Azure Dragon. You can decide how to carry out the exploration by yourselves.”

Reverend Yan Xu, Old Freak Three-Eyed, Di Long and Yi Da remain silent for a while.

“Let’s go down with 1000 men each and use them as a tool to learn more about the way as we go.” Yi Da says coldly.

The other 3 ponder a little bit then nod their heads.

They also know that those ordinary subordinates of theirs, who are mostly at the Jindan stage in power, will have very little hope of surviving in this keeping place of the 9th jade sword.

“All right, as this is the case, let’s gather your forces, everybody. We’ll start entering this quiet deep cave one hour later.” Azure Dragon says immediately. The others also agree with him. Qin Yu, however, gives that cave a look.

It is pitch-black and bottomless.

Nobody knows what there are inside.

An hour later, the other 4 powers fly into the cave successively bringing along 1000 ordinary Xiuzhenists apiece. But Qin Yu and Azure Dragon go into the cave with just a few experts. The cores of the 6 superpowers go in the center of the group, led and followed by ordinary Xiuzhenists.

“This quiet deep cave is unusually dark.” Azure Dragon says with a cold humph. “Even with my vision, I can only see as far as several tens meters down.”

Qin Yu says with a smile: “You’re already really formidable, Overlord Azure Dragon. I can only see as far as 10 something meters. Perhaps those ordinary Xiuzhenists can only see a couple of meters ahead of them. Their hearts must pound with fear as they fly.”

“Big brother, I can see as far as 1000 m.” Hou Fei’s voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind through holy sense communication.

Qin Yu is surprised then happy inwardly at once. It is certainly great that Hou Fei is capable of such a thing in this pitch-black place.

Hu hu ~~~

Suddenly, everybody falls silent because they can hear those strange noises, which sound like wind noises and come from the depths of the cave. Their vigilance is increased to the max in the blink of an eye.

There is wind deep under the ground?

“It’s dangerous, big brother. Frighteningly cold air is rushing up from deep under the ground.” Hou Fei’s voice rises in Qin Yu’s mind.

“Be careful, there is cold air deep under the ground.” Old Freak Three-Eyed’s voice also rises urgently. His 3rd eye has been open all along, shooting various indistinct green beams of light towards the depths of the ground.

Qin Yu can feel the expansion of the cold air clearly. Even though it has not reached his body, he already feels a tingling sensation on his skin. Wherever the cold air passes, any Xiuzhenists coming into contact with it are frozen to death without even being able to utter an anguished cry.

In the 10-odd m range that Qin Yu can see, various Xiuzhenists are turned into ice sculptures and die. When the cold air is getting close to Qin Yu and the other experts, Azure Dragon reaches out a hand.

A green light then forms a barrier in front of everybody. Even though the cold air is strong, it cannot break through Azure Dragon’s blockade.

“What the hell is this cold air? It’s so strong.” Reverend Huo Tian’s face has even become a little pale.

Azure Dragon says with a solemn expression: “Everybody, I think we’re in serious trouble.”

Qin Yu and the others look at him. The cold air has been blocked, has it not? Why did he say they were in serious trouble?

Azure Dragon thinks for a while then says with a sigh: “Let me tell you something, everybody. This quiet deep cave is different from what we thought it was. Compared to the other sword keeping places, which only had some slight trials, this cave can have trials much more difficult than you imagined.”

“What do you mean, Azure Dragon?” Old Freak Three-Eyed is somewhat impatient.

Azure Dragon glances at the others: “I’ll give all of you a warning. In the past, those slight dangers couldn’t harm us, but now it looks like some of us will probably die in here. You don’t have to ask me why.”

Qin Yu takes a look at Azure Dragon.

But he also knows that Azure Dragon is different from the others. As a member of the dragon clan, Azure Dragon knows many things ordinary people do not.

“Azure Dragon, when you’re not scared, why should I be scared? I’ll certainly keep going.” Old Freak Three-Eyed says smilingly.

Yi Da, however, says with a cold laugh: “Azure Dragon, you’re intentionally intimidating us, right? Humph, you want us to retreat so that you can get the 9th jade sword, don’t you?” His words are sharp like a knife, showing no respect for Azure Dragon.

Azure Dragon’s face turns cold: “Humph, then each to his own from now on. I won’t care even if all of you die.”

With a wave of his large sleeve, Azure Dragon surrounds himself and Teng Shan with that green light. Afterwards, the 2 of them keep rushing down. Obviously he has become extremely furious. Just now he really warned everybody with good intentions but the situation has somehow turned out this way.

“Let’s go, Fei Fei, Xiao Hei.” Qin Yu says with a smile. The 3 brothers then rush down closely after Azure Dragon.

They either use their protective energies to directly smash the bodies that have been turned into masses of ice by the cold air or just follow the passages Azure Dragon and Teng Shan have created through collision.

“Yi Da, what you said was a little excessive.” Reverend Yan Xu reproves Yi Da.

“Shut up, Yan Xu. Have you gone gaga? We all know Azure Dragon’s power. He’s just a bit stronger than us. I can tell that he knows something. But because he even dares to take Teng Shan to rush down, given our power, how could we still be afraid of rushing down?” Yi Da is not a fool.

In his opinion, Azure Dragon daring to go down means the danger level is still not life-threatening to him.

Reverend Yan Xu also understands after thinking about what he said a bit.

“Why are you still bullshitting here? Quickly go.” Old Freak Three-Eyed is the first to rush down, quickly chasing after Qin Yu and Azure Dragon. Reverend Yan Xu, Yi Da, Di Long and the others also rush down immediately. On the way, they collide with and shatter those masses of ice unceasingly.

......

“The bottom is 1000 m down. There’s a black pond at the bottom. By the side of the pond, there’s a horizontal opening. I’ve got a feeling that we can’t go into that pond.” Hou Fei tells Qin Yu through holy sense communication. His fiery eyes are really formidable.

Ahead of Qin Yu, enfolded in that green light, Azure Dragon and Teng Shan are flying extremely fast.

Their speed is too fast while Azure Dragon’s vision only has a range of several tens meters. When he discovers that black pond, he hurriedly turns and takes Teng Shan into that opening by its side, causing its surface to heave up and down for a short time in the process.

Although the surface of the pond heaves for such a short time, the green light, which moments ago was able to block the cold air, is depleted by more than 50%.

Qin Yu’s group of 3 turns and enters that opening very smoothly. Old Freak Three-Eyed naturally has noticed this scene.

“Ah.” Several painful cries are heard continuously.

Di Long is always on alert, but because he flies fairly fast and his vision’s range is too short, he still touches that black pond. The duration of contact was very short but his protective demonic elemental energy has been worn away and even his protective armor has been corroded partly.

Among the several experts, the one suffering the heaviest damage is unexpectedly Reverend Huo Tian. Because he was too rash, his left arm has been decayed, leaving him badly injured.

“Be careful a bit, everybody. Fly slowly. Don’t touch the black pond below in any case.” Reverend Yan Xu says loudly. Those ordinary Xiuzhenists behind him of course hear what he says clearly. Reverend Yan Xu and his group then also enter that opening.

Thanks to his warning and their slow flying speeds, the 2000 to 3000 Xiuzhenists at the rear do not suffer any injuries.

Azure Dragon and Teng Shan’s flying speed is not fast at all because their vision is insufficient. However, Qin Yu’s group can fly much faster than them because of Hou Fei’s vision. Before long, Qin Yu and his 2 sworn brothers have already caught up with Azure Dragon and Teng Shan.

“Brother Qin Yu, you’d best go beside me.” Azure Dragon says with a solemn expression.

Qin Yu says doubtfully: “What happened, Overlord Azure Dragon? Or in other words ... what have you discovered? Can you tell me a bit?” In fact, he also feels that Azure Dragon is not telling a lie.

Azure Dragon says with a shake of his head: “I don’t know either. Now it’s just a guess. But if you follow me, you’ll be in much less danger.”

“All right, then I’ll leave my little life in your protection, Overlord Azure Dragon. Please don’t let me down.” Qin Yu says jokingly. Hou Fei however grunts while Hei Yu says nothing and just stays beside Qin Yu quietly.

The 5 of them then fly side by side.

Behind them, the experts such as Old Freak Three-Eyed, Reverend Yan Xu, Di Long and Yi Da and the normal Xiuzhenists at the rear are also flying extremely fast.

“No good. Watch out above you!” Azure Dragon suddenly shouts.

Everybody looks up and is surprised to see a carving, a huge carving that is several thousand meters long, on the ceiling of this deep underground stone passage. Qin Yu’s face changes color greatly at once: “It’s a huge talisman!”

A black beam of light then goes through that several thousand meter long huge talisman.

The ceiling of this section of the stone passage is formed from continuous huge blocks of rock, each of which is 100 m long and extremely frighteningly heavy. Affected by that huge talisman, all of the seals and markings on every huge rock keep flashing with a black light.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ......

The 100 m long huge rocks unexpectedly fall down at the same time. Each of them smashes down with a weight of over a million jin, but weight is not the only weapon of the rocks. There is also the energy of those mysterious black seals. At the rear, there are several tens Xiuzhenists every 100 m. If they go all out, in theory, they should be able to support the weight of a huge rock for a while, however --

“Ah!” “Ah!” “Ah!” ......

Anguished cries are heard continuously at once. Various Xiuzhenists at the rear cannot resist and are immediately smashed to pieces. Their blood covers a large area of the ground. Qin Yu, Azure Dragon and the other experts also raise their hands to stop those falling huge rocks. However, as soon as Qin Yu touches a rock, his face changes color greatly.

End of b8c14.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8 15
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C15: Life-or-death passages

Each of these falling huge rocks is 100 m long and 6 to 7 m wide, but nobody knows how thick they are. Qin Yu estimates that they weight only several million jin, but the ordinary Xiuzhenists at the rear cannot put up any resistance even when several tens of them join forces.

Qin Yu slightly bends his legs and tries to prop the 100 m long huge rock above him up with his hands. An extremely large pressure immediately comes down through his arms from the rock. Qin Yu cannot help bending his legs somewhat more again.

Zi ~~

A deep noise rises at his feet as they sink into the flagstone under him on the ground.

Because the huge rocks forming the ceiling of this section of the stone passage fell down simultaneously, the weight of each of them threatens a different number of individuals under it. Qin Yu, Hou Fei, Hei Yu, Azure Dragon and Teng Shan are the 5 in the front so naturally they have to support a huge rock together.

The flagstones under them quickly give off sounds of their inability to withstand the rock’s weight. Their feet either shatter or sink into these flagstones.

“So heavy.” Hou Fei shouts in a strange voice. At the moment he is also trying to support the weight with his hands. Not saying a word, Xiao Hei tries to prop the huge rock up directly with his large wings. After joining forces, the 3 brothers eventually manage to support the weight of that huge rock.

Qin Yu cannot help feeling astonished. In the past, when he was still practicing external techniques and had not reached the Xiantian level yet, he already had more than 1000 jin of strength in one arm. At the peak of the Xiantian level, he could even lift a 10,000 jin huge rock. As for during the Nebula stage and the Meteor stage, not only did his physical power improve so much, the stellar energy inside his body was also extremely formidable.

Now Qin Yu alone can already lift several million jin. And Hou Fei’s strong point is strength. In terms of strength, he is even superior to Qin Yu. Xiao Hei’s strength is about the same as Qin Yu’s too. Even so, they have to join forces to support this huge rock. This just goes to show how heavy the rock is.

“Azure Dragon, why are you doing nothing?” Qin Yu rebukes angrily.

Now he and his 2 brothers have got into action but Azure Dragon is still doing nothing on one side other than staring attentively at the seals on the huge rock.

“There’s something odd about these seals!”

Azure Dragon talks to himself. Afterwards, he tells Qin Yu smilingly: “Not bad. All right, the 3 of you can take a rest.”

He then utters a cold shout. In an instant, his hands unexpectedly transform into 2 huge dragon claws while his arms thicken and dragon scales emerge from them. An extremely powerful force bursts forth from inside Azure Dragon’s body. It is so strong that it even causes the air to vibrate for a while.

As soon as Azure Dragon supports the rock with his arms, Qin Yu, Hou Fei and Hei Yu do not feel any pressure at all.

Surprisingly, he has single-handedly outdone the combined force of Qin Yu and the others 2.

Hou Fei’s eyes flash with a red light. He looks at Azure Dragon for a long time then says to Qin Yu via holy sense communication: “Big brother, just now, when the rock was falling down, Azure Dragon didn’t do anything in the beginning, could it be he wanted to let the rock smash us to death or injure us?”

Qin Yu falls silent for a while then says via his holy sense: “Don’t think too much.” He also takes a look at Azure Dragon.

However, blood has already formed a small stream on the flagged ground of this stone passage. It is the blood of various Xiuzhenists. When even Qin Yu and his 2 brothers had difficulty withstanding the huge pressure of a rock, how can several tens ordinary Jindan stage Xiuzhenists possibly take it?

By now, the anguished cries have already started to gradually stop.

Because every huge rock is 100 m long, the individuals under a rock naturally form a group.

Qin Yu and the 4 near him are a group. Behind them, Di Long, Di Jian, Di Xu, Old Freak Three-Eyed and Lou Ke happen to be under the same rock. Yi Da, Situ Xue and Jiao Jiu are being pressed on by another huge rock. Reverend Yan Xu, Reverend Huo Tian, Reverend Di Feng and the 10-odd Xiuzhenists closely behind them are supporting another huge rock together.

Except for these individuals, everyone has already died.

“Damn it, until when do we have to keep holding this rock up? Break for me!” The black stick in Hou Fei’s hand is suddenly swung at the huge rock. Of course, the stick is unquestionably powerful. How can normal huge rocks possibly withstand its might? In theory, it should shatter this huge rock where it hits.

However, when Hou Fei’s black stick smashes into the rock, those seals and markings flash again with a black light, which seems to be moving on the entire surface of the rock and withstands Hou Fei’s black stick attack easily, leaving the huge rock intact.

“Oh.” Hou Fei is astonished.

“Break!”

A shout is heard as Azure Dragon’s claws begin to shine dazzlingly. The claws then tear the black light of the seals apart. Afterwards, the huge rock is naturally smashed to countless chunks. Immediately, there is no longer a rock above the heads of Qin Yu and his group.

Qin Yu, Hou Fei and Hei Yu all look at Azure Dragon.

The attack of Hou Fei’s black stick failed to damage those black seals but Azure Dragon was able to mangle them. It is easy to see the gap between them. However ... Hou Fei has not transformed yet so his real power has not been used to the full.

Whizz!

The area right between Old Freak Three-Eyed’s eyebrows splits. His 3rd eye shoots out a green shaft of light, which hits some of those black seals squarely. Following this, everybody in his group easily shatters the huge rock above them.

A frightening energy sword suddenly rises from the surface of Reverend Yan Xu’s body. At the moment, it looks like he is enfolded in a huge sword. After a shout, the energy sword shoots straight at some black seals, which are shattered similarly.

Yi Da’s waist-length purple hair suddenly shoots straight up like needles.

Pouf!

The black light of the seals is pierced through by the long purple hair like a sheet of paper just like that.

After those huge blocks of rock have been destroyed, the whole passage brightens. The original pitch-black space unexpectedly disappears.

“The pitch-black just now should have been caused by those mysterious seals.” Azure Dragon says firmly. Now there are a great number of broken rocks on the ground of the passage, but this does not affect anybody in the slightest.

Qin Yu casts a look at 4 experts -- Early Kongming stage divine beast Azure Dragon, late Dongxu stage divine beast Old Freak Three-Eyed, who has a third eye, late Kongming stage Xiumoist Yi Da and late Kongming stage Xiuxianist Reverend Yan Xu.

Although Azure Dragon is the most powerful among them, the gaps between him and the other 3 are very small.

“So strong!”

Qin Yu says in his mind.

He knows very well that among the 6 major powers, the Stellar Tower is only a little bit superior to the Nine Demons Hall, because the other 4 powers are under the command of those 4 super experts. However ... if Uncle Lan is regarded as a member of the Stellar Tower, then it will become the supreme power.

......

The Stellar Tower has Qin Yu, Hou Fei and Hei Yu. The Azure Dragon Palace has Azure Dragon and Teng Shan. The Blue Water Mansion has Old Freak Three-Eyed and Lou Ke. The Nine Demons Hall has Di Long, Di Jian and Di Xu. The Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon has Yi Da, Situ Xue and Jiao Jiu. The Penglai Immortal Region has Reverend Yan Xu, Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng.

There are also the 10-odd Xiuzhenists who were lucky to survive behind the 3 reverends.

“I think we should cooperate. If we keep acting individually like this, who knows how many of us will die before seeing the 9th jade sword?” Reverend Yan Xu says smilingly.

Yi Da fiddles with his long hair and says with an evil smile: “Cooperate? Not bad if you’re sincere, but if you’re just pretending and going to use a sneak attack at a crucial moment ... ha-ha.” After several cold laughs, he says positively: “I’m used to protecting myself and not in the habit of putting my life in the hands of someone else.”

“I’m the same.” Old Freak Three-Eyed gives Reverend Yan Xu a disdainful look.

By contrast, Di Long says: “I don’t agree or disagree. If everybody agrees then I’ll also agree.” He is just beating around the bush. 2 experts have already voiced their objections so his words imply that he will not agree to cooperate.

Qin Yu says nothing about Reverend Yan Xu’s suggestion.

“Azure Dragon, let’s keep going forwards.” He tells Azure Dragon.

Taking a look at everyone behind, Azure Dragon says indifferently: “Be careful, everybody. I won’t care if any of you die. Just go back if you fear for your life.” After saying so, he keeps going forwards with Teng Shan.

Nobody retreats, not even those 10-odd ordinary Xiuzhenists.

It is not that they do not want to retreat, but that they do not dare to. The leaders of the 6 superpowers can retreat, but they cannot, because they are subordinates. If they retreated, it would be no different from abandoning their leaders in the face of danger and they would be given severe punishments.

This time, everybody is obviously very careful.

They keep going forwards while observing their surroundings attentively.

After going about several hundred li along this passage, everybody enters a special place -- a cave that can accommodate tens of thousands of people. In addition to the entrance, the cave has 9 exits, each of which is connected to a quiet, long passage whose the other end is nowhere in sight.

“9 passages, one is life, the others are death. You must choose, ha-ha ... if you want to obtain my treasures, you must have enough luck!”

There are words of the Qian Long continent on a wall of the cave. Each of them is giving off a terrifying aura. Those auras are so strong that they are far superior to the auras of divine beasts like Azure Dragon and Old Freak Three-Eyed. It can be said that ... they belong to a whole different level.

Everybody looks at that wall.

Pu!

Azure Dragon, Old Freak Three-Eyed, Yi Da and Reverend Yan Xu all go miserably pale in their faces and spit out a mouthful of blood.

However, Qin Yu and the other experts of his caliber only feel oppressed mentally. And the 10-odd common Xiuzhenists do not even feel anything. Azure Dragon and the other 3 immediately sit down with legs crossed to quietly get their breaths back. They no longer dare to look at that wall.

“Only one of the 9 passages is the way out.” Qin Yu frowns deeply.

In just a while, Azure Dragon and the other 3 stand up. Only they do not look at that wall again.

There is unexpectedly a hint of excitement in Yi Da’s eyes. Drops of blood are even oozing out from his lips. He says: “Ha-ha, I believe nobody doubts that the words on that wall were left behind by that immortal.”

“There’s certainly no doubt. The auras of those words alone can injure us. Judging from this, we can only say that these words were written by an immortal. However, if you look at those Jindan stage Xiuzhenists ...” Azure Dragon points at those Jindan stage Xiuzhenists.

Everybody looks at them and sees that they are not affected by looking at the words on the wall in the least.

If the words simply contained oppressive auras, those who are weak would naturally not be able to endure them.

“These words’ pressure injures those who are powerful. The weaker you are, the less you’re affected. Even I have never heard of this kind of wondrous technique. This immortal is at least a golden immortal. He can even be a legendary ...” Azure Dragon, however, does not finish his last sentence.

Obviously, that is a secret.

“What’s the point of talking so much nonsense, Azure Dragon? Now there are 9 passages, which one must we go into? The immortal already said that the other ways are death. Given our power, we’ll definitely die if we choose wrong.” Old Freak Three-Eyed says with an ice-cold expression.

Everybody’s heart sinks a little.

When someone who is at least a golden immortal said so, with their power, they certainly cannot miraculously defy him.

Therefore ... they must choose the passage of life to come out.

“There’s only 1 passage of life among the 9 passages. It’s too difficult to pick the right one. Compared to the 9th jade sword, life is even more important. I don’t want to waste my time here. 6th brother, don’t forget to follow us.” After saying so, Di Long and Di Xu turn around. Di Jian also follows Di Long, wanting to go back through the incoming passage.

“Coward.” Yi Da says with a cold laugh.

“Ah!”

Di Long suddenly cries in fear. His face changes color greatly. Di Jian and Di Xu also cry in fear.

The others immediately look at them. At the moment, the 3 Di brothers are looking at the incoming passage. Following the looks in their eyes, everybody looks at that passage. If they did not look, they would not become nervous. But as soon as they take a look, their faces change color greatly too.

At the moment, that passage’s opening is rotating nonstop like a black hole. A black light keeps spreading out from it and moving along that wall of the huge cave in all directions.

“No good.”

The experts like Azure Dragon, Reverend Yan Xu and Qin Yu all realize that the situation is bad. In just a moment, the black light unexpectedly spreads all over every wall of the cave, turning the entire cave into a black cave. The only things completely unaffected are those 9 passages.

When they look up, they see a line of words floating high up in the air -- “Either live or die!”

“Ha-ha ...” Yi Da suddenly turns his face upwards and bursts out laughing. “This immortal is really formidable. The words he left behind say we got to choose the only passage of life from 9 passages. Now we really got to choose. The incoming passage is already gone. There are only those 9 passages to choose from.”

“Weirdo.” Di Long gives Yi Da a cold look.

Most people will not react like Yi Da in this situation because they do not want to die. However, now the remaining Xiuzhenists must choose a passage because even the stone walls of the cave have been covered in that black light, a terrifying type of energy which frightens them.

They must choose!

Either live or die!

“You choose, big brother. I’ll go with you no matter which way it is. Kaka, I’m very confident of your luck.” Hou Fei says laughingly to Qin Yu. Hei Yu also looks at him. Qin Yu understands the meaning of that sharp look.

Both of his sworn brothers agree that he chooses!

Of the 9 passages, only one is the passage of life. The probability of picking it is too low.

But he must choose, because there is already no way to go back.

Qin Yu clenches his teeth and looks at those 9 passages.

End of b8c15.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 8 16
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B8C16: Holder of the 9th jade sword

“Which passage should I choose?” Qin Yu looks at each of those 9 passages carefully.

However, after looking at them, he discovers that these 9 passages are similarly bottomless. Only they bend in slightly different manners. In this situation, how can he possibly choose the right way? If Qin Yu were one man, alone, he would still feel pressured, but not too much.

However, now he is responsible for Hou Fei’s and Xiao Hei’s lives.

“There are basically no big differences between the 9 passages. That immortal told us to choose, but without even a hint, how are we supposed to choose? Choosing 1 from 9, the chance of death is too high.” Qin Yu’s calm heart gradually becomes agitated.

The more he looks, the angrier he gets: “What a shitty immortal. If he wants to give people the jade swords then just give. Why the hell did he create these 9 passages for them to choose? Also, there’s only 1 passage of life!” Beads of sweat ooze out on his forehead. His eyes also gradually redden a little.

Azure Dragon’s expression is solemn. Di Long is obviously very anxious. Old Freak Three-Eyed however has sat down with legs crossed. Reverend Yan Xu, Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng are discussing something.

“Oh my, why look so serious, Azure Dragon? Di Long, you’re so afraid of death that you’ve become this way. You’re really too weak. Reverend Yan Xu, could you already have an idea? Ha-ha ... quit thinking, Qin Yu, why don’t you just choose and go into a passage at random?” Yi Da says with evil laughter.

Qin Yu takes a cold look at him: “Why don’t you choose yourself?”

“Me?” Yi Da says while fiddling with his long purple hair. “Does this question still need asking? I’m going to wait until you’ve all chosen. After you’ve died one by one, I’ll know which way is the passage of life, won’t I?”

“Idiot.” Hou Fei says with strange laughter. “You’re an idiot, Yi Da. Don’t you see that these 9 passages are all winding and bottomless? How can you know if someone who has gone into one of them is dead or alive? Also, you don’t have everybody’s soul jade slip.”

“Yi Da, there aren’t many of us here, why do you think all 9 passages will be chosen?” Old Freak Three-Eyed opens his eyes and asks.

Yi Da, however, does not care about his question: “Three-Eyed, why are you sitting in meditation here at this moment?”

Old Freak Three-Eyed bursts into strange laughter: “There’s only 1 passage of life among the 9 passages. If I can’t ascertain which one it is, I definitely won’t choose. I’d rather practice quietly in this cave until my tribulation comes!”

Practice until his tribulation!

Qin Yu, Azure Dragon, Yi Da and the others all look at him in disbelief. Even Reverend Yan Xu, who is discussing, also stops talking and looks at him in disbelief.

He says with a cold laugh: “I don’t believe that the 9-from-9th Heaven Tribulation can’t destroy this place when it strikes down. If it can’t, that’ll be a good thing too, because I’ll be able to go through it easily.” His words leave everybody speechless.

What Old Freak Three-Eyed said is indeed a solution.

The thing is ... it requires the user to endure loneliness.

“Even if the 9-from-9th Heaven Tribulation can’t destroy this place, when I achieve ascension, I’ll ascend straight to another world from this world. This place surely won’t be able to stop me again.” A hint of haughtiness appears in the eyes of Old Freak Three-Eyed.

When one achieves ascension, they will go straight to another world no matter where they are in this world.

Almost everybody says nothing.

“You’re something, Three-Eyed.” Finding him both funny and annoying, Azure Dragon merely says these words.

Practicing alone in this cave all the time until the arrival of the 9-from-9th Heaven Tribulation, not many Xiuzhenists can endure this kind of loneliness.

“Throw stones to learn about the way.” Di Long says coldly, but his eyes glance at those 10-odd common Xiuzhenists who were lucky to survive.

Hearing what he says, everybody’s eyes brighten at once. Right, throw stones to learn about the way. The experts such as Teng Shan and Hou Fei will not agree to go check out the passages so now only those Jindan stage Xiuzhenists are usable.

“Please save me, Reverend.” Knowing that the situation is bad for them, those 10-odd Xiuzhenists immediately kneel down. These Xiuzhenists are all men of the Penglai Immortal Region.

However, Reverend Yan Xu frowns then makes a cut with a hand, separating them into 2 groups. He tells the newly-formed group of 9 with a sigh: “The 9 of you need to sacrifice yourself. First, create your own soul jade slips.”

“Reverend, please spare us, Reverend!”

These 9 Xiuzhenists are extremely terrified but the look in Reverend Yan Xu’s eyes turns grim.

Old Freak Three-Eyed gives them an ice-cold look and says: “The 9 of you listen up. On behalf of the Blue Water Mansion, I order you to quickly make your own soul jade slips and go into different passages. Otherwise ... not only will you all die, your schools will also be destroyed.”

The 9 people’s faces change color greatly.

The Xiuxianists mobilized by the Penglai Immortal Region all live near the Qian Long continent and are not the Penglai Immortal Region’s core forces. These men all belong to small schools so Old Freak Three-Eyed really can destroy their schools.

“If we listen to the order, one of us can live. Otherwise, all of us will die. Good luck, my fellow Xiuxianists.”

A middle-aged man among the 9 kneeling people suddenly stands up and looks at Reverend Yan Xu, Old Freak Three-Eyed and the others. His eyes are full of hatred. Afterwards, a chunk of jade appears in his hand. He creates a soul jade slip for himself very quickly.

The other 8 people also stand up in a while. Having resigned themselves to death too, they make their own soul jade slips.

The leading middle-aged man collects the 9 people’s soul jade slips then hands them over to Reverend Yan Xu. He stares at Reverend Yan Xu, saying seriously: “Reverend, please take them.” Reverend Yan Xu receives them with an expressionless face.

“Good luck, everybody. I’ll be the first to go.” The leading middle-aged man walks straight into an outermost passage.

“Good luck, everybody.” Another man walks into the 2nd passage.

...

One after another, those men step into the passages. Reverend Yan Xu then puts the 9 soul jade slips on the ground in correct order with each jade slip corresponding to the direction in which its owner has entered a passage. Now those 9 people have already gone into the passages while these 9 jade slips are lying steadily on the ground.

Azure Dragon, Reverend Yan Xu, Qin Yu and the others all look at those 9 jade slips. Those 9 people have already disappeared in those deep passages so everybody can only observe their soul jade slips to conclude whether they are dead or alive.

Bang!

The 2nd soul jade slip shatters ...

Soon afterwards, the 3rd soul jade slip also shatters, then the 4th one, the 5th one ...

In just a while, the 2nd to the 9th soul jade slips have shattered. Everybody looks at the 1st jade slip with glittering eyes.

“It seems the 1st passage is the passage of life.” Di Long says smilingly. “Why haven’t you started yet, everybody? Could it be you want to let that Jindan stage Xiuzhenist go off with the 9th jade sword?” After saying so, he goes straight towards the 1st passage. Di Jian and Di Xu immediately follow him.

Bang!

At the moment, the only undamaged jade slip, the 1st jade slip, also ... shatters!

The 3 Di brothers stop completely in the blink of an eye as if their acupoints have been hit. They then look back in disbelief. That 1st soul jade slip has already shattered too. At this very moment, they are baffled. Azure Dragon, Old Freak Three-Eyed, Qin Yu and the others are also baffled.

“9 soul jade slips have all shattered. This means those 9 people have all died. What actually happened?” Di Long just cannot understand.

The immortal’s message says that there is one passage of life among the 9 passages so there should be a passage of life. But why have all 9 people died? After the 9 soul jade slips have shattered, everybody does not know what to do as before. Do they have to check the passages out again using other Xiuzhenists?

Silence.

The entire cave is frighteningly silent. Every expert is frowning.

“Kaka, all of you are idiots.” Hou Fei says with strange laughter. “Only 1 of the 9 passages is the passage of life so naturally that passage leads to the 9th jade sword. If we find out the location of the 9th jade sword, we’ll know which one it is, won’t we?”

Di Xu reproves him loudly: “If we knew the 9th jade sword’s location, why would we have to go to such trouble?”

“Idiot.” Hou Fei says disdainfully.

Qin Yu’s eyes brighten and look at Hou Fei in disbelief: “Fei Fei, you’re really smart.”

Now Azure Dragon, Yi Da and some others have also figured out the solution almost simultaneously. Azure Dragon laughs out loud and says: “Hou Fei is really smart, ha-ha ... that’s right, we only need to find out the 9th jade sword’s location. Reverend Yan Xu, last time you failed to find the 9th jade word with that secret method of yours, but let’s try it again this time.”

Qin Yu, Yi Da, Situ Xue and the others all look at Reverend Yan Xu.

Reverend Yan Xu is startled then bursts out laughing: “I’m really old already. This method is not bad. Last time the 8 jade swords unexpectedly split up for no reason after entering the Wilderness. Some problem must have occurred. This time I’ll try it again, maybe it’ll succeed.”

After saying so, he sits in midair with legs crossed.

The holders of the jade swords present throw their respective swords to him one after another. Now nobody hesitates because Reverend Yan Xu’s method is not only related to the 9th jade sword, it is even related to everyone’s life. Who would dare to fool around at this moment?

Reverend Yan Xu begins to execute that secret method again.

The 8 jade swords shoot out various beams of light, which connect them with his body. With a solemn expression, he makes many hand signs ... Second after second, minute after minute. When a long time has passed, sweat even appears on his eyebrows.

“Everybody, it’s successful.” Reverend Yan Xu suddenly breathes out and says.

The 8 jade swords then fly side by side straight towards ... the 1st passage!

“The 1st passage?” Qin Yu is shocked.

The 3 Di brothers are also shocked, as is everyone else at the scene. Some time ago the soul jade slip corresponding to the 1st passage shattered, causing everybody to lose hope. But now these jade swords are automatically flying in that passage’s direction.

“If the 1st passage is the way out, why did the man entering it die?” Di Long asks instantly.

“There’s only 1 passage of life among the 9 passages. If you don’t choose this one, which one will you choose?” Yi Da says with a cold laugh then takes the lead in flying into the 1st passage. At the same time, the flying jade swords are taken back by their owners.

Qin Yu, his 2 sworn brothers, Azure Dragon and Teng Shan quickly enter the 1st passage after Yi Da.

Reverend Yan Xu, Old Freak Three-Eyed and some others follow them closely. Di Long and his 2 brothers eventually also have no choice but to go into this passage.

Nobody dares to relax. Even though the 8 jade swords pointed to this passage, everybody is still very careful. After all, that Xiuzhenist who entered this passage before them died so it is still dangerous.

But nobody knows how dangerous it is.

“Be careful, big brother.” Hou Fei is looking around with his fiery eyes, appearing very vigilant. Qin Yu nods. He is very vigilant at the moment too. Xiao Hei is going alongside Qin Yu, his eagle eyes sweeping the surroundings.

Holy senses are useless in this passage. A place constructed by an immortal is not something they can check out at will.

Yi Da is in the front. Azure Dragon, Teng Shan, Qin Yu and his 2 brothers are just a little behind. Reverend Yan Xu, Di Long, Old Freak Three-Eyed and the others are at the rear. These top figures of the overseas Xiuzhen world now are all very careful.

After some time, it seems everyone guessed wrong because by now they have yet to see any traces.

“Why haven’t we seen the corpse of that Xiuzhenist?” Qin Yu frowns deeply. That man died, but there should be a corpse here. Why, after going forwards for such a long time, has nobody seen his corpse? This is really strange.

However, at this moment --

Hu hu ~~~

From the other end of the passage, a current of a dark red liquid rushes towards them extremely fast like tidewater, filling the entire passage. To be exact, it is a liquid akin to lava. There are even flames on the surface of this current of the liquid.

“Deep-ground lava, be careful!”

Old Freak Three-Eyed’s voice resounds through the passage. In an instant, the current enfolds everybody like tidewater. The few Jindan stage Xiuzhenists who were lucky not to be used as guinea pigs are burnt to ashes even before coming into contact with the lava.

Among the remaining experts, Xiao Hei has the easiest time.

In the lava, he does not even have to use his protective demonic elemental energy and only relies on his black feathers, which can rival high-grade holy weapons. Under the protection of the feathers, Xiao Hei is not harmed by the deep-ground lava at all. Among the others, Di Xu and the 4 human experts consisting of Situ Xue, Jiao Jiu, Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng have a little difficulty dealing with the lava.

Qin Yu and the rest protect their bodies with their energies and withstand the lava easily. Qin Yu and the Xiuyaoists such as Azure Dragon, Teng Shan and Old Freak Three-Eyed have extremely strong bodies so even though their protective energies only neutralize more than half of the lava’s power, they do not mind its residual power.

The Xiuxianists and Xiumoists have weak bodies but in the end all of them survive.

“A bit faster, everybody.” Azure Dragon shouts then becomes the first to rush extremely fast towards the other end of the passage. Qin Yu, his brothers and everyone else quickly follow him. In just a while, they go through the other end of the passage.

There are unexpectedly no other attacks following the deep-ground lava.

After getting out of the passage, everybody sees a luxurious hall which is even much more luxurious and lager than the audience hall of an imperial palace. The shocking thing is that -- at the moment, there are 2 huge divine beasts on the lower part of this hall.

The one on the left has a dark red, 100 m long body. Its neck has 6 thick sharp spines and its head has a golden single horn. The surface of its entire body looks like various rocks and has a stronger defense than even a divine dragon’s. This is a Dragon Rocky lion.

The one on the right is a huge, several tens meter tall, two-winged bird. Flames are moving around every place on its body. It has a distinct air of grandeur. This is none other than a Hong Luan.

A black-robed man is sitting on the higher part of the hall. A snowy kitten is lying on his thighs. At the moment, this man is playing with a jade sword with his head lowered. Suddenly he raises his head and looks smilingly at everybody who has just rushed out from the passage to come into the hall.

Now the 10 something experts such as Azure Dragon, Qin Yu and Old Freak Three-Eyed are watching the scene before their eyes with shock -- 2 divine beasts, the snowy kitten, the black-robed man and that jade sword.

The black-robed man tells the shocked comers with a smile: “Ladies and gentlemen, allow me to introduce myself a bit. I am the holder of the 9th jade sword and also the ruler of the outermost 3 million li of the Wilderness -- Yan Mo!”

End of b8c16.

End of book 8.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Book 9 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Book 9: Nine Swords Immortal Mansion

B9C1: The Wilderness’s real power

There is a huge divine beast on either the left or right hand side of the luxurious vast hall. They are giving off their auras wantonly, but even so, the smiling black-robed man on the upper part of the hall makes everybody feel far more mentally oppressed than they do.

“Meow ~~” All of a sudden, the snowy cat on the thighs of the black-robed man meows gently.

Immediately, the Dragon Rocky lion and the Hong Luan suppress their auras completely. The Dragon Rocky lion now looks like a small mountain while the Hong Luan gradually absorbs the flames around it into its body. In contrast, the snowy cat glances at everybody with its golden eyes.

“Expert!”

Everyone’s face changes color greatly. Judging from this glance alone, they can tell that this snowy cat is absolutely an expert and, moreover, a super expert. The snowy cat swings its tail then shuts it eyes and lies quietly on the black-robed man’s thighs again.

“Yan Mo?” Azure Dragon looks at the black-robed man, his pupils contracting.

That black-robed man called Yan Mo says smilingly: “Ladies and gentlemen, please don’t stand on ceremony too much. I already knew about your recent movements in my Wilderness some time ago. Come, sit down first then we’ll slowly talk. There are many things I want to discuss with you about.”

At the moment, there is a line of stone chairs on both the left and right sides of the lower part of the hall.

With a cold humph, Old Freak Three-Eyed becomes the first to go the left line of chairs and take the first seat directly. Afterwards, Yi Da gently draws a breath and says smilingly: “Interesting, interesting, the whole thing is getting more and more interesting now.” As he is saying so, he sits down too.

The others also sit down one by one, except for Azure Dragon and Teng Shan, who keep standing.

Azure Dragon is staring at the black-robed man above him with a solemn expression. Teng Shan beside him is just following his lead. Suddenly, Azure Dragon says: “Yan Mo, why are you still using an illusion technique in front of us? Do you think it can fool us?”

A smile appears on the corners of the black-robed man’s mouth: “You’re right.”

He unexpectedly changes from a normal man into a dragon-headed man in an instant. This black-robed man turns out to be a dragon. He has not gone through the 9-from-9th Heaven Tribulation so naturally he cannot take a full human form.

In general, only those who are as strong as or stronger than the user of an illusion technique can see through it.

“I’m surprised you can see through my illusion technique.” Yan Mo looks at Azure Dragon curiously.

This Yan Mo’s head is that of a black dragon. His horns are even sharper and his air of lordliness is even stronger than Azure Dragon’s. He is none other than a black dragon. Even in the dragon clan, black dragons are a sub-species with extremely powerful offense.

Azure Dragon goes to the left line of chairs, takes a seat and says with an indifferent smile: “Your power level is very high so naturally I’m still unable to see through your illusions. But ... I can recognize that snowy cat’s true form. It should be a divine beast Zhe Chu, right?”

Qin Yu is amazed. Having read so many Xiuzhen books, he is certainly aware of the Zhe Chu’s famous name too. This Zhe Chu also has dragon blood like that Dragon Rocky lion, which is born to a dragon and a Fiery Rocky lion.

“So what if it is? You could discover my illusion technique using this alone?” Yan Mo says with a smile.

However, Azure Dragon says: “Dragon Rocky lion, Hong Luan and Zhe Chu are all divine beasts. Moreover, the Wilderness is a world of demonic beasts. If you were not a divine beast, even though you’re powerful, it would still be impossible for you to make these 3 divine beasts submit to you.”

Yan Mo praises with a nod: “That’s true. Divine beasts are haughty, even if other demonic beasts are powerful, they generally won’t submit to them, unless the gaps in power are extremely great.”

Azure Dragon continues: “Therefore, I figured out that you’re a divine beast. Plus, you said that you’re only the outermost ruler of the Wilderness so I thought ... you shouldn’t have overcome the 9-from-9th Heaven Tribulation. If even the outermost ruler had gone through this tribulation, I simply couldn’t imagine how powerful the experts of the inner parts are.”

“Smart. I haven’t undergone the 9-from-9th Heaven Tribulation indeed.”

“As a divine beast that hasn’t gone through the 9-from-9th Heaven Tribulation, you’re naturally a beast-headed man. So I concluded you’re using illusions.” Azure Dragon says firmly.

Pa! Pa!

Yan Mo claps smilingly. “Not bad, not bad. I never expected you to have such a good brain, Azure Dragon. All right, judging from your expressions and the looks in your eyes, all of you must have many questions. Feel free to ask me.”

After saying so, Yan Mo glances at everybody.

The black dragon head looks even more ferocious than Azure Dragon’s dragon head so even though Yan Mo’s mouth corners are curving up into a smile, everybody is still somewhat frightened by him. After all, a black dragon is a divine beast whose offense is even stronger than an azure dragon’s and this black dragon is at a higher power level than Azure Dragon ...

“In fact, my power level is not high. I’m only at the middle Kongming stage and still some distance away from the Dujie stage.” Yan Mo gently strokes the snowy cat with a hand and says smilingly.

The middle Kongming stage is still not high?

Qin Yu and the others are speechless for a while. As a middle Kongming-stage divine beast, this Yan Mo is exactly one level above Azure Dragon, who has only reached the early Kongming stage. Even so, the gap in power between them is not too great. If everybody joins forces, they can still subdue him with some certainty.

“Brother Yan Mo, I want to ask you a question.” Yi Da says with a smile.

Yam Mo says smilingly with a nod: “Please ask, brother Yi Da, the Purple-Haired Dungeon King of the Purple Flame Devilish Dungeon.”

Hearing these words, everybody’s heart gets a shock because this outermost ruler of the Wilderness, this mysterious Yan Mo, knows very well about the overseas Xiuzhen world. Despite having never met them before, now he can differentiate one of them from another easily.

The enemy knows about them clearly, but they know almost nothing about him.

Yi Da continues: “Brother Yan Mo, just now you said you’re the holder of the 9th jade sword. Could it be the jade sword in your hands? But how did you know about the Nine Swords Immortal Mansion business?”

Yi Da does not understand how Yan Mo knew about the Nine Swords Immortal Mansion because even though Yan Mo can collect information about the overseas Xiuzhen world, this matter is a secret only known about by the top echelons of the overseas Xiuzhen world.

Yan Mo says smilingly: “Speaking of this, it was really very dangerous. Several tens thousand li from here, there is my Black Dragon City. In the past, when I knew that all of you had come into the Wilderness, as the outermost ruler, I had to treat you politely so I ordered all the Xiuyaoists at the Jindan stage and above to gather in the area around Black Dragon City -- the Black Dragon domain.”

Only when everybody hears this do they suddenly understand.

It turns out they did not see any formidable demonic beasts because Yan Mo had already ordered these beasts to gather in the Black Dragon domain.

“Of course, there was a little misunderstanding later. Most recently, a group of troops entered the Black Dragon domain despite having been warned. Oh dear, my subordinate Dragon Rocky lion is a bit hot-tempered so he unexpectedly killed them all. Though they were wrong for not heeding the warning, massacring them like that was too bloodthirsty, wasn’t it?” Yan Mo says while looking at Azure Dragon.

“Overlord, I was rash.”

A deep voice resounds through the main hall. Everybody looks towards the source of the voice. It is none other than that Dragon Rocky lion, which is like a small mountain.

Azure Dragon says with an indifferent smile: “No need to blame Dragon Rocky too much, brother Yan Mo. My subordinates were indeed wrong in this matter. Though they were already killed, I’ve got no complaints about this.” He said so, but nobody really believes his words.

“Don’t change the subject.” Yi Da says frowningly.

Yan Mo says with a nod: “A long time ago, my forces discovered the peculiarity of this place. The entrance which you all went through, that quiet deep cave, do you think it’s unique?”

Everybody is startled.

Could it be that quiet deep cave is not the only one of its kind?

“It’s not. There are 8 caves in total. The entire keeping place of the 9th jade sword is built according to a very profound formation. In the past, I went in with my subordinates through another quiet deep cave and eventually reached a large cave. Facing a choice between 9 passages, I checked them out using my subordinates. Luckily one of the 9 subordinates I sent survived while the others died. After going through that passage of life, I eventually came to this place and obtained the 9th jade sword.”

Yan Mo points to towards everybody’s back smilingly: “Look behind you, everybody, there are exactly 8 passages of life.”

There are 8 quiet deep caves so naturally there are 8 large caves, 72 passages and 8 passages of life.

“Oh? Checking out the passages with your subordinates? 8 died, 1 survived?” Di Long says. “Brother Yan Mo, you said one of the subordinates sent by you survived. We also used the same method, but ... why did all of the people we sent into the 9 passages die?”

Yan Mo gives a broad smile, looking very amused.

“In theory, anyone who goes into a passage of life should survive, but that Xiuzhenist died because ... I killed him.” He answers.

Everybody’s expression freezes. Now they finally understand why the Xiuzhenists who entered the 9 passages all died -- Yan Mo killed the last of them. However ... Yan Mo was a bit excessive by doing so. Is this not the same as pushing everyone into a passage of death?

Had they not had a method of searching for the 9th jade sword, they would have had to randomly choose a passage to enter, which would definitely have killed most of them.

Old Freak Three-Eyed says with several cold laughs: “Yan Mo, you went a little overboard. What you did is no different from trying to kill us with the passages of death. Who could have thought you would dare to reveal it and even dare to meet us directly here? Could it be you aren’t afraid of us ganging up on you?”

Azure Dragon, Yi Da, Reverend Yan Xu and the others all look at Yan Mo, including a first-class expert like Hou Fei and those who are somewhat weaker than him such as Qin Yu, Hei Yu, Di Long, Di Jian, Situ Xue, Jiao Jiu, Reverend Huo Tian and Reverend Di Feng, who all have a Kongming-stage offense.

At this moment, everybody from the overseas Xiuzhen world is undoubtedly standing on the same side.

“Ha-ha ... you still want to fight?” Yan Mo turns his face upwards, laughing out loud with no fear. “That’s right. If you join forces, you really can be one up on me, but have you all gone bonkers? When I dare to sit here, how can I not have some methods of dealing with you?”

The pupils of everybody contract.

“Kaka, Yan Mo, I’m curious to know why you killed that man who had gone into the passage of life. If we really hadn’t known which passage it is and had died in a passage of death, our jade swords would’ve fallen down in a passage of death. As the holder of the 9th jade sword, could you have just watched the other swords in a passage of death doing nothing? Could you have given up searching for that Nine Swords Immortal Mansion?”

Hou Fei asks rhetorically and everybody else understands his meaning.

Obviously this Yan Mo should have a method for entering the passages of death safely.

Yan Mo’s eyes brighten and look at Hou Fei in admiration: “You’re really smart, monkey. Not bad ... When I obtained the 9th jade sword, I became the controller of this great formation so naturally all passages of life and of death are also under my control. No one else can go into a passage of death, but I can.”

“Control this great formation?”

Azure Dragon and the others all exchange a look, having a bad feeling.

Who knows how powerful this great formation actually is? After all, this mysterious formation was left behind by an immortal so it may have some special attacks. If Yan Mo assaults them with it, that will be bad for them.

“Humph.” Yan Mo utters a cold humph, his face suddenly changing color. “You all want to kill me to take my jade sword, right?”

Azure Dragon, Reverend Yan Xu, Qin Yu and the others frown. Yan Mo, who was still laughing moments ago, has now had a great change of attitude.

But he laughs again: “Ha-ha, I’m surprised you’re all scared stiff. To tell you the truth, this main hall is safe. Though I can control the formation, I can’t hurt you in this hall ... but would I be afraid of you?”

“Though you can gain the upper hand and badly injure me if you join forces, it should be easy for me to kill some of you then run away, right?” Yan Mo asks rhetorically.

Indeed, if a middle Kongming-stage divine beast risks heavy injury to kill some of them then flees, he will very likely succeed. If Yan Mo goes all out, he can even perish together with everybody.

Yan Mo says smilingly: “Don’t forget my status. I’m just the ruler of the Wilderness’s outermost area. You should know that in the Wilderness, besides the outer ruler, there are also the inner ruler and the central ruler!”

Now everybody all restrains themselves.

“The inner ruler is a Dacheng-stage divine beast.” Yan Mo’s words cause everybody’s face to change color greatly. The Dacheng stage? And a divine beast at that? This is a Xiuyaoist who is even more formidable than a level-1 or level-2 immortal and surpasses a 4th level or 5th tribulation loose immortal in power.

Yan Mo continues: “The center of the Wilderness is controlled mostly by loose demons. The central ruler is also the king of the entire Wilderness. According to legend ... he is a 12th tribulation loose demon. Too bad, that’s only a legend. Even with my status, I’ve only met the inner ruler once.”

Everybody’s eyes pop out of their head.

Qin Yu is also very frightened. There are loose immortals and loose devils in the Chaotic Astral Ocean, but who could have thought that the center of this Wilderness also had a large number of loose demons, and the most powerful of them, the central ruler, is even a 12th tribulation loose demon? This is a legend, but even if the center of the Wilderness does not have 12th tribulation or 11th tribulation loose demons, it must have 10th tribulation and 8th tribulation ones.

If the central Wilderness casually dispatches some loose demons, they will be able to kill everybody here like squashing an ant.

Yan Mo continues: “So you all better discuss with me in peace. We’ll find that Nine Swords Immortal Mansion together. If you go overboard, then I’ll have no choice. I treat others very well so I won’t attack you. I’ll only give this 9th jade sword and the jade slip in that black jade case to the inner ruler. I believe that Dacheng divine beast will be very happy to get them.”

Everybody’s face changes color greatly.

If they open the immortal mansion with Yan Mo, they can still haggle. But if the 9th jade sword is given to that inner ruler, a Dacheng stage divine beast, perhaps that super expert will kill everybody right away to take the other 8 jade swords instead of bargaining with them. Yan Mo is obviously threatening them.

“It’s well-known that I’m very hearty and friendly. Am I right, Xiao Xue?” Yan Mo says while stroking the snowy cat.

“Meow ~~” That snowy cat cries gently. Its voice resounds in the main hall unceasingly.

NOTE:

Zhe Chu is an animal made up by the author. It is not real.

Xiao Xue is the cat’s informal name, meaning ‘little snow’.

End of b9c1.