

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1 - 01 - Finally, freedom!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Long Qingyi, my only disciple, I need you to remember my teachings." An ancient voice echoed through a small hut.

The owner of that voice was sitting on a stone pedestal, his aged hands pressed the back of a young man.

"That bloodline will try to corrupt you, it will promise you the power to dominate all affinities and..." The old man paused, scratching his chin.

"All the beauties in the world..." He concluded, turning his flushed face away.

"But never fall prey to these temptations. Don’t give in to these seductive words." He put some more strength into his voice.

"I’ve abandoned the path of cultivation and so must you. I know it’s difficult, but you must sacrifice your future for the good of the world."

He continued, not noticing Qingyi’s expression darkening at every word.

"Keep your chastity intact and, when you are ready to leave this world, find a worthy disciple, willing to follow this path and prevent this profane bloodline from falling into the wrong hands."

"Yes, master, I will not let you down and I will not allow the world to be corrupted!" Qingyi spoke, his tone was pure and gentle, drawing a smile from the old man.

he had really found an admirable disciple.

Thinking for a brief moment, the old man shook his head.

He wanted to train Qingyi more, to allow his esteemed disciple to reach at least the foundation realm before forcing him to abandon everything, but time was running out.

On the verge of death, he needed to transfer his bloodline and constitution as soon as possible.

"Let’s begin. It will hurt a little, but you have to be strong." The old man said

"I will be strong, master!" Qingyi nodded.

In the next instant, the young mang felt the cold, wrinkled hands on his back warm up.

Suddenly, his cultivation of the sixth stage of the Qi refinement realm shattered and every cell in his body screamed in agony.

Qingyi tried to open his mouth, he wanted to scream and cry, but he couldn’t.

The Qi in the room exploded, the ground shook and his body levitated, all the old master’s power flowing into him.

"Stay conscious, don’t faint!" His master’s thunderous voice pulled him out of the pain and he clenched his teeth, resisting with all his strength.

Hours passed until the air around him calmed down and he collapsed on the floor.

"Crap..." Qingyi groaned as he stood up.

He soon noticed his clothes tightening around his body, almost tearing.

With a sigh, he looked outside the hut.

They had started the in the afternoon, but it was already dawn the next day.

Turning around, Qingyi came across the motionless body of his old master. His eyes were open, but empty, with no sign of breathing on his chest.

Hesitating briefly, Qingyi picked up a stick from the ground.

"Master... are you alive?" he poked the corpse with the stick, first in the chest and then in the face.

He pressed a little harder and felt his heart shudder as the old man’s body toppled backwards.

"He’s dead..." Qingyi covered his mouth, his face overcome with shock before bursting into uncontrollable laughter.

"Fucking finally! I’m free!" He roared, wiping away the tears that had built up in his eyes. Twelve years of suffering were finally over!

His life was worse than living on the streets or being an office worker on Earth, working like a slave and living under constant surveillance.

That damned old man even came close to castrating him just because he had looked at an senior sister a few moments too long!

Qingyi was only ten years old at the time! How on earth could that old man see malice in a child’s gaze at his gentle older sister?!

Just because his eyes were on those huge tits didn’t mean he was a pervert! Where else could he look?

Those behemoths were massive! Not even the best implants in his past life were as perfect as her natural breasts!

Qingyi had to spend months trying to prove to his master that he was a pure young man, not a perverted transmigrant from another world.

It was hard work, he suffered a lot, but it was worth every effort.

Standing up, he examined his reflection in a bronze mirror.

’God... I’m even more handsome than the master told me I would be!’ he exclaimed mentally.

He had grown more than twenty centimeters, reaching a height of one meter ninety. His eyes took on a sharp look, and his face, although undeniably masculine, displayed delicate features.

His dark eyes matched with the black hair that now reached his shoulders. Underneath his clothes, he found powerful sculpted muscles.

Qingyi wasn’t ugly before the bloodline transfer ritual, but now, he displayed a beauty that would dominate any woman’s heart with a single smile.

With a confident smile, Qingyi glanced between his pants, admiring the size of what he found.

"It’s almost doubled in size!" he thought in amazement.

Walking excitedly, he changed his clothes, putting on a pure white cloak, like his master’s.

He wanted to change that color, but all the clothes in that hut were like that, some nonsense that his master used to say: "pure men should only wear white."

Qingyi carefully collected everything he thought was useful and prepared to leave the hut.

Before leaving, however, he looked at the old man’s body.

The corpse was in a strange position, fallen from the platform where they were sitting, with its head pressed against the ground, its back on the platform and its bottom raised high.

"I should give him a proper burial..." he sighed before grabbing the body, trying to move it.

"Ugh... why is this bastard so heavy?" He complained after a few unsuccessful attempts.

He then felt the aged flesh give way under his fingers and quickly stepped back, disgusted.

Although his master had died just that night, his body appeared to have been decomposing for days.

With an expression of revulsion, Qingyi shook his head.

He had only made matters worse.

The old man was now completely on the floor, face down, his face sinking into the damp boards while his bent knees suggestively raised his bottom.

"Ugh... I think it’ll do..." Qingyi fought the nausea and simply picked up a blanket, throwing it over his master’s body as he looked away.

"This disciple thanks the master for all his teachings." He clenched his fists in a respectful gesture before leaving.

When he took a step out of the hut, Qingyi was greeted by two translucent screens carrying texts in a strange language, but which he seemed to be able to understand perfectly.

Observing them, he smiled. His suffering was finally over...

[Blood of the corruption dragon god identified in your body.]

[Do you wish to activate the lust system and begin your journey of conquest and corruption?]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2 - 02 - Mo Feixue (01)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a hot morning, and Qingyi walked along a narrow dirt track, surrounded by a lush forest.

His cultivation level had dropped two stages during the bloodline transfer ritual, but that didn’t bother him, his handsome face flashing a smile whenever he gazed at the screen in front of his eyes.

[Lust system accepted, starting integration process...]

[Integration process at 80%...]

[90%...]

[99%...]

[Integration process complete.]

Qingyi stopped his steps.

[Welcome to the Lust system, host. Do you wish to begin your path towards eternal glory?"]

"Yes!" he replied without hesitation.

[Name: Long Qingyi

Age: 18

Cultivation: Fourth stage of the Qi refinement realm (10 lust points to improve)

Affinities: Lightning: 30 - Sword: 10 - Charm: 1000 (can be upgraded in the lust store)

Spiritual roots: Fifth level lightning spiritual root (50 lust points to upgrade, new roots can be bought in the lust store).

Bloodline: Blood of the corruption dragon god (Common grade, 100 lust points to upgrade.)

Constitution: Body of the primordial dragon (Common grade, 100 lust points to improve)

Lust points: 100]

"My system..." Qingyi murmured as he passed his fingers across the translucent screen, feeling his skin tingle.

After all the suffering he had been through, after all the humiliation, he could finally have his reward.

’System...’ he called out in his mind, ’what are lust points?’

The next moment, a feminine, robotic voice echoed in his mind.

[Lust points are the system’s main currency. They can be used to cultivate and buy items in the lust store].

’Hm... how can I get them?’

[Lust points are obtained in various ways, such as obscene acts, corruption of pure women and by turning arrogant young masters into cuckolds. The amount of points earned varies according to the power, status and beauty of these women].

"Hm..." Qingyi thought for a moment.

It really was an incredible system. How on earth could his master refuse something so wonderful?

Was he an idiot?

As he pondered this, Qingyi remembered the virtuous and dense heroes of many books he had read on earth.

Yes, there really were such people, and his master was probably one of them.

"Good meat only falls into the lap of the vegetarian..." he sighed at length, but then broke into a smile.

That had been a blessing for him and now that the damned old man was dead, he was free to do whatever he wanted.

So, he continued his journey along the trail, a little aimlessly.

He was still thinking about his next steps when he noticed a carriage standing by the side of the path.

Its wheel was detached while a chubby man tried to fix it.

"Ah... Young taoist!" He shouted to Qingyi, waving his hands.

"Can you help me with this?" The chubby man asked, standing up with a grunt.

"Hm..." Qingyi hesitated briefly, but then nodded. There would be no harm in helping out a little, right?

"Thank you, young Taoist! I’m Mo Tianran, it’s a pleasure to meet you!" Mo Tianran smiled radiantly as he extended his hand to Qingyi.

"I’m Qingyi," Qingyi replied, shaking Tianran’s hand.

"What are you doing in this isolated place, Mu Tianran?" He looked around, sensing a presence inside the carriage, but unable to distinguish it clearly.

"Well... we’re from the Mo family of the Serene Moonlight City. I’m taking my little sister to meet her fiancé, a young master from the Yang family in Golden Cloud City."

"Oh... I understand." Qingyi picked up the carriage wheel.

It was big and heavy, but strangely, it felt light in his hands.

"Golden Cloud City... isn’t that where the Ascending Dragon Sect is?" he asked, vaguely remembering that name.

If the amount of points he earned depended on a woman’s power and beauty, what better place to find powerful beauties than a Sect?

"Has young Taoist Qingyi ever been to Golden Cloud City?" Tianran raised his face in surprise.

"Not really, I’ve only heard my master mention it. He said that the Ascending Dragon Sect is the most powerful in the region."

"Oh... it’s a magnificent place," commented Tianran. "I hear the Sect is open for recruitment. Many young cultivators are rushing to join..."

Tianran paused for a moment, a proud smile lighting up his face: "Not to brag, but my little sister’s future husband is already an inner disciple there. He is already in the Foundation realm!"

"I see..." Qingyi smiled and together, they grabbed the carriage.

Tianran was a cultivator of the third stage of Qi refinement, so lifting the vehicle and putting the wheel back in place was no difficult task.

Just then, a sharp, angry roar sounded from inside the carriage and a little woman appeared.

"Tianran! I told you not to disturb my sleep - oh..." The moment she stepped out of the vehicle, the little woman who owned that voice screamed.

Her feet went straight through the step and she was thrown to the ground.

"Feixue’er!" Tianran roared, but had no time to act.

Luckily, Qingyi was already below her, arms outstretched to catch the little beauty.

"Mm~~" a muffled moan escaped the young girl’s delicate lips as she was wrapped in his arms, landing comfortably against his chest.

She was a youthful beauty, with long red hair, her skin was white, as pure white as jade, with a round, graceful face.

Her delicate body had few curves, her tight Qipao hugging every inch of her figure, falling between her thighs and revealing her white, pure skin.

High white stockings hugged her legs, ending at her thighs, squeezing the plump flesh into a fluffy mound.

"Are you okay?" asked Qingyi with a gentle smile on his handsome, masculine face.

His left hand sank into the young woman’s delicate thighs, the soft flesh, spilling out between his fingers, while his right rested on the pale, flat, mounds on her chest with a gentle squeeze.

[You touched a noble girl indecently in front of her older brother, +2 lust points.]

[Remember that lust points can be exchanged for cultivation levels and items in the lust store].

[Mo Feixue’s Corruption increased by 2 points, +1 lust points].

[Mo Feixue’s Lust increased by 10%].

[Name: Mo Feixue

Age: 19

Corruption: 2/100

Chastity: Intact

Lust: 10%

Talent: Low

Reward: Low

Cultivation: Second stage of the Qi refinement realm.

Traits: lustful, unfaithful, arrogant, elastic-throated, spoiled brat].

"Oh..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3 - 03 - Mo Feixue (02)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mo Feixue was sinking into Long Qingyi’s arms.

Her body trembled as she felt his touch, strong and strangely protective, her hands instinctively grabbed the young man’s robes, opening his cloak and revealing his broad, defined chest.

Her beautiful red eyes met his dark ones - piercing and magnetic, as if they were calling to her.

Her face flushed instantly.

"Feixue’er!" She was woken up by her brother’s voice and, with a cute little squeak, jumped out of Qingyi’s arms.

"Little sister, are you all right?" Tianran approached, grabbing her shoulders firmly.

"Ugh, I told you not to call me that!" Feixue raised her hand at Tianran, a loud slap echoing as he fell to the ground.

When her eyes met Qingyi’s again, she looked away and crossed her arms.

Qingyi examined her briefly, his eyes meeting her tight clothing, noting the patch of pale, perfect skin exposed on her thighs and waist before his gaze moved up to the young woman’s embarrassed, frowning face.

She was a small, slender woman, about one metre and fifty five tall, with little curves. He had to admit that she was one of the most adorable women he had ever seen.

"B-but little sister..." Tianran got up from the ground and practically crawled over to her. "How do you expect your big brother to protect you if the others don’t know I’m your big brother?"

The bright red mark from the slap covered his cheek, but he didn’t seem to care, his watery eyes were fixed on what he considered to be the most adorable creature in the world.

Qingyi couldn’t hold back a slight laugh when he saw that grown man, over thirty years old, talking to another grown woman as if she were a small child.

When he realized that they were both staring at him, he put his hands together before speaking: "I beg your pardon for my rather... impolite approach, young Miss Feixue."

He inclined his head, but received only an irritated grunt as she opened the carriage door.

"Ugh... whatever, just don’t disturb my beauty sleep anymore!" she closed the carriage door with a bang.

"I’m sorry about that, Qingyi. She’s a bit... complicated to deal with," explained Tianran.

"It’s okay." Qingyi shook his head.

He had dated someone with a similar temperament on earth and knew well the hell they could make of a man’s life.

’I even feel a little sorry for her future husband,’ Qingyi prepared to leave, but Mo Tianran’s voice stopped him.

"Wait, aren’t we going in the same direction? I can give you a ride to Golden Cloud City!"

"Hm..." Qingyi thought for a moment.

Visiting the Golden Cloud City wasn’t a bad idea.

There was no better place than big cities and important Sects to find beauties.

Besides, they were very close to the city - what would take hours on foot would take no more than forty minutes by carriage.

He nodded, and Tianran’s lips opened in a wide smile.

"Very well." Tianran opened the carriage door and looked at Feixue. "Little sister, can Qingyi come with us? It’ll be quick, I promise."

Hearing those words, the young redhead looked away.

Come with them? Did that mean she would be alone with Qingyi inside?

Her heart raced before she took a deep breath.

"All right, but if he dares to do anything funny, I’ll have Daddy castrate him," she hissed through her teeth, even though her eyes shone with anticipation as Qingyi approached.

"Thank you for your kindness, Lady Feixue," Qingyi said before getting into the carriage.

It was a closed and luxurious transport, with only one window in the entrance door, covered by a long silk veil.

As soon as he settled into the padded seat opposite Feixue, he noticed dozens of protection arrays and even noise suppression spells.

’They must be very rich...’ he concluded.

His master had taught him a little about arrays - not much, but enough to detect them instantly.

’But if they’re so wealthy... why do they travel without guards?’ he wondered, as his eyes fixed on Feixue’s small, delicate figure.

She kept her face turned away, seemingly staring into nothingness.

Occasionally, however, Qingyi would notice when her eyes subtly turned towards him before turning away again.

[Mo Feixue’s Lust increased by 5%].

[Mo Feixue’s Corruption increased by 2 points, +1 lust points].

’What? I didn’t even do anything!’ thought Qingyi, looking at that message before looking back at Feixue.

Her legs trembled slightly as she pressed them together, the blush on her face even more intense as her mind was lost in thoughts.

’Heavens... why can’t I marry him instead of that damned Yang?’ she lamented internally.

"Is everything all right, Miss Feixue? You seem anxious," he asked respectfully, making her shiver.

"Ah... I’m fine. It’s just that sitting all day in these tight things makes my legs a bit tense."

She laughed awkwardly as she saw Qingyi’s gaze travel down her exposed thighs.

"If you want a massage, my master taught me several massage techniques for relaxation." He forced a pure, gentle smile, as if he had no second thoughts.

Feixue froze when she heard those words.

A mixture of emotions took over her face - she seemed about to scold him, but when her eyes met his handsome face, she lost her nerve and looked away, embarrassed.

[Mo Feixue’s Corruption increased by 5 points, +1 lust points].

[Mo Feixue’s Lust increased by 15%].

"You can... if you want," she muttered, her mind buzzing as she raised her right leg towards Qingyi.

’Another golden opportunity!’ exulted the young man internally as he stretched out his hands to her small, delicate feet.

Carefully, he removed her pure white shoes. His fingers sank into the soft, silky skin as he caressed them.

[Tip: Your touch has aphrodisiac effects on women; injecting a little Qi increases the effect.]

Qingyi read that text and his smile widened even more as he set to work.

It was time to earn a fortune in lust points!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4 - 04 - Mo Feixue (03) R18
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[Mo Feixue’s lust increased by 10%].

[Mo Feixue’s Corruption increased by 5 points, +1 lust points].

"Nghhn~~" A long moan escaped Feixue’s lips as Long Qingyi’s strong fingers massaged her tiny delicate feet.

"I-I don’t think this is..." Her stuttering voice was cut off as his hands moved up, past her heels and into her soft calves.

[Mo Feixue’s lust increased by 10%].

Qingyi didn’t even pay attention to the system notifications, his eyes completely focused on Feixue as his hands explored her legs.

He slid his fingers along the shiny skin, massaging up to her knees before returning to her heels, occasionally releasing small strands of qi that ran along her sensitive skin.

He looked from Feixue’s legs to her face.

Her red eyes were clouded, and her hair was messy, framing her flushed face, a thin trickle of saliva ran her lips.

Gathering his courage, he finally reached feixue’s thighs and pulled her closer, her feet sank into his lap, an adorable little squeal escaping her lips as her fingertips touched a large, throbbing bulge.

[Mo Feixue’s lust increased by 10%].

"Haaah~" she moaned softly as he grabbed her thighs, right at the pile of plump, pale flesh squeezed by the tight socks.

"Q-qingyi... mmph~" She tried to form words, but failed, his fingers slowly pulling her stockings down , revealing the pale, slightly moist skin beneath.

Qingyi pulled her off the bench as he knelt down, keeping her standing in front of him.

His hungry eyes didn’t leave her for a single second as his hands roamed up and down her thighs, reaching higher than they should have, lifting the Qipao and grabbing her buttocks.

The two globes of pale, perfect flesh fit exactly into his hands, as if they had been sculpted especially for his touch.

"Ughn~" An intense moan escaped Feixue’s lips as Qingyi squeezed her buttocks tightly and brought his face close to her legs, planting a soft kiss in to the sweaty skin.

[You touched a noble girl indecently behind her older brother’s back, +3 lust points].

[Mo Feixue’s Lust increased by 10%].

[Mo Feixue’s Corruption increased by 5 points, +1 lust points].

"I want to fuck you," Qingyi declared, moving his lips away.

"W-what?" she stammered, her cheeks blushing intensely.

When she had first seen Qingyi on his white robes, Feixue had imagined a pure, orthodox cultivator, a white-horse hero above such worldly desires.

But there he was, grabbing her like a pleasure demon, his eyes filled with a desire and lust she had never seen in a man.

Without waiting for an answer, Qingyi lifted her tight dress and grabbed the edges of her panties, pulling them down, finally revealing her femininity.

"N-no..." Feixue exhaled, but she didn’t move to push him away, an uncontrollable heat spread through her lower abdomen.

Her pussy was puffy and plump, without a single body hair, the pale, fluffy mounds closed completely, hiding the pink interior on a deep cleft.

Her fluids flowed between her thighs, dripping onto the polished wooden floor, Qingyi admired her for a brief second before rising up, just enough for his face to be level with hers.

"I’m saying..." He interrupted his own sentence and moved his fingers to her pussy, sinking a single finger between the plump mountains of her moist vulva.

"W-we can’t-- Mmmhh~... Hnnng~" Feixue’s words evaporated like mist as Qingyi inserted a second finger.

The young woman’s body shuddered violently, almost collapsing under the invasive pleasure, forcing her to cling to his white robes to keep from falling.

"That I want to fuck you right now, minutes before you meet your new husband..." Qingyi concluded in a hoarse voice, bringing his face close to hers.

He took the girl’s trembling lips, plunging his tongue deep into her mouth.

[Mo Feixue’s Corruption increased by 25 points, +5 lust points].

[You touched a noble girl in an extremely indecent way behind her older brother’s back, critical hit! +10 lust points].

[Mo Feixue’s Lust increased by 30%].

[Mo Feixue’s lust reached 100%, +5 lust points].

Then he sat down on the bench and pulled her onto his lap, her pussy perfectly aligned with the powerful, throbbing mound beneath his pants.

"Nghn~~ Ahhh~~ W-we can’t do that..." She finally managed to articulate, but without offering any real resistance.

Feixue pressed her face against Qingyi’s firm chest, her whole body trembling as an unfamiliar, but delicious tingling took hold of her moist valley.

"And why not?" he asked in a deep voice, already unbuttoning his pants and releasing an eighteen-centimeter behemoth.

The pulsating cock struck Feixue’s groin with a wet slap.

Her eyes widened, How could it fit inside her?

"M-my wedding... it’ll be soon, they’ll find out-- Ahhh~... Mmmph~" she protested weakly, but still moved her hips towards Qingyi, crushing his member between her pussy and his belly.

Every twinge of pleasure in her swollen clit drew debauched moans from her quivering pink lips.

"Oh..." Qingyi remembered a wedding ritual of this world, his eyes shining with sudden understanding.

The bride wore a veil during the ceremony which, if she was pure, would turn golden. If she was impure, it would turn blood red.

It was an infallible method for discovering relationships before marriage.

"But I don’t have to put my cock in your pussy to fuck you..." A mischievous smile illuminated his face as he flipped her onto her back and pushed her on the cold floor of the carriage.

He then slid his member into the tight space between her legs, squeezing it between her fat pussy and plump thighs.

"oh heavens~... Mmmm~" she whispered, his every move making her toes curl.

[Mo Feixue’s Corruption increased by 25 points, +5 lust points].

[You touched a noble girl in an extremely indecent way behind her older brother’s back, critical hit! +10 lust points].

"Now... why don’t we start the real fun?" he said, his hands clasped her delicate waist, pulling her against him, his fingers leaving temporary marks on her pale, soft skin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5 - 05 - Mo Feixue (04) R18
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ughn... aghn... ohnn..." muffled moans escaped Feixue’s lips as her ass slapped wetly against Qingyi’s waist.

"Do you like that?" he asked, his hands roaming over her delicate body, feeling her skin.

"Y-yes..." she gasped between broken moans.

The reddened glans of his pale member opened her pussy’s plump lips with each thrust, rubbing against the pink interior but never penetrating her.

"Nngh..." Her body shuddered.

"Cheating on your future husband... minutes before meeting him... is that your way of showing yourself to be a good wife?"

He teased, grabbing her small, swollen nipples, squeezing them between his fingers as he waited for her answer, feeling them stiffen even more under his firm touch.

"T-that..." she stammered, but all she managed to emit were incomprehensible moans.

"You’re a little slut, you know that?"

He slapped her ass hard and watched the shock waves spread through the soft flesh.

When she didn’t respond again, he sank his fingers into the fat, moist cleft of her pussy, lifting her body off the ground by its wet entrance.

Heat and humidity enveloped his fingers as he penetrated her, her body shuddering as she stood on her tiptoes.

Her knees went weak and her breathing became more and more erratic.

"Answer me!" he ordered, his voice more intense as he massaged her intimacy, feeling the inner walls squeeze his fingers.

"Y-yes... nghn~~" she finally gave in, stuttering between gasping words. "I-I’m a little slut- ughn~~"

Her body convulsed as Qingyi’s fingers sank even deeper into her throbbing pussy.

A moan that sounded more like a guttural scream escaped her lips as jets of her fluids gushed out, spreading across the carriage and Qingyi’s member, drenching him completely.

The hot liquid ran down her trembling thighs, forming a small puddle on the wooden floor.

"Good girl," he smiled, but gave her no respite, forcing her to her knees.

"Now clean up the mess you’ve made," he ordered, pressing his cock against her rosy lips.

To his surprise, she didn’t question or hesitate.

She obediently opened her mouth, her lips pressing against the swollen glans with a subtle kiss before sticking her tongue out, gently licking the tip.

Exchanging intense glances with him, she opened her mouth as wide as she could, her jaw aching as she took that colossus inside her.

The sight of her on her knees, her watery eyes fixed on his, was breathtaking.

"Fuck..." a grunt escaped Qingyi’s lips.

His cock seemed to be being crushed by her mouth, which was more like the one of a seasoned professional than the one from a noble, arrogant young woman.

Sensing his reaction, she finally felt in control and struggled to swallow even more of that length into her throat.

"Gluck... mmph..." Choking sounds escaped from her nose as she tried to breathe, but she didn’t give in.

Tears streamed down her flushed face as she struggled to accommodate him.

Painfully, Qingyi’s massive cock made room in her throat until her lips found the base, feeling every pulsating vein against her tongue.

"Ughn slurp~" She moaned, moving her head back and withdrawing his member from that hot interior.

Her lips were soaked with saliva, forming tenuous threads that still connected her to the swollen glans.

Hesitating for a moment, she grasped the hot, throbbing shaft with her small, delicate hands, which barely covered a fraction of its length.

She began to move her hands back and forth, using her own saliva that covered his entire member as lubricant.

With a gasp for air, she pressed her lips against the swollen glans while her tongue danced around the tip in quick, circular movements.

A muffled moan escaped Qingyi’s lips as she shuddered, clenching her fists and teeth tightly.

How could that little woman make him surrender? How could he be dominated like that?

His eyes filled with determination and he moved his hands to her head, but it was too late.

A guttural roar echoed through the carriage, almost overcoming the sound suppression formations.

Spurts of white, viscous liquid exploded from his member, straight down her throat.

"Mmphh... gluck... mmm..."

Feixue choked, her eyes rolled back and she was unable to breathe for a moment.

Her body trembled, but she didn’t surrender, holding his cock firmly in place while her neck pulsed rhythmically.

"Gulp... Gulp... Gulp..."

She swallowed every drop of cum before finally separating her lips from his member.

"All done~" Her voice sounded high and soft as she opened her mouth, sticking out her small, fluffy tongue and revealing a completely clean interior.

She hadn’t wasted a single drop, her lips now red and swollen from the effort.

Qingyi smiled contentedly, his chest still rising and falling in heavy breaths, but soon a knock at the front of the carriage followed by Tianran’s voice woke him up, making his heart almost leap out of his chest.

"Little sister! Young Daoist Qingyi! We’re almost there!"

Looking at Feixue, Qingyi thought for a moment, but she was quicker, picking up her luggage and starting to gather handkerchiefs with trembling hands.

"Go quickly, I’ll clean everything up!" she whispered as she wiped the tissues over her sweaty body and began to clean up the damp traces scattered around the carriage.

Qingyi turned his back and walked to the door, straightening his clothes and trying to compose his expression, but froze when he heard Feixue’s voice.

"If I decided to abandon everything and run away with you, would you accept me?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6 - 06 - is that girl crazy?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[Mo Feixue’s corruption increases tremendously, +10 lust points]

[Mo Feixue’s corruption reaches 100/100, new level of corruption reached. +10 lust points]

[You committed extremely indecent acts with a noblewoman behind her older brother’s back! Critical hit, +20 lust points].

[You fed a noblewoman your seed behind her older brother’s back! Critical hit, +20 lust points]

[Current lust points: 192]

A flurry of notifications reached Qingyi, but he ignored them, his eyes fixed on Feixue.

Him, run away with her? Was that girl out of her mind?

’No fucking way,’ he repeated in his mind as he examined her traits.

Lustful, unfaithful and a spoiled brat. He wasn’t insane enough to have a girl like that in his harem, not a chance in hell!

Of course, he couldn’t blame her entirely since he had used the system to win her over, but she still betrayed her future husband with frightening ease.

And not only did she not show a shred of regret, she actually seemed to feel even more pleasure when he mentioned her cheating.

Qingyi found her attractive, he wanted to fuck her until his balls were completely empty, but he wasn’t stupid.

Puting a woman like her in his harem would be like signing up to be a full-time cuckold!

Taking a deep breath, he forced back that pure, gentle expression he had learned to keep on his face while dealing with his master.

"I’m sorry, young Miss Feixue, but this one is just a poor cultivator without any support. I have no ability to provide you with a life worthy of your status."

He spoke humbly, and her face contorted in disbelief.

What on earth was that act?

Had he forgotten those degenerate words he’d whispered in her ear? Did he think he was deceiving her?

It was obvious that he was a depraved and arrogant man, not the pure and humble figure he pretended to be.

But in the end, she accepted reality.

In fact, she also knew that her best chance in life was to stay with the Yang family.

She would have endless riches and could sleep with as many men as she wanted, even meet Qingyi again for a quickie...

As long as her husband didn’t find out, of course. The punishments for infidelity were horrible and she was well aware of that.

But that didn’t worry her too much.

She would get her own residence and her husband would be too busy in the Sect to deal with her, so she could do as she pleased.

With nothing more to talk about, Qingyi got out of the carriage, closing it firmly behind her.

"Oh, Qingyi? Why did you leave? Did my little sister do something unpleasant to you?" asked Tianran.

’Well... the opposite would be more correct...’ Qingyi smiled pervertedly in his thoughts, but kept his face impassive.

"It’s no big deal, Brother Tianran. She just wanted some space to change and get ready to meet her future husband."

He smiled honestly, his white robes fluttering as a gentle wind caressed his body.

"Oh... I understand, woman stuff, hahaha," Tianran shook his head, before casting a deep glance at Qingyi.

"Thank you very much for accompanying us here, Long Qingyi. It’s really hard to find people as pure and honest as you... I was really afraid for my little sister’s life when I saw you, I’m glad you’re a good man."

Tianran spoke wistfully before settling into the driver’s seat of the carriage.

"Sit here, I’ll take you to the Yang family mansion. My uncle will give you a very good reward, I promise!" He gave Qingyi a seat, standing in the corner of the carriage seat, almost falling over.

"Thank you for your kind words, Brother Tianran. My master taught me to be a pure and controlled man." Qingyi smiled as he sat down next to Tianran.

Soon, they were moving again.

The Golden Cloud City loomed majestically into view, its walls stretching more than twenty meters high.

At its back, a great mountain with pavilions and palaces rose imposingly, its top hidden by a bed of clouds that glittered like fine gold.

"That’s Ascending Dragon Mountain. Although it’s technically a city in the Golden Sun Kingdom, the entire territory of the Golden Cloud City is controlled by the Sect. The whole mountain and every piece of land as far as the eye can see is their property,"

Tianran explained, noticing Qingyi’s curious look.

"I see... they must be quite powerful."

"Powerful is not enough. They have dozens of core disciples in the Golden Core Realm and dozens of elders in the Iron Body Realm. The Sect leader is said to be in the peak of the Burning Blood Realm!"

Tianran’s face lit up. "It’s not wrong to say that it’s the most powerful sect in the entire outer region of the Blue Moon Continent!"

His voice was filled with fanaticism as his eyes lit up, but he soon controlled himself.

"Of course, it’s not much compared to the cultivators of the Nine Peaks Basin in the central region. They say that even Iron Body Realm cultivators are like flies there."

Hearing those words, Qingyi exhaled heavily.

Nine Peaks Basin? Central region? His master had never mentioned anything like that.

What’s more, a place where even Iron Body cultivators were like flies?

That damned old man was only at the Foundation stage and was already a terrifying figure to him.

Shaking his head, he looked at the horizon.

They were only in the inferior Heaven, also known as the Mortal Heaven, the lowest of all heavens. He could only imagine how powerful the existences in those worlds above him were.

Would he ever be able to reach that level?

[The host is having unnecessary thoughts. The system is supreme even in the celestial heavens. As long as the host isn’t a degenerate man like the previous one, there won’t be a beauty, mortal, immortal or celestial who can resist him].

’Degenerate?’ He blinked at the system’s words.

His former master was a degenerate man?

The system was degenerate! His master was the purest man he had ever met!

He was a damned old man, of course, but Qingyi still respected him as a pure man with unshakeable ideas.

In the end, Qingyi just laughed bitterly.

In parts, the system was telling the truth.

He just had to not be an idiot and not end up killed by some random powerful cultivator. One day, he would sit on top of the world.

Gathering all his determination, he looked at the chubby man next to him: "Brother Tianran, I think I’ll want to join the Ascending Dragon Sect."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7 - 07 - Young Master Yang is truly kind...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What great news, young Taoist Qingyi! If you want, I can even put in a few good words about you to Young Master Yang. He can help you with the initial selection process!"

A big smile took over Tianran’s face, but Qingyi denied it with a firm gesture.

"You don’t need to worry about that. I plan to pass the tests on my own abilities."

"Ah... of course, a pure man like young Taoist Qingyi would never resort to such unworthy methods!"

Tianran shook his head, turning his attention to the road and slapping the horses’ bridles to speed up the march.

They soon arrived at the great gate of the Golden Cloud City.

The large central street that welcomed them was made of meticulously polished stone, wide enough to fit a hundred people side by side.

With a broad, enthusiastic gesture, Tianran began to introduce Qingyi to the city.

"That’s the Thousand Petals Pavilion over there. It’s the largest cultivation store in the entire outer region of the Blue Moon Continent! They buy and sell everything!"

He pointed towards a colossal building that stretched into the horizon, towering over ten stories high and dominating an entire city block all to itself.

Its roof tiles were a vibrant red, and its golden wooden structure reflected brightly in the rays of the morning sun.

"Looks expensive..." Qingyi muttered, observing the large stream of cultivators entering and leaving the majestic building.

Most seemed to be in the Foundation Realm, some so powerful that he couldn’t even sense their presence.

"It is! My father once came to buy a cultivation technique at an auction here and nearly bankrupted our family!" Tianran let out a nervous laugh and scratched his back awkwardly.

"Luckily, Young Master Yang was around and helped us out of that situation, hahaha."

"Speaking of him, we are almost at the Yang Family’s territory," Tianran turned his face, pointing to a large mansion rising imposingly in the distance.

In front of the residence stood an arrogant-looking young man, accompanied by a man whose aura was so deep and oppressive that just watching him was enough to make Qingyi shudder.

’At least in the Golden Core Realm... System, can I see his information?

[Negative, only women’s information can be observed].

’I see...’ he replied to the system, and soon an explosive voice charged with Foundation Realm aura snapped him out of his thoughts.

"Mo Tianran, you pig! I told you to be here at nine in the morning! Do you know what time it is? Where’s your uncle?"

Young Master Yang roared as he advanced a few steps.

He was a man with noble features, but his beauty was nowhere near Qingyi’s.

"Ah... I’m sorry, Brother Yang. It’s just that we were attacked by a spirit beast on the way. Uncle Wuchen stayed with the guards to defeat it while we fled..."

’So that’s why such a wealthy family traveled unescorted,’ Qingyi thought, but soon felt a crushing pressure fall on his body when Tianran pointed in his direction.

"The wheel of the carriage also ended up breaking in the middle of the road. Luckily, the young Taoist Long Qingyi was nearby and helped me put it back together and accompanied us here."

At that moment, Young Master Yang’s gaze fixed on Qingyi.

He hadn’t even noticed the other person next to Tianran, but now that he did, his heart was filled with jealousy.

Qingyi was stunning, even in another man’s eyesight, and that made Young Master Yang tremble instantly.

What on earth was a man like that doing traveling with his future wife? Was he trying to steal her away?

The Yang heir’s gaze quickly turned to pure fury.

"And you still allowed some commoner to walk around with my Feixue? An engaged woman! I should castrate him for that."

With a fluid movement, Young Master Yang drew his sword, taking a threatening step towards Qingyi, who immediately regretted not leaving as soon as they arrived in the city.

Why on earth had he accompanied Tianran here?

Tianran stepped between them, urgently trying to explain:

"Young Taoist Qingyi is a pure and good-hearted man, you-"

"Enough!" Mo Feixue’s cute, high-pitched voice interrupted Tianran as she gracefully stepped out of the carriage, her tight qipao replaced by a long, conservative dress.

Young Master Yang froze, watching her beauty with his mouth hanging open, almost drooling.

His Feixue was finally there and in a few days, she would be his alone!

"This Qingyi is just some commoner, husband. He doesn’t deserve your attention," Feixue declared, taking confident steps and throwing herself into Young Master Yang’s arms, sealing his lips in a passionate kiss.

Watching that scene, Qingyi felt his stomach turn.

Feixue had sucked his cock just a few minutes ago, and he was sure there was nothing to rinse her mouth with in that carriage.

Didn’t that mean that Young Master Yang had just indirectly kissed his...?

"Ugh..." Qingyi shuddered at that thought.

As he looked up, he saw Young Master Yang’s flaming eyes focused on him.

The nobleman’s expression was brimming with arrogance as he took Feixue’s lips.

It was almost as if he was trying to... provoke jealousy in Qingyi?!

’Brother, you’ve just indirectly kissed my cock, do you really think I’m jealous of you? You’re not even married and you’re already one of the biggest cuckolds I’ve ever met!’

The thought crossed Qingyi’s mind, but obviously, he didn’t have the courage to express it out loud, just lowering his head in submission.

"Husband... Qingyi helped us a lot to get here on time... don’t you think you should reward him properly?" Feixue pulled her lips away from her future husband’s and turned towards Qingyi, a complicit smile lighting up her beautiful face.

"Oh... of course, dear!"

Young Master Yang pulled out a small bag of coins and threw it towards Qingyi.

"Now get out of here before I change my mind," he declared as he wrapped his arms around Feixue’s waist and led her inside the mansion.

Qingyi just shook her head before examining the coin purse.

’Twenty gold coins!’ he exhaled as he counted. That was more than ten years’ wages for an ordinary peasant! Even his master barely had two gold coins on him.

’Young Master Yang seems arrogant, but he really is a kind man...’ Qingyi thought.

What kind of man would not only willingly kiss his wife’s mouth after she had just sucked another man’s cock, but also reward him for it?

Qingyi’s heart couldn’t compare to that of Young Master Yang.

He would never be able to stand as such a proud and generous cuckold...

Taking one last look at Young Master Yang retreating back, he put his fists together and made a respectful bow.

"Don’t worry, Young Master Yang. If you ever take another woman as your wife, I’ll pay her a visit too. That way they’ll all have my taste!" Qingyi murmured, just loud enough for his own ears to pick up.

Then he turned and started walking towards the city center.

He was sure of one thing: he would never, ever accept a woman who didn’t possess the faithful trait.

He could fuck other girls, sleep with them and extract all the lust points he could, but his wives, the ones who would truly receive his love and affection...

All of them, without exception, would have the faithful trait.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8 - 08 - A new victim appears
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With his pockets a little heavier, Qingyi walked through the wide streets of Golden Cloud City, his eyes studying every bit of the city with interest.

Only now did he realize its true size, a metropolis he hadn’t seen since his death on earth twelve years ago.

Primitive skyscrapers towered dozens of stories high, bearing the symbols of large corporations.

Street performers used their cultivation to entertain children, and merchants set up markets selling exotic crops, rare herbs and various foods.

Most of the passers-by were mortal, but the number of cultivators far exceeded that of the villages near the hut where he lived with his master.

Shaking his head, he began to look for taverns. Most were full, and it was only after walking several blocks that he spotted one with an empty table.

Without hesitation, he immediately went in and took the seat for himself.

"Welcome to the Crescent Moon Pavilion, young master. What can I do for you?"

A waitress approached, her black hair perfectly tied up in an elegant bun and her face covered in heavy make-up.

Qingyi barely paid any attention to her, concentrating on the menu on the table.

Her body was voluptuous, but he really didn’t want to choke on the kilograms of powder she wore on her face.

"I’ll have a lamb stew accompanied by Qi Refining Spiritual Tea."

"Certainly, your order will be ready soon," the waitress smiled, leaning towards him and showing off the cleft of her ample cleavage before leaving with a subtle sway of her hips.

Finally alone, Qingyi stretched and looked at his balance of lust points.

His fun with Feixue in the carriage had been quite profitable, bringing him up to 192 lust points.

’System,’ he called out mentally. ’Can’t I really cultivate normally?’

[Yes and no. The whole process of breaking through realms and stages in cultivation is totally controlled by the system and can only be achieved with lust points, but the host must still cultivate to learn to control this power and establish a solid foundation].

’So spending it all on advancement isn’t a good option...’ Qingyi muttered, well aware of the importance of establishing a powerful foundation before making progress.

This wasn’t usually a big problem in the Qi refinement realm, but when he reached the foundation realm, he would need to have a well-established base before taking the next step.

His master had once told him stories of cultivators from the Golden Core realm being defeated by ones from the Foundation realm.

The reason was always the same: lack of a solid base.

These defeated people cultivated with the most expensive materials, making one breakthrough after another, and when they reached the limit, they turned out to be much weaker than their peers, suffering from terrible Qi deviation problems.

Obviously, this was not something he wanted.

Qingyi wanted to be one of those protagonists who would defeat villains many realms above his own! Not some loser young master with paper cultivation.

Sighing heavily, he opened the lust store.

{Lust store}

Lust points: 192

<Cultivation resources>

<Cultivation/combat techniques>

<Weapons and armor>

<Recovery pills>

<Spiritual materials>

<Lust items>

<Spiritual roots>

<Talismans>

<Bloodlines and constitutions>

<Spiritual mansions>

<Miscellaneous>]

Just as his master had described, it really was an almost endless selection of items.

He went through all the categories, his eyes dimming with each price he looked at.

Apparently, his adventures with Feixue had paid off far less than he had initially thought...

"Ah..." Qingyi exhaled, looking at a spirit root on the screen.

[Item: Sword spirit root

Description: A sword spirit root paves the way to the Dao of the sword. The level and price of the spirit root is based on the current level of the user’s main spirit root, spirit roots with great affinities can merge.

Price: 100]

His fifth level lightning spirit root was only mediocre, it probably wouldn’t even be enough to be accepted into the Ascending Dragon Sect.

Of course, he could change that simply by paying fifty lust points to raise his spirit root to level six, which would put him above average.

That, together with returning his cultivation to the sixth stage of refinement, would probably be enough to be accepted without too much trouble.

But it still wasn’t ideal for him.

A lightning spirit root was good, undoubtedly one of the best elemental spirit roots, but he longed for more. And that sword spirit root was probably the best he could have.

Non-elemental spirit roots on their own were already extremely rare, but when combined with a elemental spirit roots, especially with huge affinities like the one between lightning and sword, their rarity and power exploded.

If he managed to have the two as a two-colored spirit root, or even better, if the two merged into a lightning sword spirit root, Qingyi’s power and talent would certainly skyrocket to unimaginable levels.

After reflecting for a moment, he just continued to wait for his food.

"Little brother..." A sweet, elegant voice sounded from behind him, a hand with long, delicate fingers resting on his shoulder.

"Can we sit here with you? It’s the only table with free seats..."

Turning around, Qingyi saw an attractive woman with tanned skin leaning towards him. Her huge breasts swung gently like full pendulums, heavy and soft.

Her ample cleavage showed off the pale skin untouched by the sun beneath the white dress that clung to every seductive curve of her body, down to a slim waist and culminating in wide hips.

The curve of her voluptuous bottom was visible as she leaned on the table, her plump, tanned thighs proudly displayed by vertical slits in her dress that revealed glimmers of silky bronze skin.

Her full lips, painted a vibrant red, flashed a charming smile, and her face, mature and attractive, framed deep brown eyes.

Upon noticing Qingyi’s face, her eyes widened and a slight blush took over her face, spreading gently across her cheekbones.

’Heavens... he’s hot...’

’God... she’s hot...’

[Name: Hua Feiyan

Age: 23

Corruption: 0

Chastity: Intact

Lust: 0%

Talent: Average

Reward: Average

Cultivation: Ninth stage of the IQ refinement realm.

Traits: Natural Alchemist, Seductive, Two-faced, Greedy, love pretty faces]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9 - 09 - Hua Feiyan
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Long Qingyi’s eyes studied Hua Feiyan, lingering longer than appropriate on her cleavage before turning to her companions.

One of them was a brutish man, over two meters tall, wearing golden pants and a large cloak that fell to his shoulders, unable to hide his corpulent figure.

He looked like a monk, with his eyes closed and his lips showing a gentle smile.

On the other side was a young man, wearing expensive clothes, even by noble standards.

His black hair was elegantly tied up, and his arrogant eyes didn’t leave Feiyan’s voluptuous figure.

"Let’s sit down. As long as I, Xu Tianming, am here, we don’t need anyone’s permission," declared the young man arrogantly, taking a seat opposite Qingyi, his gaze full of contempt.

’Ah... two arrogant masters in a row... what have I done to deserve this?" Qingyi sighed internally.

"Don’t be disrespectful, Young Master Tianming," Feiyan said, biting her lower lip and turning her gaze towards Qingyi, as if asking for permission.

"Don’t worry about it," Qingyi smiled.

Tianming pulled out a chair for her to sit next to him, but the voluptuous, tanned beauty didn’t even give him a second glance, settling down next to Qingyi.

"Thank you for pulling out the chair for me, Brother Tianming," The monk said, sitting next to the arrogant young master with a glowing face.

Tianming clicked his tongue disdainfully, but did nothing.

His eyes alternated between Qingyi and Feiyan, a flash of fury appearing as his body shook.

"I’m Hua Feiyan," she introduced herself as she moved evem closer to Qingyi.

She then pointed at the monk and the young master, "The young man is Xu Tianming and the monk is Ye Langtian. We’re sorry for disturbing you."

"I’m Long Qingyi. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Miss Hua Feiyan... It’s no trouble at all, please make yourselves at home." Qingyi spoke, his voice gentle and soft, while his handsome face displayed a warm smile.

Looking at Feiyan’s information on the system screen, he immediately realized that he had just found a gold mine.

Tianming seemed to be an annoying fly on her tail, but he could also increase Qingyi’s earnings even more, so it wasn’t all bad.

Smiling seductively, Feiyan called one of the waitresses over, making an order for the whole group before focusing her attention on Qingyi.

"So, Long Qingyi, what brings you here? Is it for the Ascending Dragon Sect’s annual disciple selection?"

She asked with a smile, pulling out her chair until her breasts brushed lightly against his arm.

"Well-"

"With his talent? I doubt he’s even qualified to clean the shoes of the Sect’s outer disciples!" Tianming interrupted him, slapping the table hard and smiling contemptuously.

His eyes didn’t miss the sight of Feiyan’s boobs pressed against Qingyi’s arm.

Qingyi hadn’t done anything, but Tianming already seemed to have established him as enemy number one.

In his mind, a single thought reigned: Who the hell did that pretty face in the white robes think he was to lust after his woman?

"Oh... then I believe that young master Tianming is extremely confident about becoming a disciple," replied Qingyi, ignoring the disrespect.

His eyes and lips never lost their kindness as he looked in Tianming direction, one of the greatest benefits he had gained after suffering so much at the hands of his master.

"confident ? I’m the twenty-seventh young master of the Xu family and I reached the seventh stage of the Qi Refining Realm before I was even twenty."

He paused for a moment.

"My older sister is an elder in the Sect and I’ll be an inner disciple at the very next selection next year!" Tianming declared loud and clear, his voice echoing through the Pavilion.

Several eyes briefly turned to them, but soon returned to their own affairs when they realized that it was only a dispute between the younger generation.

"Oh... so it’s young master Xu... I beg your pardon for being disrespectful. How could I not recognize someone so great?" replied Qingyi with unflappable calm.

Underneath his gentle voice, there was a subtle hint of mockery, but fortunately, Tianming wasn’t clever enough to notice.

’Xu Family...’ Qingyi repeated in his mind.

He knew that name, one of the most powerful and the largest lineage of sword cultivators in the region. Their patriarch was said to be just one step away from reaching the Burning Blood Realm.

Tianming was only the twenty-seventh son, probably of a concubine, so he wasn’t of much value to the family and his talent wasn’t that great, but it was better to be safe than sorry.

’Not the kind of enemy I want to have...’ He repeated to himself and soon his meal was delivered, capturing his attention.

The mutton soup was steaming in a large golden bowl, with pieces of meat glistening on the thick broth, as the spiritual tea exuded a sweet aroma.

Feiyan’s eyes lit up when she realized Qingyi’s order.

At first, she was only interested in the young man’s handsome face and powerful body, but seeing him casually order a meal that cost more than a gold coin, her opinion quickly changed.

"Oh... young master Qingyi must be very rich!"

With a seductive smile, she moved even closer, her large breasts now pressed firmly against his arm, enveloping it in a warm embrace that he was unable to reject.

Feixue was an attractive woman, but her flat body was no match for the voluptuous Feiyan.

Qingyi obviously wasn’t an idiot and had clearly noticed the "greedy and manipulative" trait in her status, but did it really matter?

What mattered to him were lust points, and playing around with her a bit to earn some lust points wouldn’t be a bad idea.

"If you can’t finish everything, remember that big sister Feiyan is always available..." The moment she said that, her voluptuous ass was almost horizontal on the chair as she pressed herself against his body.

And then, suddenly, her chair slid, and Feiyan let out a high-pitched, startled scream.

Her curvaceous body collapsed completely onto Qingyi, the weight of her enormous breasts pressing against the young man’s firm chest.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10 - time to start cultivating
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Qingyi noticed Feiyan’s act.

It was a bit obvious in reality - while "falling", her feet were still firmly on the ground, and even if they weren’t, it wouldn’t be difficult at all for a cultivator of the ninth stage of the Qi Refining Realm to recover from that.

But well... who was he to turn down an opportunity like that?

Moving quickly, he slid his right hand around her hips, up to her delicate waist and ended up on one of her voluptuous breasts.

He didn’t hold back, squeezing it eagerly.

Even though his hands were large an strong, even for most men, that mountain of flesh was still too big to fit completely in his palm, the soft, silky skin spilling through the gaps in his fingers as they sank into that sea of luscious flesh.

With his other hand, he leaned on the table so that he wouldn’t fall himself.

[You have indecently touched a woman of much higher cultivation than yours in front of a man who desires her, +15 lust points].

"Mhn~" A muffled, surprised moan escaped Feiyan’s lips.

She felt her body being taken over by Qingyi’s touch and her legs tightened slightly, an strange warmth running up her spine.

"You dare-" A loud voice echoed through the pavilion, but stopped soon after.

Tianming stood up abruptly, slammed his fist down on the table and left immediately, the sound of his furious footsteps echoing through the place.

Feiyan’s eyes twitched as she watched him go, thinking that she had gone too far with her provocation.

But even so, she couldn’t help moaning again when she felt the grip of the strong hand on her breast intensify even more.

"Y-young master Qingyi... your hands..." She spoke breathlessly, her chest rising and falling rapidly.

Qingyi’s eyes widened as he released her.

"Oh... I’m so sorry Miss Feiyan! I ended up acting on impulse and didn’t realize the position of my hands..." He said, his voice sounding innocent as he raised his hands.

"I-it’s okay..." She stood up awkwardly, adjusting her robes and looking worriedly at where Tianming had gone.

"I’ll talk to him... carry on without me."

Feiyan walked in trembling steps, biting her full lips.

She just wanted to tease Qingyi a little and cause jealousy in Tianming, who had reduced the gifts he usually gave her and wanted to accept her only as a concubine, not as a wife.

But it all seemed to have gone very wrong...

She couldn’t lose Tianming, he was her biggest source of income as an independent cultivator!

Watching the subtle sway of Feiyan’s hips and the waves that spread across her plump ass as she walked, Qingyi sighed heavily.

"What’s wrong with that woman?" he muttered, his eyes focusing on the monk who had stayed behind, Ye Langtian.

The monk didn’t even seem to realize what had just happened and his palms were firmly pressed together as he prayed.

"There’s no need to worry about these two, Qingyi, they’ve always been like this." Langtian finally opened his eyes, revealing a serene and distant look.

"One wants the body, the other wants the gold. Perhaps it’s fate." He shook his head as he sipped from a glass of water on the table.

"Yes... some people are made for each other," Qingyi sighed, taking a sip of the tea and feeling the Qi spreading through his body.

Of course, that wouldn’t happen, at least not completely.

Qingyi had already made up his mind to use Feiyan until he couldn’t extract any more lust points from her, but that would be for later, after they entered the Sect.

Suddenly, something came to his mind and he looked up, his curiosity aroused.

"He said that his older sister was an elder in the Sect... do you know anything about her?"

"Hm..." the monk thought for a moment, lightly stroking his thinning beard.

"Not much, but you shouldn’t worry about her. She exiled herself from the family after refusing a forced marriage. I doubt that she’s going to act for someone like Tianming."

"I see..." With nothing else to talk about, Qingyi focused on his meal.

It was one of the most delicious things he’d eaten in years, but he couldn’t help feeling uncomfortable as he looked at the notifications about Feiyan.

[Feiyan’s Lust increased by 1%]

[Feiyan’s lust increased by 3%]

Just one touch on the feet was enough to increase Feixue’s lust by 10%. Why on earth was Feiyan’s so slow?

After a few moments thinking, he just concluded that it was because of the difference in cultivation and continued eating.

He finished his meal, paid and then left, walking back through the wide streets of the Golden Cloud City, Langtian’s voice sounding behind him.

"Be careful at the Sect test, Tianming is an impulsive idiot and I won’t be there to stop him."

Qingyi stopped for a brief moment, thanking the monk before continuing walking.

His eyes focused on the mountain on the horizon, the great walls that surrounded it and the pavilions and palaces that stretched on endlessly, like a celestial city.

’It must be a nice place to live...’ he looked up at the top of the mountain, covered in a thick layer of golden clouds.

That was probably the place where elders and core disciples lived, with the Sect leader standing high above them all.

He could only imagine the view from that place before coming back to reality, focusing his vision on the Thousand Petal Pavilion, filled with cultivators coming and going.

"The Sect selection test will be tomorrow morning... I’d better get ready," Qingyi muttered before hastening his pace, arriving at one of the service desks that had no line.

"Good morning, young master, what can I do for you?" The attendant greeted him, arranging some documents on the table.

"I need a high-quality cultivation room for the Qi refinement realm, I’ll be using it until dawn."

"Oh... preparing for the Ascending Dragon Sect selection, huh?" The attendant flashed a bright smile as she wrote something on a piece of paper.

"It’s fifty silver coins for the night in a high-quality cultivation room for the Qi refining realm, the room is number 98 on the second floor." She spoke, handing Qingyi a card.

"Thank you..." He paid with a gold coin, taking his change and the card before going up to the second floor and stopping in front of the cultivation room door.

He pressed the card against the lock and, after a few moments, the heavy doors opened to reveal a large room with completely black walls, lit only by Qi crystals that glowed with a strange blue light.

He entered the room, the door closing with a solid thud behind him.

Suddenly, he was cut off from the outside world, the noisy corridors seemed to have disappeared and he was left in absolute silence.

’Good sound insulation...’ he sat down in the center of the room, feeling the Qi around him explode in density.

After a short moment, it was already twenty times denser than outside.

Crossing his legs, he closed his eyes. It was time to start cultivating.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11 - preparations
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"System, what are the chances of the lightning spirit root merging with the sword spirit root?" Qingyi asked, looking at the lust store.

[Normally, the chances are around 20%, but with the payment of an additional 15 lust points, it’s possible to increase this to around 90%. This chance increases even more if your cultivation is of a higher level].

’Hm...’ Qingyi thought for a moment.

He was at the sixth stage of the Qi Refinement Realm before receiving the system and falling two stages, so technically, he already had a good foundation and wouldn’t have much trouble advancing further.

"Ah... since I’m going to make these advances anyway." He clicked the increase cultivation button twice.

["Your cultivation has increased! Fourth stage of the Qi Refinement Realm -> Fifth stage of the Qi Refinement Realm, -10 lust points]

[Your cultivation has increased! Fifth stage of the Qi Refinement Realm -> Sixth stage of the Qi Refinement Realm, -12 lust points]

[Lust points: 185]

Feeling the energy take over his body, Qingyi exhaled heavily.

His muscles twitched slightly, an ache briefly appearing throughout his body before he was taken over by a refreshing sensation.

His Qi reserves had expanded to almost double what they were when he was just a cultivator of the sixth stage of Qi refinement with no bloodline.

"Amazing..." he stood up, moving his body around the dimly lit room, kicking and punching the air, feeling the Qi around him shudder.

He hadn’t noticed any great initial changes in his body upon receiving his master’s bloodline and constitution, mainly because he had fallen two cultivation stages.

But now, returning to his original cultivation, he felt the change immediately. His power was in no way inferior to that of someone at the seventh stage of the Qi Refinement Realm.

Calming himself, he sat back down, closing his eyes for a brief moment and circulating the energies inside him.

"I’m going to buy the spirit root now."

[You bought: sword spirit root, -115 lust points].

[Lust points: 70]

[Starting to integrate the sword root]

’That’s going to hurt, isn’t it?’ Qingyi braced himself, gritting his teeth.

[Yes, your meridians must be destroyed and rebuilt from scratch and your dantian will be partially redone].

"Oh shit..." Qingyi barely had time to speak before a deep pain ripped through his body.

His meridians collapsed, as if on fire. His eyes watered as he fell to the ground, feeling his dantian explode in power.

His body was rigid, spasming violently as the Qi around him exploded. Powerful lightning tore through the ground as new Qi entered his body, joining the blue lightning Qi.

If Qingyi was mentally capable of perceiving it, he would have noticed that this was sword Qi, a pure, deep silver.

This new Qi danced around the lightning Qi, and slowly they merged. Their double dance becoming solitary as the silver mixed with the deep blue.

And then, a single Qi remained - a blue dotted with silver threads and surrounded by tiny electric sparks.

After long minutes, Qingyi found himself lying on the ground.

His chest was heaving up and down, his body was drenched in sweat and his clothes were torn.

[You have successfully integrated the sword spirit root into your lightning root.]

[Fifth level lightning spirit root -> fifth level lightning sword spirit root].

[Your affinity with swords has increased by 50].

[Your affinity with lightning has increased by 30].

[Name: Long Qingyi

Age: 18

Cultivation: Sixth stage of the Qi Refinement Realm (14 lust points to improve)

Affinities: Lightning: 60 - Sword: 60 - Charm: 1000 (can be upgraded in the lust store)

Spiritual roots: Fifth level lightning sword root (100 lust points to upgrade, new roots can be bought in the lust store).

Bloodline: Blood of the corruption dragon god (Common grade, 100 lust points to upgrade.)

Constitution: Body of the primordial dragon (Common grade, 100 lust points to improve)

Lust points: 70]

"Ah... system, the cheapest recovery pill you have..."

[You bought: inferior Qi Refinement Realm restoration pill. -5 lust points].

Taking the pill, he swallowed it quickly, feeling his energy recover instantly.

"How long has it been?" he asked, sitting down cross-legged and starting to circulate his Qi.

The effect was immediate. He felt the density of his inner energy almost triple and the limit of Qi in his dantian increase by another fifty percent.

Not even a cultivator of the eighth stage of Qi refinement realm would be able to take him lightly now.

[About two hours and fifty-nine minutes.]

"I still have plenty of time..." He opened the system store while taking out his destroyed clothes and throwing them into a corner.

In the miscellaneous items, he bought a new robe.

He thought about buying a robe in a different color, perhaps a blue or black one, but after reflecting for a moment, he decided to stick with a pure white robe.

He hated wearing that color. It didn’t suit his nature, but it did suit the image he always liked to show other people.

The more people saw him as a pure, kind-hearted Taoist, the better.

Another five lust points were removed from his account as his new clothing fell into his hands, leaving only 60 points.

"What’s the best sword I can buy with 50 lust points?" Qingyi asked.

He also needed cultivation, combat and movement techniques, but for now, he controlled himself, his money was barely enough to buy one of the lower level techniques, and those simply weren’t worth it.

[Item: Thunderclouds Sword

Description: An ancient sword, forged with lightning and sword Qi. The quality is low and the materials are poor, but it’s still a great spiritual weapon for cultivators in the Qi Refinement Realm and even the Foundation Realm.

Grade: Common

Price: 50 lust points]

[I can offer a non-spiritual sword of a higher quality if the host doesn’t like it].

"That won’t be necessary, I’ll take that one." Qingyi smiled, immediately clicking buy, his fortune of over two hundred lust points being reduced to just ten.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12 - The selection of the Ascending Dragon Sect (01)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The air in the cultivation room trembled as sweat dripped incessantly down Long Qingyi’s bare chest, soaking his pants.

In his hands, a silver sword danced restlessly. Thunderous lightning surrounded it and the glow of the lightning sword’s Qi completely illuminated the room with every movement.

With each strike of the blade, small shockwaves swept through the air, scattering subtle electric rays that spread out like sparks, falling slowly.

Finally exhausted, Qingyi collapsed on his back, his breathing was heavy and irregular.

"System... how long?" he asked between gasps.

[This time, you lasted five minutes and thirty-nine seconds].

"Ah... that’s enough." A bitter smile appeared on his face. He was testing his new spiritual roots and the result was truly impressive.

What he was doing was called imbuing Qi, a technique that consisted of circulating energy not only through his body, but also through his weapons.

It was a simple and effective method, but with a huge energy cost, causing immense pressure on the meridians.

In the higher realms, this was no problem, but in the Qi Refinement Realm, it was rare for someone to be able to maintain this state for more than a few seconds before their meridians began to fatigue and suffer damage.

"What time is it?" Qingyi stood up with an exhausted grunt. He had trained enough, it was time to recover his Qi reserves.

[It’s 10:45 PM.]

"Right." Qingyi sheathed his sword as he sat down cross-legged.

Without further delay, he began to absorb the spiritual energy present in the room.

The night had been long and monotonous, but as soon as he immersed himself completely in the cultivation process, he lost all sense of time.

Only a loud knock on the large door of the room managed to snap him out of his trance.

Opening his eyes, he gathered his belongings, dressed quickly and opened the door.

"Good morning, young master, was your cultivation experience pleasant?" An attendant smiled warmly.

"It was... good." He returned the smile, taking a few silver coins from his pocket and offering them as a tip.

"Thank you very much for your preference, young cultivator," the attendant’s face lit up as she received the coins.

That amount represented more than three days of her salary!

"In case you’re in town for the Ascending Dragon Sect selection, I must remind you that it will start in approximately two hours." She spoke, her voice changing from a professional kindness to a real one.

Long Qingyi nodded and left the Thousand Petals Pavilion. Afterwards, he took a hot bath at a nearby inn and then enjoyed a hearty breakfast.

Feeling prepared, he set off in the direction of the imposing mountain that loomed on the horizon.

The streets were teeming with people, much more crowded than before, forcing him to squeeze through the crowd until he finally reached the Sect’s gates.

Internal disciples separated those taking part in the selection from those who just wanted to observe. Standing in the middle of the street, they projected their auras of the foundation realm onto the audience.

This was the first test - a test of will.

The candidates had to resist the spiritual pressure emanating from foundation stage cultivators and manage to get past them.

Many had already failed and dozens were lying in the streets as disciples dragged them out of the testing zone.

Some advanced with difficulty, dragging themselves along, while others passed without any problem, walking in large, relaxed strides.

Qingyi paused briefly, took a deep breath and stepped forward. Instantly, several powerful auras descended upon him.

But he remained unshaken. His face didn’t even twitch as he moved forward naturally, attracting impressed looks from everyone around him.

The inner disciples cleared the way, allowing him to pass through to the Sect entrance, where hundreds of candidates were already waiting.

"Oh... young master Qingyi!" A soft, seductive voice called out to him.

As he turned, he saw Feiyan running towards him, her voluptuous breasts almost escaping from her daring cleavage, boucing hypnotically with each hurried step.

Tianming followed right behind her. His face, initially smiling, contorted into a bitter frown when he noticed Qingyi’s presence.

But he didn’t say anything, just looked away disdainfully. He seemed to treat Qingyi like a mere insect that he would crush at the first opportunity.

"Good morning, Miss Feiyan." Qingyi smiled at her, feeling her sweet, mature fragrance envelop him.

"Oh... don’t call me Miss, you can call me Senior Sister Feiyan! We’ll soon be fellow disciples, right?" Feyian laughed lightly, her tone melodious and pleasant to hear.

"Oh... then I greet senior sister Feiyan!" Qingyi replied with a genuine laugh.

Feyian quickly wrapped her arm around his, pulling him close and pressing him against her voluptuous cleavage, her two bronze mountains of flesh shallowing his arm.

[Feiyan’s lust increased by 1%]

She felt a slight, strangely pleasant tremor run through her body as she touched Qingyi, but she kept her expression unchanged.

Qingyi could feel Tianming’s burning gaze on his back, like incandescent braziers, but he ignored it as he walked along with Feiyan.

"Has Junior Brother Qingyi just had a breakthrough?" She asked, also completely ignoring Tianming’s presence.

It was clear that she and the arrogant young master had had a rather serious conversation the night before.

"I can feel your Qi getting stronger... you seem to be only one step away from the seventh stage of Qi refinement." She turned her head.

"Yes... I ended up having a fortuitous encounter and making a lot of progress, hehehe." He smiled casually, scratching the back of his neck with his free hand.

"Oh... Junior Brother Qingyi is really impressive!" Her eyes shone brightly, but not in a pleasant way.

It was more like the hungry gaze of a snake that had just tracked down a helpless mouse.

She intensified her grip on his arm, wrapping him more tightly against her body, imprisoning him in a soft, warm sheet.

’That woman...’ Qingyi shook his head inwardly as he cast a quick glance at Tianming, who seemed about to explode.

His face was as red as a ripe tomato, his eyes completely filled with fury.

Honestly, it was a rather pathetic. Why on earth was a noble like Tianming so insistent on a plebeian woman who humiliated him like this?

[Feiyan’s lust increased by 1%]

’But I have to admit that she really knows how to play with a man’s heart.’ Qingyi repeated to himself as he felt the weight of her breasts, it was hard not to be conquered by that voluptuous body.

Shaking his head, he consulted her information screen.

’At least she doesn’t sleep with just anyone...’ He thought, Her chastity remained intact, meaning that no man had ever touched her.