

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Prologue
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Eat my cunt, you slut!” her sweaty legs were wrapped around my neck, and the pungent scent of her sweet nectar box pushed down against my face.

I instinctively stuck out my tongue, but it wasn’t enough for her. She pushed herself down on my face, forcing my tongue to slide into her. Without waiting for me to recover, she started to rock her hips erotically, effectively riding my face.

“Fuck… ah… shit… yeah… suck it… suck it… you slut.” She said, grabbing a chunk of my hair and forcing my head against her pie.

Only been I began to suck strongly on her clit did she finally let out a moan of satisfaction and loosen her rough treatment. She was an attractive woman, with blond hair, and sharp eyes. She didn’t shave down there, making her snatch somewhat hairy, but she was clean and smelled erotically of sex. Her tits were large melons which bounced as she rode my face.

“Ah… I’m about to cum!” Another girl cried out.

She was standing nearby, and her finger was rubbing her clit excitedly with her pelvic region pushed out in my direction. Compared to the girl on top of me, she was only pretty. She had a small body and a tight looking pussy with just a small patch of hair on it. A fountain of clear liquid squirted out as she panted. She positioned herself so that it fell on my chest. I could feel the drops of hot, feminine liquid leak down on my chest.

“Keep going?’ A woman purred on my left.

She was holding my arms, and hand my hand pressed between her legs. She was trying to make me finger her. Every time I grew distracted and stopped moving my hand, she started humping my hand like a desperate dog, using her own hands to push my finger inside herself, using me like a toy.

“Hehe… since no one else has claimed his cock…” Yet another woman murmured, “I’ll enjoy his virginity first.”

She immediately squatted down, grabbing my cock roughly, lining it up, and then lowering herself down. I could feel my cock plunging deep inside her. Her pussy twitched excitedly, and she appeared to already be cumming with it just going in.

“What a loser!” A girl shoved her off. “You couldn’t even last a single thrust! Hahaha. Hey, boy… I’ll give you a real good ride.

This next girl didn’t squat down. Instead, she got on her knees, leaning back as she lined my cock up with her pussy. Pushing forward, my cock ended up in her pussy instead. Comparatively, she was a bit tighter than the first woman. I couldn’t help but let out a moan at the feel of her pussy gripping down on my cock.

“You like that? Yeah… I bet you like that.”

“Turn him around, I want to eat his asshole.” A girl laughed.

“Don’t be gross.”

“What? Guys like it when you eat their asses. I’m not saying you have to!”

“Dude, don’t be gay.”

“Fuck you, I only like sluts like him.”

“Suck it, suck my pussy.” The girl on top was getting impatient as I helplessly listened to the women all around me.

They were all naked, as was I.   I was on the floor of a locker room and covered by various women. They seemed to lack any shame, eagerly using me to get off. Those that couldn’t touch my flesh merely watched, touching themselves excitedly like it was a greatly erotic show. If I had to say how many girls were around me using their bodies to get off on me, the number was around ten.

At first, I had been startled, but things had snowballed to this state. At first, I was overwhelmed, even a little frightened. However, wasn’t this a dream of any man? None of these women were ugly. The oldest was 22, and the youngest was 18. Basically, these were a bunch of slightly drunk college girls, and they had gone completely wild. If this was the way things ended up, I might as well get the most enjoyment out of it!

Raising my head dived into her snatch. Sucking her little clit into my mouth, I began to suck it like it contained a precious resource. With my free hand, I reached down and grabbed the hip of the girl riding on my cock. With a bit of leverage, I summoned all my strength and began to thrust up as roughly as I could. I began to jackhammer into the woman on top. She let out a cry of surprise, losing her own grip and falling down, her hands landing on my chest as she just tried to hold on.

With my remaining free hand, I spread her clit and summoned all of my knowledge of women to find her g-spot and start stroking it relentlessly. The change caused the atmosphere to warp in the room in a moment. The lewd comments were completely overwhelmed by the sounds of three delectable moaning women, which I was pleasuring simultaneously.

As for the girls watching, their lewd commentary was silenced as they saw the scene of their friends being taken for a ride. Not a single girl in the room couldn’t help but have her mouth open in shock.

“Damn… look at him go.”

“F-f-f-uck, I’m cumming!” The girl riding started squirting all over my face as her entire body shook and she moaned loudly.

I sucked down her sweet nectar, not even thinking about it as I sucked harder and harder. Her entire body began to spasm and her hips rocked hard on my lady-cum drenched face.

“Ahhhhhh…. Ahhhh… st-stop… too much…” She moaned.

Her face was scrunched up completely, lost in the throes of a powerful orgasm that bordered on agony. As for me, I sucked her little clit until my checks and mouth were completely sore, and didn’t even stop there. I engulfed more of her nub until the entire top of her pussy was sucking into my mouth like I was trying to swallow it.

“G-ggg….aaaaaaa…..” She lost all energy, and she was now completely sitting on my face, having no power to sit up.

The expressions on her face were expressions the other girls had never seen before. Tears and drool dripped down her face, her face filled with pain, but also nirvana. A sudden flood gate of liquid squirted out of her, dripping down my chin and neck without stopping.

“Oh… dude… she’s peeing on him…”

“I-isn’t than squirting? I… read about it… but didn’t think it was possible?”

Whatever it was, the stink of sex filled the room, and the girl spasmed for a solid minute before pulling away desperately, unable to take any more. However, she rolled over and seemed unable to get up, lying on the wet floor covered in sex like all the energy had been sapped out of her.

This wasn’t to imply that during this time, the other two ladies fared any better. The girl on top of me desperately hung on while I jackhammered her cunny as aggressively as I could manage. She let out shouts of pure pleasure as my cock slid in and out of her, making slapping noises with each thrust. The girl I was fingering had her knees buckle under the pleasure. She fell to the ground and her thighs were tight around my hand as orgasms shot through her body.

I finally ripped my hand out of her wet thighs, allowing her to finally gasp in relief, the sexual agony of being savagely fingered coming to an end. With only the girl on top of me, I had regained my sight and orientation. I sat up. She let out a girlish cry as she fell back, but I caught her and then pushed down on the floor. It was the exact definition of spinning the situation 180.

With her pinned under me, she no longer could fight back. She seemed surprised that I could support her weight and was physically stronger than her, but I didn’t give her any time to dwell on it. Spreading her legs open roughly, I could see her wet juices had spread down her thighs and almost to her knees. She was quite horny and had gotten extremely wet while bouncing up and down on my cock. Now it was my cocks turn to enjoy her swollen, pink cunt.

Pushing her butt up with my knees, spreading her legs with my elbows, and grabbing her shoulders with my hands, I bent her like a pretzel. Before anyone could understand what I was doing, I started pounding my cock into her as aggressively as I could. Loud smacks resounded as my balls slapped against her cunt, and wet juices splattered on the already drenched locker room floor. I was almost covered in female ejaculate, as was the floor. The entire stunk of the sex of these horny vixens.

I relished in it and pounded her cunt like my own personal sex option. The woman under me tried to resist at first, finding my rough nature to be a bit more aggressive than she liked, but she was completely trapped, and as my balls pounded her in a rhythmic fashion, her body started to lose a sense of control. She howled in complete erotic pleasure, her body shaking and coming as I pumped her good.

The other women didn’t disturb this seen, although many of them were still excitedly watching and touching themselves. They seemed almost stunned, both at how good I dominating I was sexually, but also at how crazy their friend was going as she had more and more orgasms. She seemed completely helpless. Her moans and whimpers made her seem… well… like a guy. One girl suddenly walked up and slapped my ass just as I was bringing it down into her friend.

“You go, boy, you give that bitch your cock!”

The girls all burst out laughing. Suddenly, they all started to join in, berating the girl under me for being such a beta-hoe and then chanting for me to continue to have my way with her. The girl had a horrified, desperate look on her face, but as snot, tears, and drool fell from her face, her eyes rolled up in her head and all she could do is shout and moan while covering her face, trying to hide from the ridicule of her friends.

“Fuck that bitch! Fuck that bitch!” Soon and chant rose up, and the girls all gilled as they egged me on.

Of course, the constant positive encouragement was quite exhilarating, and my balls slapped her until they were red and sore, and still I didn’t want to stop. The sight of the naked women all around me cheering was too much, and my body which could fight and flight seemed to have short-circuited into one that fucked. However, even pornstars had their limits, and mine was about to be reached.

“I’m almost there…” I said through gritted teeth, even as I refused to slow up the pace.

“Cum on me!” One girl said, “I want to feel your seed on me!”

“No, me!”

“No.. you can do it in me! It’s okay, I’m on the pill!”

“Girls on the pull aren’t as good! I’ll take a morning after, so put it in me!”

The girls were all begging for my cum. I’d just assume deposit it where it was, in this little broken girl under me. Just as I was about to fill her womb with seed, the door suddenly slammed open.

“What the hell is going on here?” A woman shouted.

Somehow, in the process. I got pushed back, and my cock, not yet spent, fell out of the girl under me and I fell back to the lock floor with a splash. I looked up. My hair was a complete mess. My body was covered in feminine fluids. My lips were chapped. Suffice it to say, I was a mess. However, the person who saw me didn’t look grossed out. Rather, she looked angry and horrified.

“Shit… Mackenzie… this isn’t…” The first person tried to hold up their hands and defend themselves.

The newcomer, Mackenzie, punched her with a pretty strong right hook. The woman fell back to the wall and collapsed immediately. The other nine girls suddenly shied away in fear, stumbling over each other to get away from me and Mackenzie. She grabbed a nearby towel and immediately tossed it over me. Looking down at me with stern eyes, she said a single word.

“Noah…”

“Sister…” I responded back helplessly.

Mackenzie, the second oldest sister of my family was staring down at me with a very strange look. Well, what sister would act normal walking in on their brother in a ten-girl gangbang? However, her eyes weren't disgusted. They looked extremely lost and hurt. She reached down and picked me up in her arms.

“H-hey! What the hell?” I said as she stood up with me in her grip. “What are you doing?”

“I’m taking you home.” She responded sternly.

As she turned and left the room, none of the other women would dare meet her eyes. They all looked away awkwardly before sulking away to get dressed. Mackenzie wrapped me in a blanket she picked up from a nearby bench. She didn’t even try to find my clothing, instead, she swaddled me up like a baby and carried me out to the car. I had never though my sister was particularly strong, but she was able to carry me with ease, even though I felt I was heavy.It was an odd feeling to be carried by a girl.

The drive home felt somewhat awkward. She didn’t say anything at all. Instead, she seemed to be muttering to herself, and angry expression on her face. I didn’t dare break her from her thoughts, as I worried I’d get a tongue lashing. When we finally did reach the house, she at least let me walk indoors without picking me up. I went straight to the bathroom to clean up. When I got out, I noticed that Mackenzie was in the living room. She appeared to be the only one home right now.

“Where are the others?” I asked awkwardly, sitting on the couch next to Mackenzie, wrapped up in a clean, dry towel now.

“Mother is working right now. The others are busy.” Mackenzie responded flatly, not indicating she intended to say anything more on the subject..

“Ah…”

Just as I wanted to say more, the TV show went to a commercial break, and the sound on the television jacked up several octaves. Annoyed, I let the towel drop down and then reached out to grab the remote. Suddenly, a hand grabbed my wrist and pulled me forcefully back to the couch. I turned to see Mackenzie glaring at me. She had a furious expression on her face.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” She demanded.

“Eh?”

She pointed to my chest. “How can you expose yourself like this? You’re a guy! You were just raped earlier! Don’t you care about your body? Your reputation?”

“Ah… you’re hurting my wrist!” I said helplessly, finding her kind of scary like this.

“Don’t you know when you show your chest to a girl like that, you... you… you’re just asking for them to push you down!”

“Hah? You’re my sister!”

Those words seemed to set her off. She suddenly shoved me down and grabbed my other hand. She pulled them up over my head, pinning me down. Her body was on top of mine, her legs straddling my body. She was breathing hard as if struggling to control herself. The feeling of her body started to make me think thoughts I knew I shouldn’t.

“I’m also a girl! You know how girls are!” She hissed. “If you weren’t my brother, I’d rip your clothes off and do all kinds of things to you! That’s why… that’s why you need to be more careful around girls! You live with six horny teenage women! I just want you to have some self-awareness for a change!”

“Guys get horny too, you know…” I responded, finding the entire situation to be strange and surreal.

“Th-that… even so… boys have to protect themselves from women. We all only want one thing.”

“And if I want the same thing?”

She shook her head, an incredulous look on her face. “Stop saying things like that!  You used to… you used to be so sweet and innocent. What happened to my cute little brother?”

“I was never cute or little,” I said, rolling my eyes.

“You… well… even if you don’t think so, what about your mother? What your other sisters? Did you think about us when you were acting so willful? How do you think it would affect us with a brother who gained a reputation as a sl-, I mean, like… like… like…” She didn’t seem to be able to find the words to finish.

I bit my lip, not sure what to say. “I-I’m sorry…”

Mackenzie let out a sigh, her sweet breath tickling my nose. “I am too. I just… I just want…”

At this point, she realized how close she was to me. Her face was only a few inches from mine. The towel was still down, exposing my chest, and on top of that, she had my hands held up over my head.

“N-Noah…” She said breathily.

“If you want me, then have me…” I found the words leaving my mouth before I could stop myself.

Her entire body seemed to shake again. Her eyes kept looking at my lips. If she wasn’t holding my arms, I would have grabbed her and pulled her against me entirely. No… wait… I really needed to calm down. She was my sister. Even though everything went weird, I had to remember that. Sure, I had fantasized about having her dozens of times. I had fantasized about all of my sisters. My mom too. The women in my family were really hot. Late at night, I’d watch incest porn and jack off into mountains of tissue paper.

That was only a week ago. I mused.

My sisters used to think I was the grossest guy though, and wouldn’t come within an inch of me. In fact, as of a week ago, I had never had a girlfriend, let alone experienced sex. I was a reclusive nerd and gamer. Well, living in a family with six sisters, I learned to keep to myself. My door and my room was the only relief I ever got from the estrogen-rich environment I found myself in. My mother constantly nagged me to go get a job. My sisters treated me like a leper. I was a pale, skinny loser.

Yet, I just banged ten horny women, and I had no doubt that if I went out, I could enjoy just about any woman I wanted.  Now, my sister was the slightest breeze from fucking my brains out. My other sisters all seemed to like me as well. No one even questioned me living at home, and they, in fact, encouraged me to keep my privacy in my room. My life had completely changed, seemingly overnight.

What happened? It was actually rather simple. Last week, for whatever reason, the expectations, attitudes, wants, and general roles between men and women suddenly flipped. The patriarchy became a matriarchy. Women started enjoying fast cars, actions movies, video games, and porn… while men got in touch with their feminine sides, staying at home as cooks and supporters.

Just one week ago, everything suddenly changed…

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Ahh… yeah… give it to me! Give me that fat cock!” The woman screamed.

“Yeah… I’ll give it to you.” I chuckled to myself. “Take it!”

“Ahn…it’s so big! Harder. Harder!”

“Oooo… I’m going as hard as I can!” I muttered. “Fuck, I’m going to cum."

“Oh, baby… cum inside me!”

“Too late… fuck!”

Fap. Fap. Fap!

An explosion of cum shot out in front of the television screen, barely missing the screen itself as it plopped down on the hardwood floor. Sitting on that floor with my legs spread open and my dick out in my hand, I watched in satisfaction as a few more gobs of cum dripped out in front of me. I imagined that the floor was the pornstar on the screen's tits that I was cumming on them.

I wondered what real sex was like. As I watched the girl moan and suck on the guy's cock, cleaning it after he came on her, I wondered what that felt like too. Regrettably, it wasn’t in the cards for a guy like me to get a girl. There were several reasons that was the case. One of them was that I lived with seven women already. That made bringing a girl home impossible. It was hardly the fantasy you're imagining though.

Knock. Knock. Knock.

“Hey, you still haven’t taken the trash out yet!” A young girl’s voice called out.

“Ahn… Fuck me harder!” The girl had started round two.

I realized that when I had been cumming, the audio jack cable had gotten loose, and now the audio from the porn was blaring out loud.

“Ah… fuck...” I cursed, looking down at the mess over my hand, the floor, and my pants as I fumbled desperately for the remote with my only good hand.

“Brother… what was that noise? Did I hear a girl?”

“Fffuu….” I growled the partial word, turning off the television. “It’s nothing, I’ll be right there!”

I reached out and grabbed my tissue box, pulling out several tissues as I desperately tried to clean my hands and the mess. My younger sister hadn’t responded to my yell. Instead, I heard the sudden thumping of footsteps as she ran to the room next to mine. The walls were thin, so i could hear everything clearly.

“Mackenzie!” I heard her voice in the room next to mine. “He says he’s too busy watching porn to take out the trash!”

“Fffffffuuuuk!” I growled hatefully, cringing at my hateful sister.

Weren’t younger sisters supposed to idealize their big brother? Well, she didn’t idealize me at all. Worse, she went and tattled on me to Mackenzie. I heard Mackenzie’s heavier footsteps leave her room as she came to my door. I quickly hid all of my porn and tossed the tissue in the trash. Half of the tissue made it in the can. The rest fell out of the overflowing can and onto the floor.

This was so infuriating! I was sixteen now, I didn’t need a freaking babysitter. Worse, Mackenzie was only two years older than me. Just because she was eighteen didn’t give her the right to boss me around.

Thump. Thump.

Mackenzie’s heavy knocking showed her annoyance and anger. “Open the door, Noah, before I kick your ass!”

“Can’t I have some damn privacy!” I cursed, feeling completely aggrieved as I unlocked the door and looked out. “I said I’d get the trash in a moment!”

A tall, beautiful girl with nice size C breasts, a ponytail, and brown eyes was glaring at me with her arms crossed. “You forgot to take it out last week! You now have twice as much garbage. It stinks! Not everyone who lives here is a pig like you!”

A girl poked her head out from behind Mackenzie and stuck out her tongue out at me. Kelsey was only younger than me by a year. Yet, she wasn’t even close to being as mature as her big sister. Well, there was one area she was more mature in. That was her chest, which had sprouted out to D’s recently. Kelsey was an athletic girl and she was another beauty. That will be a recurring theme in my household.

“I’ll do it!” I shouted back. “Just give me a minute.”

I tried to close the door but Mackenzie put her hand and forced it open, taking a step in. Only a single step in, she glanced around and sniffed the air. It still smelled a bit. Wait, my big sister couldn’t possibly know what male spouge smells like, right? Her eyes fell to the trashcan full of waded up tissue paper and then she rolled her eyes.

“You really were watching porn?” Her face turned disgusted.

“I was not!” I lied. “Just get out of my room. I’ll get the trash when I can.”

A girl peaked out of the room across from mine. She looked almost identical to Kelsey, but she was less athletic, making her have a bit more baby fat. She had a lazy air about her. She was almost Kelsey’s exact opposite. Where Kelsey was athletic and into sports, she spent every day lying in bed, watching the television and eating junk food.

“Brother is so gross; I could hear it from my room. He should die.” She responded sleepily.

“Twinsy knows what she’s talking about!” Kelsey nodded excitedly.

Her name wasn’t Twinsy. It was Kristy, but since they were identical twins, Kelsey always called her Twinsy. Kristy shook her head and went back into the room the pair shared, no longer interested in the conversation. She only popped out just long enough to aim criticism at me.

Mackenzie had also backed out of my room and the disgusted face she wore was enough that it really did hurt my feelings. However, there was nothing I could say. I really was watching porn. They always teamed up on me in this way and bullied me. My life was shit!

“Your zipper is undone.” She finally spoke, turning away and covering her nose like she couldn’t even handle the smell of me. “Just do your job.”

I checked my pants and immediately growled. “Fffffffuuu… mmmm…"

I zipped them back up, wondering how much she had seen and noticing a white stain there where some cum had dried. Kelsey laughed at me one last time as I glowered in embarrassment. However, the drama she caused was over, so, Kelsey spun around and entered the room with her twin. As for me, I slammed my own door closed and gave a silent curse.

There was a thud on the wall adjacent to mine. "No slamming!"

Fuck this house! It was way too small, and it was covered with women who were always cruel to me. I hated it. The worst part of all is that those three were only some of the girls in my life. Along with my mother, I had six sisters in all. Three of my sisters were older. Three of my sisters were younger. That made me the middle child and the only male in my household. My father wasn’t able to handle this environment. That’s why he took off on us about thirteen years ago when my mother was still pregnant with the youngest girl.

As for me, I wanted to get out as soon as I could. As long as I got a job, I’d be leaving this place! Who was I kidding? It was impossible to find a job in this market. Every guy I interviewed with just took one look at me and then said they’d consider it. When I thought about my bad luck, I started to just lose hope that I’d ever make anything of myself. Girls seriously had it easy. They weren’t expected to work or do anything.

For example, I was the only one with the assigned chore of taking out the trash. None of the girls would do it. They claimed it was a guy’s job and the bag was too heavy for them. Instead, they got to wash the clothing and clean the dishes and all the other easy tasks that didn’t make them have to go outside in freezing weather, snow, or rain. I also had to mow the lawn in the summers! Meanwhile, my older sister Dawn had no chores because she was studying for her SATs.

Well, I’d need to study for my SATs too! However, if I said something like that, mom would just roll her eyes and tell me I was just going to waste my time playing video games! It was probably true, but that didn’t mean it was any fairer!

As I walked by one of the bedrooms, I knocked when I saw a young girl on the bed. She was wearing Pajamas that were a bit too small for her. She also had a mp3 player with headphones that were blaring loud music. My youngest sister, Bethany, must have recently gone through a growth spurt. Her shirt barely reached her belly button, and she was wearing shorts so small I could almost see her crack. I didn’t realize I was staring at her ass until a pillow suddenly hit my face.

“Brother is disgusting!” She said in a breathy voice, looking like she was about to cry.

She had noticed me watching her and removed her headphone.

Fearing that she’d run to Mackenzie to tattle, I held out my hands defensively. “Hey, I was just wondering if you had any trash. I’m taking it out!”

“You are the trash!” She said, “Standing at the doorway grinning while you look at your sister. You’re a pedophile!”

“You’re 13-years old, pedophile refers to attraction to girls 12 and younger, so…”

“The fact you know that is exactly why you’re a creep!” She cursed, running up and slamming the door in my face.

It hit my toe and I cursed as I jumped down the hallway. Bethany and I used to get along, but ever since she started puberty and had her first period, instead of treating me like a loving brother, she started to look at me with disgust and called me a pervert. A door opened just a crack, and a single eye glanced out from the room that was the study, the hallway's light causing a gleam to bounce off her glasses.

“I have no trash. Don’t bother me.” The door shut without another word.

That was the most interaction I had with Dawn in an entire week. She was seventeen years old, with dark hair tied into twin ponytails, glasses, and a nerdy vibe about her.

I finished collecting all the trash, grumbling the entire time. As I went outside, dragging a full bag behind me, a car pulled up in the driveway. Two older women got out of the driver and front-passenger side. They looked like an older and younger sister, but the truth was that it was my mother and her oldest, London. London was twenty-four, and actually had a place, but for various reasons she came to the house all of the time.

London wasn’t dad’s daughter, so she was only a half-sister to me. As a result, we weren’t really close. Well, I wasn’t close with any of my sisters. It was better to say there was no resentment between us. To London, I was just another younger sibling in the house. She was always more worried about her own life than anyone in the family.

“You’re taking out the trash… good!” Mom gave me a tired smile. “Make sure to clean your room too.”

I grimaced. She was always like that. She could never compliment me without adding something else to my workload. I couldn’t complain too much though. She worked more than any of us. Right now, she worked two jobs to support the household. There was a time I wanted to work and bring home money and support my mother and sisters. However, given how my sisters treated me, could you really blame me for preferring to just get out as soon as possible? I’d accept anywhere, really.

“Mom… I can’t believe you’re not helping!” London whined.

“Honey, I just can’t afford to pitch anything in for the wedding. I still think it’s too sudden anyway.”

“Is that what it’s about? You think I’m getting married too quickly so you’re going to sabotage it!”

Mother’s head dropped, showing her exhaustion. It was clear they had been having this argument for some time. For me, this was the first time I had heard that London was getting married. That was exactly how much anyone told me anything in the house.

“Honey, I’m happy you’re getting married. Isn’t the husband’s family supposed to pay for it?”

“Mom… that’s so thirty years ago,” London protested. “You know that Dan has a band and he needs to put all of his money into his work!”

I could only roll my eyes at her words. I had only met Dan once, and I knew that guy was a piece of shit. Everyone knew that guy was a piece of shit. However, it wasn’t my place to say anything. As a guy, I wasn’t permitted to be involved in those kinds of conversations. For mom, London wouldn’t listen to her in the slightest.

The two continued to argue as they entered the house, London insisting mom needed to pay for the wedding while mom sighed and shook her head. As always, I was basically forgotten. Living in a house with seven beautiful women? Whoever said this was every man’s dream? I would hit anyone who even suggested it.

It’s just, sometimes, I wished the women in my life knew what it felt like to be a man.

As I thought that, I didn’t notice a shooting star crossing the darkening sky. I dropped the trash bags on the curve, stretching my back. It was only then that I noticed a car veering off the road and heading up the curve directly at me. I could see a woman in the driver’s seat looking at her cellphone rather than the road.

“Woah!” I shouted, but it was too late.

She saw me and hit the breaks, but the car ended up hitting me anyway just before stopping completely. I fell back on the curb, and as I landed my head smacked painfully against the cement. Darkness overtook me.

When I started regaining consciousness, not very much time had passed, as the sun still hadn't set all the way. I felt someone tinkering with my pants. My eyes groggily opened and I saw the girl who had been driving. She had a hold of the hem of my pants and she was peaking down them, looking at my underwear. I couldn’t see her face until she turned to me. When her head spun around, her eyes instantly locked onto mine. She was a very pretty girl with long eyelashes and a cute smile.

Although, her face was kind of odd right at that moment. Her expression turned from a strangely perverted one to one of complete shame. She suddenly jumped off of me, landing on her knees. She immediately bowed down, her head touching the ground.

“I’m sorry, sir! I mean, I didn’t do it! Rather… if I did it, which you can’t prove, it totally wasn’t what you thought I did!”

As she babbled on with a blushing face, she came off as really really cute. Suddenly, a strange feeling came over me. Before I could even stop myself, my mouth moved.

“Can I get your number?”

Her mouth fell open, a shocked expression. I winced. Why did I ask that? She’s such a pretty girl. How could she be interested in giving me her number? I really was a loser after all.

Just as I was thinking these things. “My number, Yes!”

She jumped up and ran to the car, grabbing a pen and paper and immediately writing on it like she was in a race. She then ran to me and held out the paper scrap with both hands, her head lowered.

“Please, take my number! I’ll definitely pay any hospital bills.”

“Huh?” I shook my head, still feeling slightly dizzy. “No, I just wanted your number because you’re cute.”

“C-c-c-cute!”

I winced again. That was the second time I said something inappropriate. I really had hit my head, but that was no excuse for this level of stupidity. The first time I asked, she thought I was angry about being hit. Now that I said such words, there was no way I wouldn’t embarrass myself. I was waiting for a slap. However, when it didn't come, I was hoping there was still time to undo the damage.

“Ah… forget it… I’m sorry…” I tried to push a scrap of paper back to her.

“N-no!” Her eyes turned serious and she shoved the paper to me. “Please call me! I mean… if you want to. I’ll definitely answer! No… I mean… yeah… whatever, that’s cool...”

The more she talked, the cuter she was. I realized she was really nervous. I just didn’t understand why. Maybe she thought I owed her because of the car. Well, I wasn’t so great of a man that I wasn’t willing to use that situation to get close to a girl. I eagerly took her number and smiled. Suddenly, my abysmal day had just gotten a million times better. I got a cute girl’s number!

She also seemed to really like me. She kept smiling and blushing. She almost tripped twice as she went back into her car, saying goodbye three times before she finally drove away. When I finally got up and dusted off my pants, I was about ready to jump for joy. Of course, what I didn’t realize was that this was just the start. Everything changed. As soon as I entered the house, I was in for a brand-new world.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After getting the greatest ego-boost of my life, I walked back into the house. I barely made it a foot when I suddenly heard mother gasp.

“Noah! Did something happen to you?” She demanded, walking over to me. “You’re head is bleeding?”

I blinked, lifting my hand and touching my forehead, immediately feel some sticky substance from where I had hit my head outside. I didn’t even realize I was bleeding.

“Oh, there was just a car… outside…” I said, still feeling a bit dizzy.

Something didn’t seem right, but I couldn’t put my finger on it. For a moment, I was convinced I wasn’t even in my own house. It was the right people and the right place, but something about it felt off. The smell was different, for one. It also looked a bit dirtier than I swore it was before I walked out.

“A car?” Mom frowned and then walked up to me. “You were hit by a car?”

“Noah was hit by a car?” London also walked over to me, putting her hand on my arm. “Are you really okay?”

“I should be fine…” I responded, wondering why they sudden cared so much.

They were barely giving me any attention when they entered the house. I felt like even had I been bleeding from the head, mom would have just told me to make sure I didn’t bleed on her carpet or something, and London wouldn’t have looked at me twice. However, the sudden concern on their faces was something that couldn’t be faked. A sudden wave of dizziness struck me and my knees buckled. I was expecting to hit the ground, but mom and London both grabbed me and nearly carried me over to a chair before sitting me down.

Mom immediately went and got a glass of water. Meanwhile, London checked my eyes. She actually had a pen flashlight and she flashed them at my eyes.

“Well, they still respond, so he probably doesn’t have a concussion,” London said. “I probably should bring him in and have him checked out.”

I swatted her hand away as she tried to touch my neck. “What do you think you are, a doctor?”

London blinked, and then she and mom glanced at each other. “I’m not a doctor, but I’m in medical school. You should know that, right?”

“Huh? Medical school? Wha- how can you afford that? What about your fiancé?”

London suddenly blushed. “Ah… he’s great, isn’t he? He’s so supportive at home.”

Mom nodded, smiling. “He seems like such a nice boy. He’s really cute.”

My mouth fell open slightly. When had they suddenly agreed on liking that douchebag?

“He’s just using you!” I said, trying to remind mom of the things she had been complaining about for weeks.

The two girls looked at me with shock, but then mom suddenly chuckled. “Oh, I think someone’s a little jealous that his big sister is being taken away!”

London’s face turned red. “B-brother… I can’t say I’m not flattered that you think of your big sister like that…”

“What are you two on about?” I shook my head, but suddenly I felt some nausea.

London grabbed a trashcan just before I threw up in it. “Yeah, he’s definitely confused. His memory seemed to affected. I’ll take him into my hospital. I know several good doctors.”

“Where is the person that hit him? I want to kick their ass!” Mom frowned looking out the window.

“It was a girl, mom…” I said after recovering, my head still over the trashcan in my lap.

“Hmph… a girl should be gentle. Doesn’t she know you’re a boy! If I get my hands on her, I’d definitely kick her in the pussy!”

“Mom!” London put her hands over my ears.

I would have shaken them off, but I was afraid of getting sick again. London and mom were both acting weird. I was wondering if it wasn’t me who hit my head, but everyone else.

“I should take him. He’s my only son.” Mom announced proudly.

“No… you should stay here.” London shot back. “Make sure your daughters get something to eat.”

“Ack… with Noah sick, we will all starve!” Mom gave a panicked expression. “Meh… the girls are nearly adults. It’s time they fend for themselves! How could I not look after my precious little boy!”

London suddenly smacked mom in the back of the head. My eyes nearly popped out of my head. There was no hitting in my family. That was a steadfast rule. Breaking it would cause my mother to fly into a rage. However, rather than getting upset, she suddenly put up her hands and punched London in the boob.

“You think your ol’ mom can’t take you?” She said, suddenly dancing back and forth like a boxer.

London side, rubbing her boob right in front of me like I wasn’t even there. “Mom, you’re such a dork. I’m leaving with Noah now. Don’t follow us!”

“B-but… my son needs me!” She gave me a strange puppy-dog look.

I really felt like this was bizarro land. I stood up and nodded to London.

“We’ll go alone. Mom, just cook dinner.” She looked appalled by my words, but I really didn’t get it.

Mom made dinner all the time, so why was tonight so different? On the other hand, I had no clue how to cook in the slightest. I decided that maybe I really did need to be looked at. As far as London being in med school, maybe that was just a cost of me not knowing her very well. Maybe there were all kinds of things about her I was ignorant on. Thus, I walked out and got into the car, letting London take the driver’s seat.

Once we hit the road, I glanced over at London out of the corner of my eye. In truth, I didn’t know her all that well. She had babysat me when I was younger, but as soon as I grew old enough to care about girls, she had already moved out. She still had her real father around, so she leaned heavily on him. I had suspected that her father didn’t like her fiancé either, which is probably why she had been bugging mom to help finance it.

“What is it?” She asked, noticing me looking at her.

“Nothing…” I said, glancing away.

After another moment of silence, she gave a small sigh. “Noah… I know we never were close growing up. I was only your half-sister, and you were so much closer to your other sisters.”

“Close?” I almost choked on that word.

How in the world had she thought I was close with my sisters? My sisters despised me!

“I just, I want you to know that even though I found someone, I’m still your sister, okay. If you need me, I will come and help you. Alright?”

She would help me? Had I misunderstood my sister this entire time? She was always focused on herself and her own problems that she never once acknowledged me. I had a feeling she only cared about herself. However, now she was talking to me like she wanted to be in my life.

“Besides, you need someone to beat all the girls off of you, right?” She smirked.

I raised an eyebrow. “What girls? I’d kill to have even a girl notice me.”

“What are you talking about? You’re a really cute boy. All the girls should be lining up to date you.”

I thought she was honestly teasing me, but her face was completely serious. “You think I’m cute?”

I spoke the words in disbelief, but her cheeks suddenly blushed. “I mean… well… can you keep a secret?”

“What?” I asked, feeling her expression was odd.

“When I used to babysit you, back when I was 16 and you were just 8, I used to think you were so cute.” Suddenly, she shook her head. “I mean, it’s nothing creepy!”

“Huh? No way…” I said in disbelief.

She had never even paid attention to me when she was babysitting me. How could she have any those kinds of thoughts?

“You really are cute…” She said, and then let out a couch awkwardly.

At that point, we reached the parking lot of the hospital. She stopped the car and put it into park. The atmosphere had suddenly felt a little weird. She shared that with me probably to cheer me up, and my lack of believing it seemed to have caused her to act this way. Well, now that my sister was reaching out to me, I didn’t want to drive an even deeper wedge between us. Thus, I decided to share my own secret.

“To be honest, when you were my babysitter, I also… had a big crush on you.”

Her cheek turned an even brighter red, and she suddenly looked really cute. “How is that possible? I-I’m your sister!”

“Half-sister…” I said back. “So, you know… agh… doesn’t every young boy want to make out with his babysitter?”

I froze, not believing I had just said that! She was probably going to be so grossed out that she’d never talk to me again! This is why I was so bad talking to women. It was easier talking to guys.

“You… want to make out with me?” She asked, suddenly looking at me strangely.

“I mean… when you were my babysitter. I’ve never kissed a girl before, so…”

Stop talking! Why was I still talking! Yet, London’s expression wasn’t grossed out. In fact, she was looking at me very strangely. She was also leaning in. Her lips were slightly parted. Wait… was she coming on to me? No, that was impossible. What am I even doing? However, I was seriously curious, so I leaned in too.

Our bodies moved closer and closer. I could hear my heartbeat in my ears. Was I really about to share my first kiss with my 24-year-old half-sister?

Honk!

A car outside had honked suddenly, and the pair of us jumped. I pulled away instantly. She had a fiancé and she was my half-sister. I was truly just imagining things, right? If I had tried to kiss her, she would have totally pulled away, and then called me a freak.

“We should… um… go inside…” She said, her breath somewhat ragged.

“R-right!” I nodded in affirmation.

This was just an accident. A misunderstanding. My damn hormones bubbling at a strange time. I didn’t want to make out with my older sister. That would be crazy. So, why did the expression on her face almost look disappointed?

While having these kinds of thoughts, I was brought into the hospital.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Hey, you’re bringing your brother in today?” The man behind the counter gave London a smile. “He’s a  cutie!”

The guy winked at me, and I found myself shivering all over. Did a guy just call me a cutie?  I seriously didn’t even know how to react to that. London grabbed my shoulders and she seemed to be blushing.

“Ah, yes, he’s just my little brother.” She said, “He got hit by a car earlier and he’s had some confusion. I was hoping one of the doctors could check him out?”

“Ah? Yeah… there is Dr. Ruben. Should I page him?”

“If you would?” She asked, and then turned to me. “Look, Dr. Ruben’s one of the younger doctors around here. He’s going to look you over. I have to go get something from the school side of things and I’ll be back. Just do whatever the doctor tells you to.”

She looked really worried about leaving me by myself, but I was freaking sixteen. There was no reason I couldn’t take care of myself. I wish I understood why everyone was acting so weird recently. I was growing more and more certain that head injury didn’t quite justify things. I sat down in the waiting room.

I noticed an old woman looking at me. When I glanced up at her, she looked me up and down and then winked. Sorry, lady, I may be a desperate virgin, but I don’t bang grandmas.

Thankfully, despite the creepy woman looking at me, it didn’t take long for a young woman to approach me. “Hey, I’m Dr. Ruben. You’re London’s brother?”

“Ah… yeah, I guess.” I said awkwardly, not expecting a cute girl like her to suddenly approach me.

She really was young, probably in her twenties, and she had a beautiful smile. I had thought it’d be a male doctor, not that I had any problem with females as doctors, just that I had been caught off guard. She led me back into an examination room.

“So, what is the problem? I just got a message that you were in an accident.”

“Ah… yeah, I hit the back of my head.” I explained. “After that, things have been kind of weird.”

She started checking my eyes in the same way London had done at home. She also touched my neck and looked in my ears.

“Weird? What had been happening that you consider weird?”

“I don’t know… it’s just… things smell strange…”

“Well, a concussion could explain a smell change, it’s probably just that.” She explained, “I’ll be using this on your chest.”

“Okay…”

She had pulled out a stethoscope and showed it to me before touching my chest. She seemed to touch my chest almost hesitantly. She had a strange looked on her face as her finger moved across my chest. Then, even so slightly, she squeezed it. Her eyes remained focus on me though.

“Can you give any other examples?”

“Ah… well… like, my sister was acting weird. She usually ignores me, but suddenly she started being really worried about me. Plus, I keep getting looks from women. I swear I had something on my face or something.”

She laughed, as she finally pulled her hand away from my chest and put it on my back, having me breathe in and out in deep breaths. “Well, you’ve read that age. You’re developing into a man, and you’re quite attractive. A handsome boy like you is going to attract the looks of a lot of women.”

“What are you saying?” I responded indignantly. “How can that be the case? I’m still a virgin!”

She let out a shocked noise, breaking into a cough before glancing at me strangely. “A boy like you shouldn’t be worrying about things like that. Purity is really important to guys.”

“What world do you live in?” I said incredulously, forgetting myself for a moment. “Girls can have it any time that want! Ah… I mean…”

Somehow, I had even made the doctor blush by speaking so rashly. I was suddenly worried she’d tell London and it’d get back to my family. I’d never hear the end of it. They would claim I was sexually harassing my doctor!

The doctor looked to the door and back to me, her expression turning a bit nervous. “Actually, I’ve been having a bit of a dry spell lately. A-are you really interested in losing your virginity?”

The way she asked it caused me to blink a few times. The reason was simple. Those words were something I never would have imagined would come out of the mouth of a beautiful woman towards me. Was she really being serious? I was finding the whole situation very difficult to believe.

Click.

She had rolled her chair back to the door and locked it with a resounding click. She then rolled it back to me, reaching out and gently putting her hand on my knee.

“You really are an attractive boy.” She said, her hand squeezing my leg slightly.

I’d like to say I was acting suave, but it was more like a deer in headlights. I was afraid to move and screw it up. If I talked, I knew I’d trip over my own tongue. A hot, older woman was feeling me up in a doctor’s office. Wasn’t this the complete fantasy? I could only gulp, waiting for what happened next. Since I didn’t shy away, her hand slowly worked its way up my leg until she reached my groin.

“Lie back.” She said, her expression turning slightly lewd.

Of course, when a pretty girl told me to lie back while she’s touching my dick, I’d do it! My cock was already rock hard, and all I could do was think about how hard this was to believe. Was I the luckiest guy on Earth? Her hand reached into my pants. Her fingers were a bit cold, or maybe my cock was just too full of blood. It was throbbing with desire.

“Mmm… your dick is so hot.” She purred.

“Ah…” I really lacked any smoothness, since that was all I could get out.

“Hehe… you’re really cute like this. I’m going to smell your balls.”

I thought I had heard her wrong, but she immediately pulled down my pants, stuck her nose in my groin, and smelled. She even rubbed her nose and face on my balls like she had reached some nirvana. The feeling was great, but I seriously had no clue what she was thinking.

“Is it really… that good?” I asked, feeling awkward.

“Mmm…” She finally said. “You smell like a virgin.”

Those words actually hurt a little. Can you even smell virgins? Was I that pathetic that I even smelled like one? She noticed my unhappy expression and then panic flashed in her eyes.

“Ah… that’s good!” She said, chuckling. “I’m really excited about being your first!”

I’d never heard of a girl being excited about having a virgin before. That just sounded odd. In fact, overall, she was acting exactly like a guy would act, wasn’t she? Then, I started to remember a saying in my school. Girls were just as horny as guys. I always found this to be a complete farce. I’d have sex with just about any girl, yet I remained a virgin. If every girl had the same standards, I would definitely be having a lot more sex.

Her hands we removing up and down my cock, and the only thing I could think about was how much better it felt when it was a girl’s hand rather than my own. I had no clue why, but her fingers were electric, and as she stroked it harder and harder, I couldn’t help but moan.

“Ah, shit… I’m cumming!” Naturally, I couldn’t even last, my dick erupting.

The doctor watched with a smile as much cum shot up in the air like a rocket. Even though I had masturbated just before coming to the hospital, the fact that it was with a girl made me shoot ten times as much.

“Mmm… so much cum!” She giggled.

Immediately, I started to feel bad. My cock was softening in her hands. She had barely touched me for a second and I exploded just like that. I didn’t even get to penetrate her, and it was already spent.

“Uh…. I’m sorry…” I said, feeling some embarrassment.

“Hmmm? What for, cumming?” she let out a chuckle. “Actually, it’s really hot. My boyfriend never cums when I touch him. Finding a guy who shoots it when you barely touch him is really hot. I’m totally turned on.”

“Oh… th-thanks… wait, you have a boyfriend?” I only completely processed what she said now.

“Ah! S-sorry… but, he never gives me sex. He’s a total prude. Besides, you’re way hotter than he is.” She frantically said, waving her hands.

“Is that so…” I didn’t really know what to say at this point.

Something about this whole exchange was weird, but I couldn’t put my finger on it.

“Are… you okay with that?” She asked, looking slightly guilty.

I mean, I didn’t know this guy anyway, and what kind of guy doesn’t want sex? If his girlfriend is so thirsty she’ll do it with a sixteen-year-old virgin at her job, then does the guy deserve to be cheated on? At least, that’s what I was thinking.

“I… guess so…” I responded, noticing she was waiting for an answer. “You want to continue?”

She let out a breath and then gave a smile. “Mm! I can’t wait to pop your cherry. Don’t worry, I’ll be gentle.”

Should I be the one saying that? I thought wryly.

Just as she went to pull down her underwear, there was a knock on the door. She let out a small sound and instantly pulled her stuff back up. I almost wanted to curse just as badly as she did. What was my luck? I quickly put my dick away, but there was little I could do about the cum everywhere. Dr. Ruben literally just tossed a handful of napkins at me, straightened her clothing, and then went to the door. I desperately tried to remove the semen as she started to unlock and open it.

“Dr. Ruben, are you till in here with my brother?” London’s voice came through the door.

“Ah, yes… we were just doing some tests and he wanted privacy. You know how boys get when they have to pull off their shirt.”

I frowned, thinking her reasoning was weird, but then London responded with an affirmative grunt.

As the pair of us left the doctor’s room, Dr. Rubin slipped me her number. She really wanted to continue where we left off? Just as we passed the lobby, I saw a television on. I wouldn’t have minded it, except there was a woman pictured in front of the Whitehouse, and it said, President Maria Gonzalez.

“President Gonzalez?” I said, “A female president?”

London stopped and turned back. “Ah… yeah, I know you were hoping the last election to get a male president in office. I, for one, think it’s about time we have a male in office. Um…”

She looked slightly awkward. Time for a male in office? What the hell, was this world backward? That was the first moment that I realized it might really be. What if… was it possible… men and women, were reversed? It made little sense in my skeptical mind, but it explained everyone’s strange behavior perfectly. Now, I just had to confirm it!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Are you okay?” London asked.

“Huh?” I glanced over at my oldest sister. “Um, yeah, I’m fine. Why?”

“Oh, it’s just, you’ve been really quiet since our visit to the hospital. The doctor said you need to take it easy for the next few days and call her if you have any problems.”

“I bet she did…” I muttered.

“What was that?”

“Nothing… sorry. I just don’t talk that much.”

“Really? Mackenzie says you’re a motor mouth who won’t shut up.” London gave me a mischievous smirk.

“What?” I was completely caught off guard by this. “Why would she…”

I stopped short, reminding myself that everything about this world was different. If this really was a different world, then maybe I was different too? I couldn’t keep going on like this. I had to confirm if this was true. I had to have someone I could talk to.

“Can you take me to a friend’s house?”

“Now?” She was a bit surprised.

“Well, I just feel like I need to get some air right now. The house is a bit crowded.

After a moment, she nodded in acceptance. “Yeah, I can imagine. An innocent boy being trapped with six girls, it probably smells like a fish factory in there.”

I let out a noise like a strangled animal. London winced.

“Ah! Sorry… I didn’t mean to be gross.” She responded helplessly. “I was just trying to cheer you up.”

“It’s fine… I just… didn’t expect that.” I responded wryly.

It was an odd experience to find girls being so upfront with me. I was so used to them being quite mysterious. Of course, guys were bold, and often gross, but when it came to women, I didn’t want to think about them that way. This world really was different! My eyes narrowed, and I realized I really needed to get the bottom of this.

“So, who do you want me to drive you to visit?”

“Ah… that would be Samantha’s house.”

It was London’s turn to make a noise. “Ah… you mean, a girl’s house?”

“Yeah…” I responded.

“You… you’re a boy. How could I drop you off at a girl’s house? Mom would be furious if she found out. As your sister, I’d be responsible if anything happened.

“We’re just friends.” I sighed.

Even that wasn’t true anymore. We were friends. We actually were friend in elementary school and then middle school. However, when we hit high school, she actually hit maturity and became an attractive girl with big boobs. Meanwhile, I became an outcast and a nerd. Simply put, she didn’t want to be seen around me anymore, so she ditched me. If the rolls of this world were backward, then I was seriously curious.

I couldn’t really say why I had suddenly thought of Samantha after all of these years. It was probably because I didn’t really have any other friends, even of the male variety. Samantha had been it, and when she left, the only way I survived was by depending on the internet.

“You may see the pair of you as just friends, but she’s a girl! I can guarantee you; she definitely sees you as something more. Girls don’t just have guy friends. She’s clearly wanting to get down your pants!”

If only. I mused inside.

However, I couldn’t say that to my sister, especially if I was right about this world. Therefore, I tried to reassure her instead.

“I’ll be careful. I won’t go into her room if it’s locked.”

I basically told her all of the things mom used to tell my sisters when they wanted to go to a boy's house to study. Eventually, I managed to wear her down. It was about the time I used the line that I thought she was my ‘cool’ sister that she had broken down. That had been all improvisation right there. I just tried to reverse the situation and imagine what my sister could say to me that would make me fold. If one of my little sisters had called me cool and me doing or not doing something was related to my coolness in their eyes, I was damn well going to be cool!

“Alright… I’ll take you. If mom asks, you’re at a boy’s house, okay?”

“Yup!”

I couldn’t believe I had talked her into it. The old London had been my babysitter when I was younger, and I remember has as been a giant stickler. She didn’t let me get away with anything. The fact that I was able to make her change her might left me feeling great, almost gitty. That’s why, when the car stopped, I quickly leaned over and gave her a sisterly peck on the cheek.

“Thanks, you are cool!”

I had done that because I knew had one of my younger sisters ever once treated me that way, I would have felt ecstatic for ages. As for London’s sake, she turned completely red and her body was stiff. She didn’t even say goodbye as I left the vehicle and closed the door on her. Maybe I went a bit too far? Ah, well.

I finally rang the doorbell, hearing a dog barking next door as a result of it. A few moments later, the door opens, and my expression froze. The man who opened the door was her father. I remembered that he did not like me much at all, and was always an angry guy who cursed a lot. He had a beard on his face and was wearing a button-up plaid shirt. He seriously looked like a lumberjack. I still wondered how such a beautiful girl was spawned from such a beastly man.

“Who are you?” He asked, looking down at me.

“Um… I’m here to see Samantha?” I barely managed to get out.

“A boy wants to my daughter?” He uncrossed his arms and put on his hip, and then suddenly smiled and flicked his wrist. “Finally! Maybe there is hope I can have grandchildren!”

“Huh?”

He grabbed me, “Come in, come in! Stay awhile!”

He pulled me into the point I didn’t have much of a choice. Their house was much the way I remembered it. Except, I could hear the mom in the other room. She appeared to be watching a football game and she was screaming at the television.

“Come on! Come on! Shit! How did you not catch that? Are you fucking blind?”

“Ah… ignore my wife.” He giggled awkwardly. “She’s always like this on Sundays. Sunday football.”

“It’s fine…” I responded awkwardly.

“Well, excuse me a sec.” he walked over to the stairs and then suddenly bellowed. “Samantha! Get your butt down here young lady!”

“What?” I heard a yell from upstairs.

“You have a guest!” he then turned to me and smiled. “It’s a boy.”

The way he smiled at me left me feeling a little queasy. If he was a gay man, I was fine with that. This wasn’t just the feminist way certain gay men acted. This went well beyond any of that, to the point where his acts felt surreal.

“Huh? A boy?” A girl took a few steps down the stairs, bending over until she saw me at the door. “Noah!”

As soon as her eyes met mine, she made a noise of surprise. I could only let out a sigh when I saw her. She was still Samantha. I was half expecting some nerdy person with no friends. However, she still had a large chest. She was still beautiful. She had long, straight brown hair that went down her back and almost reached her butt. She had large hazel eyes, a round face, and a smile with dimples that were infectious.

As he noticed the pair of us frozen, still looking at each other, her father cleared his throat. “Isn’t it nice you have a boy over? You better treat him right, you hear?”

“D-dad!” She said, suddenly blushing.

“Okay, I’ll go… Samantha always gets embarrassed when her daddy is around.” He said and then leaned into me. “If she acts up or is anything but a gentlewoman, let me know and I’ll straighten her out, okay dear?”

“Dad… you’re killing me.”

“Ah… it’ll be fine.” I responded, trying to reassure the man, no matter how weird it felt.

Her father was routing for me and even talking down his daughter. Usually, if a strange boy came to your house, a father would definitely be hostile.

“Noah…” She said, walking down to the bottom step.

Her eyes were locked on me like she didn’t want to look away. It was not the expression I expected on her. The last time I had seen her, I had waved and she looked right passed me and kept walking. After that, I took the hint and didn’t try to call her again. Now she was standing right in front of me.

“I have… something I need to discuss with you.”

“Are you pregnant?” She asked.

“Men get pregnant in this world!” I declared with a gasp.

She looked at me strangely. “I meant, did a girl… you know… use you to get pregnant?”

Her head dropped and her face blushed. I didn’t miss how she had reworded it to put the responsibility on the girl. There were some feminists in my old world that would explode if they heard a girl describing it like that.

“Can we go someplace private?” I asked.

“My room! Ah…” She looked in her parent’s direction, but her mom hadn’t even noticed I was there and her dad was in the kitchen.

“Your room is fine.”

“O-okay…” She nodded and then ran upstairs.

I followed her, feeling my heart grow complicated. She was wearing a shirt with long sleeves and a number on the back. She was wearing standard jeans. I wondered if clothing had been flipped in this world, but I hadn’t seen any guys in a dress yet.

When we walked into her room, that was the first moment that gave me pause. The room was clean, but it also didn’t look like a girl’s room. There were sports trophies on the wall, the color scheme was mostly blue and green. She grabbed a football as soon as I walked in and started playing with it in her hands. I decided to just sit on the foot of her bed. As soon as I did, she looked at me and gulped.

I kept trying to put myself in her shoes, but the situation was so ridiculous I was afraid I’d start laughing. I didn’t want to suddenly burst out laughing in front of her.  I glanced at the door, noticing it was still open.

She noticed and waved her hand, “Ma says I can’t close the door if I have a boy in here. She thinks I might… ah… never mind.”

“Right, it’s fine.”

“Okay… well, why don’t you tell me why you’re here?” She asked.

“I wanted to ask you a question. Please answer me seriously.”

“What is it?” She finally put down the ball, noticing the serious expression on my face.

“Samantha, why did we stop being friends?”

She made a surprised noise, and then a sad expression appeared on her face. “Well, isn’t that obvious? Isn’t it because you ghosted me?”

So, in the end, things really are different here, huh?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“How did that happen?” I asked.

I wanted to see how closely Samantha’s story matched my own. She had ghosted me when we were younger, was it a complete switch? Samantha put on a complicated expression, staring at me suspiciously as if she thought I was teasing her.

“Why are you asking me? I don’t know what happened. We were best friends, and then you stopped talking to me shortly after I started dating Steven.”

I jerked at that word. I had been expecting her to say something like I started dating other people. It turned out, I was wrong. Steven was the name of her boyfriend back then. Well, at least he was the first of her boyfriends. I heard for a while she had a different boyfriend every month. Some people even spread rumors that she was a slut. Well, it made the fact she ghosted me a little less painful. However, it seems like what happened in the past still happened. We stopped being friends and she dated Steven. However, I ghosted her when she started dating another guy instead of her ghosting me. That appeared to be the key difference.

“I shouldn’t have done that,” I responded.

“Well, it’s too late now.” She said irritably.

“Is it?”

She blinked for a second, suddenly looking unsure. Then, she let out a sigh, shaking her head.

“What do you want?” She demanded.

I took a deep breath. I came here to test out whether this world was different. What was the worse that would happen? I’d get slapped? Things between Samantha and I couldn’t get any worse if I wanted it.

“Sam, the reason I stopped talking to you is that I had a crush on you.”

Sam suddenly shook, her mouth falling open as she took a step back. How would the old Sam have reacted if I said something like this? I really didn’t know. I had to push forward.

“Wh-what are you saying?” she responded defensively.

Is she playing dense now?

I took a step forward. “I want you. I don’t want any other man to have you.”

“N-noah… how can that… I mean…” She tried to work moisture in her mouth. “Are you sure you’re okay? You’re not serious, right?”

She was still trying to play difficult.

Think, Noah, Think! If I was in this situation, what could she say which would make me instantly react?

“I’m dead serious. If you pull down your pants right now, I will eat your pussy!” As I declared those words, I shut my eyes.

What the hell was I thinking? That was way too far. I was expecting to get slapped. However, when the pain didn’t come, I opened one eye, and then my mouth fell open.

Sam had discarded her pants and was now lying on the bed with her legs spread lewdly. She still had her underwear on, but with her thighs in her hands and her legs up, there was absolutely no misunderstanding at all.

Up until that exact moment, I still had my doubts. I thought it was just me or maybe things weren’t as bad as I thought. Only seeing Samantha eyeing me anxiously with her legs spread did the realization hit home. I was absolutely stunned.

“I can’t believe it,” I muttered.

Samantha heard me, and then her face turned red. “Y-y-you were joking! Oh, god!”

She closed her legs and grabbed her pants. She looked about ready to cry. I was still shocked, so it took me a moment to realize how upset she was. Seeing her all flustered like this, especially with her in her underwear, was really cute and sexy. Suddenly, I burst out laughing.

“J-just go…” She cried.

I shook my head as she tried to gesture me out the door. Instead, I grabbed her shoulders.

“I’m not going!” I said, and then I kissed her.

Her body froze for a second, but then she started to kiss me back. She was a very aggressive kisser, and her tongue explored my mouth as much as mine did to hers. Well, I had never kissed a girl before, so this was my first time. I had no clue if it was good or bad, but I really enjoyed the feeling. She was also fondling my body quite aggressively. Her hands actually fell down and grabbed my butt. I wanted to do the same to her, but I was afraid I’d lose my nut. When we finally broke the kiss apart, she was panting and both of our lips were wet and puffy.

“Noah…” She looked at me with extremely erotic eyes.

“Who said those jeans could come back on?” I declared, grabbing them from her hands and tossing them aside.

I felt an extreme boost in confidence. Knowing she was into me and wanted sex as badly as I did, how could I hold back. I hadn’t lied when I said I had feelings for her. She was my cute childhood friend. How could I not have had a crush on her? It tore me up when she started dating other guys. Now that I could finally have her, there was no way I could stop.

I pushed Samantha down on the bed. She had a look of shock and surprise that made me keep wanting to shock her more. I pulled off her shirt while delivering a barrage of kisses on her neck and body. Of course, I wasn’t a skilled savant. Rather, I was still a virgin other than for that handjob earlier. In fact, she had done me a favor. If I hadn’t already cum a few times this morning, I’d have already creamed my pants. That was how excited I was.

I grabbed her panties and pulled them down, revealing her pussy to me. It was the first one I had ever seen up close in reality. You’d think with six sisters, I’d have gotten a peak every now and then, but you’d be incredibly wrong. They used to treat me like a scourge, and the walking in the bathroom as they were changing situation never occurred. If there was even the slightest hint I might have seen up a skirt, they would seriously poke my eyes out.

The first thing that surprised me about her pussy was how much heat it emanated. She must have been really horny, because it felt like a fireplace, emanated warmth against my cheeks even though I hadn’t even touched it. It smelled sweet, but with just a bit of sourness. My fingers reached out, and I couldn’t help but spread it open. She let out a little gasp.

The more I smelled her, the more I wanted to taste her. Something about the smell made my head feel light, and my dick engorge. Yet, I resisted for a few moments as I continued to explore down there. I was like a kid in a candy store, getting to see something new for the first time. My actions were accompanied by the sweet symphony of aroused noises. For a virgin like me, this was the most arousing experience in my life.

“Just… suck it!” She cried, grabbing my head and suddenly pushing it against her cunt.

It completely surprised me and broke me out of my inspection. I was reminded that this world really was different. I supposed that had the situation been reversed, and she just been fiddling with my cock, I would have eventually also just jammed it down her throat. Except, where I would have gagged her, for me, all that happened was the tip of my nose got wet. With my lips tentatively in her snatch, I decided to send my tongue out on a probing mission.

Samantha gasped, and I found the taste inside her was even sweeter than her smell. I had already heard vagina’s tasting like strawberries, flowers, or some other kind of fruit. I didn’t experience anything like that. Rather, she tasted a bit like a sugar cube. Just a pure sweetness every time my taste buds ran across her skin.

Her hands were wrapped in my hair, and she was squeezing tight. Whenever I did something she liked, I could feel her hips rising slightly like she wanted to hump my face. Her hands tightened in my hair, and she tried to force my head down a little harder. Girls were supposed to be really hard to read during sex. I heard things like g spots were a mystery and women didn’t cum. However, the Samantha of this world was like an open book, every action clearly revealing how much she wanted this.

After spending a sufficient amount of time exploring her depths with my tongue, I decided to use my lips and add a little suction. In particular, I found the lump of flesh on the outside that I believed was her clitoris, and then I began to suck on it. While it was true I was a virgin, what virgin guy hadn’t read a blog or two about how to satisfy a woman?

“Ahh… Ahhh…” She moaned. “I’m going to cum.”

Girls never announced this! In fact, a girl cumming was a mysterious thing. That was what I had heard guys complaining about in the forums. Yet, she was announcing it fully.

Her hips started to move, and she pushed down on my head, grabbing my hair so hard it hurt a little. I increased the suction, and suddenly her whole body started spasming. She let out loud gasps of air, followed by deep moans. Her hips bucked several times like she was about to fly off the bed, and I hand to hold her down with my arms while I finished her off. There was a sweet flood of liquid, in her vagina, although it wasn’t at a level were it squirted. However, by the time I was done, her pussy was really wet.

“Th-that was a-amazing…” She said as I finally pulled away.

I went to kiss her, and then she turned her head. “Ah… you were just down there… It would be like kissing my pussy. So gross.”

So, even this had changed. I wondered if this meant if she sucked my cock, she’d have no problem with kissing. There were plenty of guys in my world that wouldn’t kiss a girl after she sucked his cock. Yet, it seemed fairy universally expected that women should be glad a guy was willing to go down on them and should kiss him and taste herself. Since the situation was reversed, I was surprised to find that Samantha was one of those types. Personally, I’d kiss her if she sucked my dick. Refusing to do it really killed the mood way more than anything else. I frowned, and somehow when she saw that she suddenly shivered.

“I-I’ll do it!” She cried out. “I’m not some asshole like that.”

With just a look, she reached out and grabbed me, pulling me into her embrace. She had her eyes closed when she kissed me, but after hesitating for a few moments, she returned to the aggressive kissing from before. When she pulled away, panting, she hugged me.

“S-sorry… it’s not as bad as I was afraid of.” She admitted with a guilty expression.

“Ah… well, since you’re a virgin, it makes sense.” I responded.

Her face flared with anger unexpectedly. “I’m not a virgin! I mean, I’ve done it with a lot of guys!”

I suddenly snorted out a laugh, and she grew even angrier. She was just so cute when she acted like that. I mean, I didn’t believe her in the slightest, but just the idea of a girl trying to brag about how many guys she slept with and refuse to admit she was a virgin. It was so backward that I couldn’t help but laugh. Just as it looked like she was going to pull away from me, I whispered in her ear.

“I’m a virgin too.”

Her body suddenly shook. Any guy hearing a girl say that to him would probably react this way. So, in reverse, I was looking for the same effect.

“R-really…”

“Are you doubting me?”

“N-no… it’s just… you seem so confident… for a boy I mean. I figured you must have…”

Of course, I was a normal boy, and a normal boy would be aggressive. However, if a girl acted as I did, the assumption would be she’d have experience.

“Should we have sex then?” I asked.

“Ah…” She let out a noise. “We’re really going to do this?”

“Is that a problem?”

“N-no… it’s just… I had dreamed of this for so long. The truth was, I always had a crush on you too. When I started dating other guys, I was trying to make you jealous. I was hoping you’d confess. When that didn’t happen, and you pulled away, my heart was broken. Now, it seems like a dream.”

My body was the one to shake this time. Her words had completely caught me off guard. If what she was saying was true, how did it apply to my old Samantha? Had she really dated those other guys hoping I’d notice her? Maybe she had wanted me to chase after her. Maybe, by giving up, I had destroyed our chances together.

Somehow, knowing this put a greater pressure on the act. Suddenly, I wasn’t sure I could go through with it. Before, deep down, I felt like fucking this Samantha was a form of vengeance. She jaded me so I’d take her virginity. Now, my emotions were much more conflicted. Tears welled in my eyes, and I couldn’t stop myself from suddenly crying. When did I get so emotional? Don’t tell me I was starting to act like the boy this world wanted me to be!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Hey… hey… we can stop. If you’re not into it…” She actually started patting my head and trying to calm me down.

She seemed very uncomfortable with me crying, and it made me want to bang my head against a wall. This situation was so freaking screwy. I was way out of my depth with all of this. I went from a loser jacking off to porn to being naked in bed with my childhood crush in a day’s time. Even ignoring the car accident, of course, my mind would be a bit of a mess. I wiped my tears away, shoving the emotions down as I recovered from my breakdown.

Samantha had pulled her underwear and pants back up, but she didn’t seem to bother with her shirt. She had a bra on, but sitting on the edge of the bed next to me with no shirt didn’t seem to phase her at all. It was as if her tits being on display was perfectly normal. In this world, it probably was. With that thought, I realized I had to go through with this. I had to tell her what was going on.

“Samantha. I came here to tell you something. I didn’t think… well… I mean… I don’t want to make you feel like I led you on.”

“Ah… so, you’re not that into me, right?” She let out a weak laugh, scratching the back of her head. “It’s okay, I mean, I don’t want to push you into doing something you don’t want to do.”

“Damn it! Will stop acting like a guy for a minute! I’m trying to have a serious conversation!” I said irritably.

“Hah? I’m not being emotional!”

“No… I mean… the opposite, Fuuuc… just… listen.” She was looking at me strangely now with an eyebrow raised.

Although she had her pants off, and her wet cunt even dripped a little on the bed, she hadn’t put pants back on. As for me, I still had all my clothing on.

“What?” She asked.

“I was in a car accident earlier today.”

“What!”

“I went to the doctor. I’m fine.” I defended, “Besides, that’s not the point!”

“What is the point?” She demanded worriedly.

“Everything changed!” I shot back and then winced. “I mean, everything is different.”

“…”

“How do I explain this? You know how you want to have sex with me?”

“Y-yeah…” She looked away, blushing.

“Well, before, you didn’t.”

“Huh?”

“I mean… like… before I got hit, there was a male president. Men did sports. Men were tough. Men hid their emotions. Men chased after women. Then after…” I gestured around her room.

“I think we should take you to the hospital…” She responded after a moment.

“I mean it!” I sighed. “Your room should be full of pink frilly things. You liked stuffed animals, and cooking.”

“Are you sure you’re not switching us around?” She chuckled.

“Exactly!” I let out a noise of frustration. “Look, you need to stop seeing me as a girl… I mean a guy. I’m more like a girl now. I want sex. I like video games. I masturbate to porn all the time.”

Saying I was like a girl hurt a bit, but at the moment, I was willing to do just about anything to get through to her even just a little bit.

“Ah!” Her eyes widened.

“Do you understand now?”

Her eyes slowly lowered, “So, you’re really just here to make fun of girls. I see…”

My eyes widened. “What?”

“I’m not here to be made fun of, okay?”

If she was a he, wouldn’t he be one of those jaded guys who had been used by women to the point that he had almost no trust in them? I knew several guys like that, particularly on the internet forums. Did she really think I just gave her oral sex just so I could embarrass her or trick her into something? I didn’t even know how to break through for someone like that.

“Fine, you won’t believe me?” I grabbed the bedroom door and softly closed it, locking it.

Prior, it had been opened a crack, but both of her parents were downstairs, so they likely didn’t hear us. Well, had they heard us, they likely would have stopped things. Although, I was curious if I’d get thrown out. If I was the girl in the situation, wouldn’t they just blame everything on her?

“H-hey, what are you doing?” She asked nervously.

Taking a deep breath, I began to pull off my clothing. She spun away as soon as she realized what I was doing, a large blush on her cheeks.

“Noah! What are you doing?”

“We’re having sex,” I responded. “Unless you don’t want to?”

“Y-you… how can you ask I girl that, like I’d say no!” Even though she spoke, she wouldn’t face me.

“Hehe… that’s good like I said, You can treat me just like a girl. Since you’ve wanted to do it with me, naturally, I feel the same way.” I kicked the last of my clothing away, making me completely naked in her room.

Actually, my heart was beating so fast I thought my chest would burst. I couldn’t believe I was doing this! As a guy, this really pushed against all of my common sense. Every instinct in my body told me this would end with her slapping me and then crying on her mother’s lap while her father chased me with a shotgun. However, I had to be sure about this world, and I had already gone this far with her. I had to know.

“Samantha, turn around and look at me.”

She was shaking slightly, but she still turned and looked at me. Her eyes roamed my body quite perversely, and in fact, her eyes seemed to be stuck on my junk. I suddenly wanted to cover them, but I fought against it.

“T-take off your clothing.” That order was a lot weaker.

How could a man order a girl to take off her clothing like this? She hesitantly pulled her pants and underwear back down. When I gestured to her chest, she looked down as if surprised I wanted her chest bare too. Actually, I had already seen below, but as she tossed her bra aside, I got to see her chest for the first time. Seeing her standing there, now completely naked, she looked so beautiful. My cock was about to explode.

Suddenly, she reached down and her fingers went into her pussy. She started rubbing herself. Particularly, she spread open the area around her clit with two fingers and started to rub the center area. I was so surprised that I made a noise without realizing it. She glanced up at me, her face showing a hint of confusion.

“What?

“Wh-what are you doing?” I asked, looking down at her touching herself?

“Eh? Asking like that… aren’t I just trying to keep my slick?”

“Your… slick?”

She shot me a side look. “Yeah, you know… I’m keeping it wet down there, so you can, you know, get it in? Since it’s my first time, I’m sorry if it’s hard to get it in…”

“Hah? What are you apologizing to me for? I’m a virgin too! I’m not sure if I can keep it hard.”

“Yeah, but you’re just a boy. If I can’t make you hard, aren’t I failing as a woman?”

I blinked, taking a moment to translate everything. I had watched plenty of porn and didn’t guys kind of stroke it to keep it hard. I was so excited that I hadn’t needed to, but the more I thought, the more I’d realize I would lose would if we took too long! But, this world was opposite, huh? It was a woman’s job to keep a man hard? Plus, she wanted to remain wet so he could get it in easily? Rather than maintain wood, they called it maintaining slick.

This all left me slightly dazed. Perhaps, if I wasn’t a virgin, these oddities would have been more predictable, but I already wasn’t completely sure how this worked and now my first time was going to be completely backward.

“It’s okay, I’m hard just looking at you,” I said.

“Ah… when you say that it really turns me on.” And she admitted it just like that, but she still kept touching herself.

“So, um… l-lie down.” She said, nodding to the bed.”

“Huh? Why don’t you lie down?” I responded.

“Eh? Do you want to be on top? I heard that doesn’t work at all for the first time.”

“How can that be?”

“Well, I mean, boys are so weak, I got to force it in with all of my body weight, if you did it, you probably couldn’t get it in.”

“Doesn’t that hurt?”

“Yeah… if she’s a little bitch… ah… don’t worry, I can handle it. I won’t cry or complain like those dyke bitches.”

“Dyke bitch? Is that the equivalent of saying no homo? It seemed like the culture here was just a bit less progressive than in my own world, or maybe Samantha was just a little bit sexist. Actually, she said a lot of things that were sexist, but they sounded so weird I couldn’t even respond to them.

“Don’t worry, I want you on the bottom,” I said, some dark desires starting to swell up inside me.

If this world was the opposite of my own world, then women tended to be on top while men sort of just laid there and let them do their thing. In which case, since Samantha was expecting to be on top, I decided to go all out. I wanted to see the surprised look on her face with the predator became the prey. Well, it was that sort of thing.

She lied on the bed. It was clear she wasn’t all that familiar with this position. Where missionary was the most standard position before with doggy being a bit more exotic, I had a feeling that woman on top and cowgirl were the standard positions now. Trying to put her in missionary for our first time would be like suggesting we did an upside-down wheel barrel for our first time. Actually, I didn’t know that position either, it was just an example.

I got back on top of Samantha, but this time we were both completely naked and there was nothing separating us at all. I could tell she was just as nervous as I was. I grabbed her legs and spread them open. Well, here goes nothing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With Samantha under me and her legs in my hands, I could only gulp down some saliva. A moment later, I pulled out my dick and lined it up. As soon as I started pushing inside her, the head popped in.

“Mmm…” She made a noise while trying to keep her mouth closed.

“You okay?” I asked.

She nodded, but her eyes were wet and her body was shaking. Her cheeks were also red. I couldn’t tell if she was pained, embarrassed, aroused, or just focused. I reached out and grabbed her chest. Her body shook a lot less with that. Once again, it was almost as if her chest was no big deal. In fact, when I squeezed her nipples, she giggled and then swatted my hands away.

Thus, I pushed myself inside a little deeper. Her body shuttered, and her legs spasmed. She bit her lip, trying to keep herself from making any noises as I couldn’t work my way inside. It seemed to be a manner of pride that a woman lost her virginity stoically. That’s probably why she said she wanted it fast, so it was like a band-aid. In that case, my slow penetration was driving her crazy. Well, I wasn’t going to speed up just yet. I liked the feel of her squirming under me. Plus, with her thought process like a guy, how could she complain during sex?

I slowly eased my way inside her, and as I did so I lowered my head and sucked on her breasts. The feel of those soft things in my mouth was electric. If I told myself a day or two ago that I’d be inside Samantha and my face would be sucking on her naked chest, I would have never believed it. Yet now, I had Samantha’s naked body all to myself, and she didn’t dare resist. No, it was more than that. She wanted it as much as I did.

I could see that some of her shaking wasn’t because she was overstimulated, but because she was crazed with desire. The look in her eyes was as if she wanted to push me down and fuck me. Even though I was sliding in slowly, her hips were already gyrating as much as my arms would allow, trying to get my cock to fuck her waiting pussy. Her hands looked like they were being held back. She was frightened to grab at my body and perhaps frighten me.

I finally got my dick in all the way. I bit one of her nipples and pulled it with my teeth, causing her to exhale her breath sweetly.

“You really like those, huh?” She asked as if that question didn’t have the most obvious answer in the world.

Well, the way this world was now, it probably didn’t.

“You don’t need to retrain yourself,” I said, looking up at her from her chest. “I won’t.”

Her mouth opened and her body shuttered again. She hesitated for just as second, but then she grabbed my hair and pulled my head up by it. I let out a cry of surprise and just a bit of pain as she suddenly kissed me. Her tongue shot down my throat aggressively, and her arms wrapped around me tightly like she never wanted to let me go.

That wasn’t the only thing that wrapped around me. Her legs did too, and as soon as her feet rested on my thighs, she started to hump me. I couldn’t help but gasp as her entire body turned aggressive. Her hands roamed up and down my back like the mere touch excited her. Her hips gyrated, causing my cock to slide in and out of her pussy whether I thrust or not. She was so incredibly wet and tight, that the feeling was out of this world.

For a while, I could only just remain there on top of her as Samantha did all the work. Her tongue invaded my mouth. Her naked body rubbed against me like a cat on catnip. Her pussy was humping me with frantic movements, desperate to feel my cock in and out of her. I admittedly wanted to succumb right there, to let myself be her toy. Maybe it’d be better if she was on top. In every porno I wanted, women were never this animated. She was a bit like an animal craving as much cock as I could give her.

This ignited my own desires. How could I let this woman take control? I was not only on top, but I was a man. In this world, the meaning got confused a bit, but for me, that meant I couldn’t be a wallflower who would cum like a bitch. This was my first time with a woman, and I definitely wanted to show her everything I had.

Regaining my senses that had been lost in the rhythm of her body. I tightened my grip on her legs and then pushed forward. She let out a cry as I brought her hips off the bed a bit. In this position, there was no way she could be in control. In fact, I had her pinned down on the bed and folded partially like a pretzel.

It was an aggressive move, but I didn’t care anymore. I had fantasized about having Samantha for years. Now that my dream had finally come true, I definitely would have my fill. I didn’t care that this wasn’t the girly Samantha that I remembered. She still looked like, smelled like, and sounded like her, so I could no longer control myself.

Thwack. Thwack. Thwack.

My cock slammed into her pussy noisily. She squirted out juices, which caused her to be surprised and embarrassed. Yet, even if she wanted to pull away shamefully, I wouldn’t let her. As her pussy filled with her own natural lubricants, it became even easier to jackhammer her. My dick slid wetly into her tight snatch over and over again, and I had my fill of Samantha’s pussy.

Her lewd scents filled the air, and she soon couldn’t stop herself from letting out moans. “Ah… shit… Noah… this feels so fucking good. Don’t stop. I love your big cock inside me.”

She apparently felt the need to speak dirty. She was trying to cover up for her own embarrassment by talking dominantly.  I could already imagine the old Sam’s words being completely different. A string of protests and biting her lip while covering her face. In some ways, it was very refreshing to fuck a girl who vocally told you what she liked.

“Yes… right there… right there!” She cried, almost drooling

“Ah… I’m gonna cum.”

“Cum in me! Ah… do it, do it!” She encouraged.

Somewhere in the back of my mind I was aware pregnancy was a real risk, but after everything that had happened, I still was stuck in a bit of a fantasy dream-like state, so consequences weren’t on the top of my mind.

As a result, two things happened at almost the same time. First was that I released my load inside of Samantha. Second, the door was suddenly kicked open, and Samantha’s mother was standing there.

“Ahn… Inside… ahhhh!” Samantha moaned, but then that second cry was a cry of shock as the door flung open.

I was in the process of cumming and didn’t seem capable of stopping. Grabbing her hips, I buried my cock deep into her womb and then unleashed all of my seed.

“What the fuck is going on here?” Sam’s mom shouted angrily.

It was only at that point my mind started to recover, while my cock started to soften. I sudden blast of fear shot through me. It came in many varieties, but the main one was guilt for what I had just done to Samantha. Her dad was going to kick my ass!

“Get the hell off of him, you dumb bitch!” Sam’s mom suddenly pushed me to the side.

Samantha backed up, holding up her arms. “Ah! Mom, this… it’s an accident!”

“Accident, my ass!”

Her mom suddenly balled up a fist and tried to punch Samantha, who was leaping off the bed. At this point, her dad appeared at the door.

“Oh, dear!” He gasped, and then looked at me with a stern, but a weirdly gentle expression. “Sweetie put on some clothing quickly, and come here. It’s okay.”

As Samantha and her mom danced around the room, her mom chucking things at Samantha while Samantha desperately tried to block it, I was able to put on my clothing unmolested. Samantha’s dad held out his arms and gestured to me. I walked over to him and then he gave me a hug.

“Poor dear, you really like my daughter, don’t you?”

My eyes held no light, and my expression was completely flat. However, I managed a nod.

Meanwhile…

“You damn idiot! You could have got pregnant! Do you have shit for brains!”

“H-he came on to me!”

“Yeah, like a believe that! I’ve seen your damn sex toys! You’re just a horny slut! How dare you treat an innocent boy that way!”

“No, momma, no!”

I heard some smacks, but I didn’t see anything else as her dad pulled me from the room and brought me down the stairway.

“Now, don’t get me wrong, I’m very upset that you two went and did that. You didn’t even use a condom!” her dad tsked. “She should have made you put one on.  My daughter is not the brightest. Please forgive her.”

“Ah, it’s fine.”

“Don’t you worry. We’ll take her to the drug store and she’ll take a morning-after pill. In the future, if you wish to do this with him again after this, please be careful. If you have sex, I’d rather you had safe sex.”

“Y-you’re not mad?”

He chuckled. “I was a young boy too once. I know how easy it is to fall in love. After what she just did to you, I’m glad you’re still interested in her.  Honestly, I’m just glad she found a guy who is interested in her at all. Perhaps, there is still hope I’ll have grandchildren. Eh… not now! Too soon, but if you did get my daughter pregnant, once you’re both out of high school, I wouldn’t object!”

“Ah… thank you…”

“Hehe… don’t worry, it’s just us boys. We can be honest with each other. Was this your first time?”

“Ah…” I really didn’t want to answer, as this conversation had already slipped off the deep end.

Thankfully, the two women showed up at that moment. The mom seemed to have calmed down, and Samantha was back in clothing, although she looked very chastised.

“I’m going to drive you home.” Her mom suddenly declared. “Grab your things and let’s go.”

She seemed a bit angry still. She had already left the room and was heading to the front door, putting on some crocs and a jacket and grabbing her keys. Samantha’s dad reached out and squeezed my hand reassuringly and then nodded for me to follow him.

I stood up, but then stopped by Samantha. “I-I’m sorry.”

She looked away, a somewhat pouty expression on her face. “It was my fault.”

I froze for a second, then decided to just go for it. I leaned forward and kissed her lips. It was just a quick peck, and then I turned and left. Samantha’s eyes widened, but then she blushed, looking away even harder. Her dad gave a soft chuckle.

“He’s a bold guy. I like him. However, he should lead you on a bit more, or you might think he’s easy…”

“Daaaad!” She rolled her eyes.

As for me, I even felt a little embarrassment there. I quickly fled out the front door, following her mom to the car and getting into the passenger side. Despite everything, considering what I had done, I had this gnawing feeling like I had gotten off exceptionally lightly. Yet, that was the nature of this world. There was no doubt in my mind anymore. I had gotten my answers. The roles of men and women in society had been flipped! So, my next question, what was I going to do about it?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I was in a car with Samantha’s mother. If I recalled correctly, her name was Jennifer, but I always just called her Samantha’s mom. After just being caught sleeping with her daughter, it felt extremely awkward in the car. Although it had been a few years, Jennifer wasn’t like the kind, gentle woman that I remembered. Rather, she had a sort of angry frown on her face, and she actually managed to intimidate me a little.

That only increased the silence in the car and made things feel even more awkward. Actually, now that I thought about it, this was probably for the best. After all, I didn’t want to be lectured about sex or anything from her. I just hope she didn’t try to tell my mother what happened. She would definitely ground me. Then there were my sisters. They would tease me relentlessly. My oldest sister, who ended up driving me to her house, would feel betrayed.

It really was a conundrum. In fact, I was already starting to sweat. It took a moment to realize that Samantha’s mother had the heat on in the car up to the full blast. I unzipped my coat and pulled it off. For some reason, my movements caught Jennifer’s eye, and she glanced at me several times out of the corner of her eye. As a matter of fact, she had been glancing at me a lot. It was almost like she wanted to say something. That made the hot environment even more unbearable, so I decided to speak first.

“Um… about your daughter…”

“She’s a slut.” Jennifer immediately snorted. “I don’t mean to insult your choices, but I think you can do better?”

“Huh?”

Although I knew I should have expected something like this, it wasn’t as easy as it looked. My brain was hardwired to see the world a certain way. Men were men, and women were women. It was like with every conversation I had to remind myself that things were reversed here. Although Jennifer looked angry, I could stop imagining the fretting mother. In my mind, I had pushed Samantha down quite aggressively, and so to continually have people put the blame all on her left me flummoxed.

“I mean, look at you! You’re a very attractive man. Plus, you’re smart and popular. I mean no offense toward my daughter, but we’re not even sure if she’ll make it into college. I just don’t want a sexy thing like you being dragged down by my good for nothing daughter.”

However, it seemed like Jennifer didn’t understand why I said ‘huh’. As she eyed me up and down, she thought I was questioning the statement entirely. Yet, despite all my best efforts, her words continued to shock and surprise me.

“Am I really that hot?” I said, feeling just a tad bitter.

If I was really hot, then I wouldn’t have been girlfriendless for years. Even if the values had changed that much, I found it hard to believe women found me attractive. I would have definitely had more success as a man before the switch.

“Hey, if you were 18, I’d…” Jennifer suddenly coughed. “Ah… never mind that. I’m just saying, you should find a girl who has the ability to take care of you. You want a girl who can take care of the babies you make, right? If you got my daughter pregnant, she totally wouldn’t have a clue what to do.”

“Hey, I supposed you’d know better?”

I meant it to just slightly tease her, but once again, I was off my mark. She stiffened suddenly and then gave me a side look.

“I know how to please a man, at least.” Her hand suddenly came out and touched my leg for a moment.

My entire body stiffened. I wasn’t dumb. Being surprised or caught off guard at the moment was one thing, but I was able to figure out the situation quickly enough. Wasn’t this one of those sex fantasies in reverse? The man drives the hot babysitter or her son’s girlfriend home, and then he shows her how a real man acts?

Her hand pulled away from my knee. It was only a few seconds. It could even be a playful pat, but her fingers did linger. The reason I even doubted it was because it seemed so foreign to me. Samantha’s mother was pretty good looking herself. She had bigger breasts than her daughter and a nice round butt. Damn, was I even thinking about this? Didn’t I want to test this world and see where I could go?

However, this was Samantha’s mom we’re talking about here! She was a married woman! Then again, wasn’t that perfect? She’d never talk to anyone about it. She’d have more of a reason to keep it secret than anyone. In a snap second, I made a decision. As her hand started pulling away, I reached out and grabbed it.

“Huh?” She made a surprised noise.

“Is that so? Tell me more.” I responded, putting her hand back on my leg.

She didn’t glance back over at me. Actually, the complete opposite. She stared forward so hard that you would swear all of her focus was on the road. Yet, her hand didn’t move away from my leg. Half of me was screaming that this was wrong and I was an idiot. That other half of me was extremely turned on. Ever so slowly, my pants started to fill out as one side started to present itself more and more.

“You know…” She suddenly spoke, partially like she was talking to herself, “My husband and I haven’t had sex in ages.”

“R-really?” I didn’t know what else to respond with, but clearly, I knew where her mind was.

“He never wants to experiment. The other day, I wanted him to go down on me and he told me to take care of it myself. I never even got to experience anal.”

“A-anal?” Her mind had already jumped to full sex, she was moving fast even for me.

As she spoke, her hand had started to gently stroke up and down my thigh. My dick was now hard, and if she just glanced over, she’d see how aroused I was. I was just a little tempted, but with the smallest provocation, things had already gotten to this extent. Now I was a bit scared. Once again, she mistook what I said.

“Anal is when you stick it in the butthole, darling.” She responded.

Of course, I knew that! Did she think I was an innocent virgin? Well, admittedly, yesterday, I hadn’t even had sex yet, but I at least knew stuff and watched porn. I actually rather favored anal. Then a thought came to me. This was another world where everything was backward.

“Wait! Your butt or his?” I let out a cry.

She burst out laughing. “You’re really cute when you’re flustered.”

She had slowed her driving down, and suddenly her hand went up my thigh and touched my dick.

“Oh my… someone is hard, isn’t he? Is this talk turning you on?” Her fingers wrapped around my dick through the pants without hesitation.

“Ah!” I let out a noise at the sudden feel.

“Hehe… no need to be embarrassed. I’m really wet too.”

She actually grabbed my hand and then put it up her skirt. My hand touched the underwear underneath and I realized it really was wet under there. My hand pulled away.

“It won’t bite…” She laughed. “Isn’t it way wetter than my daughters? It’s tighter too.”

I wanted to call bullshit instantly! I guessed tightness would be equivalent to bigness for guys, but that wasn’t something she could control. She had pushed a baby out that thing! There was no way she was tighter. She seemed to see the disbelief in my eyes, and somehow that excited her more. Her fingers were now excitedly stroking the head of my cock as she drove with one hand.

“I know what you thinking…” She laughed. “I pushed a baby out there, how can I be tighter?”

“…” Well, she wasn’t wrong.

“It’s simple. It’s a little thing called kegels.”

“Kegels?” I had only vaguely heard the name before, but I couldn’t recall.

“Believe it or not, the pussy is a muscle, and that muscle can be trained. Young girls like Samantha are too naïve and embarrassed. They depend on their virgin status to be tight enough to please a guy, but all that does it makes it hard to stick it in. Mature women like me practice. We not only can go a lot longer, but we can squeeze on command. I don’t mean to brag, but I could grab your cock tighter than a virgin loli!”

It turned out that Jennifer was far more perverted than I had ever anticipated. I could only give a noncommittal noise because I had no clue what to say to anything, she was telling me. It was almost an overload finding out just how lewd this woman was. I felt like I was floating in a dream and was just waiting to wake up.

Yet, even after a moment, I was still in the car with her, and her hand was still stroking the head of my cock. Wet fluid from pre-ejaculate had created a spot on the end of my pants, but she didn’t mind as she continued to rub it. It was at that moment I realize that she had missed the turn to my house and was driving somewhere else.

“Wh-where are we going?” I asked nervously.

“Ah, just thought we could go somewhere private.” She responded.

“Um… actually, I kind of need to get home.” I knew I was suddenly chickening out, but it turned out that this was too big of a step for me.

I was only a virgin 24 hours ago. Upgrading to a horny MILF was too big of a step for me. I needed to start a bit smaller here.

“How about we just park somewhere secluded, and then I finish you off?” She asked, glancing at me and biting her lip.

“S-Samantha…” she blinked as I said that word. “That’s right, we can’t, because of Samantha.” Even I barely knew what I meant.

Somehow, the half of me that was too frightened was starting to win out now. It got too real too quickly. Samantha was just as innocent as me, so teasing her was fun. Jennifer was completely different, and even if it lost me my man card, I suddenly wanted to put a stop to it.

“When I’m done, you won’t even be thinking of Samantha…” She purred, turning into an alley, pulling up and stopping.

Glancing around, I realized we were hidden between two buildings and there was no light. It was actually a perfect place to park without being seen. Had she been heading for this place from the get-go, or was it pure luck that she happened to turn here?

“S-Samantha’s mom…”

“Just call me Jennifer.” She said, moving forward across the seat and then smiling seductively. “Or, you can call me mommy if you like.”

“Y-you’re husband…” I barely managed to get out before she put a finger over my lips.

“This will just be our little secret, okay? I’ll make you feel really good, I promise.” She leaned close to my ear. “Don’t worry, I know you want this as bad as I do.”

Although somewhere in the back of my mind, I knew this scene would be horrifying by this world’s standard, I was still a man at heart. She was a sexy woman who was coming on to me hard, and those words were like dangling a steak in front of a starving person. It wasn’t scary, but rather incredibly hot! My lips found hers, and I suddenly found myself kissing this beautiful older woman.

It had only been fifteen minutes since the start of this car ride, yet things had already progressed to this point. While our tongues danced excitedly in each other’s mouths, her hands worked with precision to fish out my penis. Once she had it completely out and stroked it a few times with her hands, she broke her kiss from me.

“It’s okay to cum in my mouth if you want.” She chuckled. “Stupid little girls like my daughter will spit, but I always swallow.”

As if to punctuate that fact, she opened her mouth and swallowed my dick. My eyes bulged as she didn’t hesitate to deep throat the whole thing. She definitely couldn’t have done that much without practice. However, it kind of made sense for this world.

Men in the old world would try to last the longest they could. Some would take penis pills, practice with toys, or read manuals with hopes they could satisfy a woman. Therefore, women in this world were probably just as insecure. She had clearly practiced deepthroating and supposedly Kegels as well, all for a guy who didn’t appreciate her. So, who cared if I had my fun with her? Why should her tight pussy and amazing mouth go to waste?

I leaned back and decided to enjoy the ride. It had already gotten to this point. Wasn’t it every man’s dream to have a daughter and mother combo? Maybe I’d even get them both at the same time? I’d really need to play my cards right with Samantha though.

“Ahhhh….” I moaned as she sucked deeply on my cock.

She hadn’t come up for air once, sucking hard on the glands with my cock head pushed against the back of her throat. It felt absolutely amazing. My hands grabbed the back of her head and I ran my fingers through her soft hair.

This world was actually really amazing, right? I was letting myself get worked up over the fact everything was reversed, but why should I? Isn’t it great that women are aggressive with sex? It’s like I have a superpower! I can fuck any woman I want! Rather than wondering what I should do, I should just take advantage of this world while it’s still this way. Who knows, tomorrow, this woman could be back to her regular, kitchen mom self who wouldn’t do this kind of affair in a million years. Samantha could go back to ignoring me. I could end up back in the virgin zone. In that case, I should just enjoy it all as much as I can!

With conviction growing in my eyes, I began to thrust my cock into Jennifer’s throat. Her suction was too good though, and even though I had already cum with Samantha, I found myself cumming again. True to her word, she sucked it all down. When she was done, she pulled away, licking her lips like she just had a treat.

“Mm… you taste like cherries.” She said.

Another bullshit line, but I kept myself from laughing in her face. Instead, I made a light chuckle that I hoped she interpreted as nervous.

“Was it good?” She asked.

I nodded, trying not to say anything so that I appeared shy and bashful.

“I’m glad.” She smiled and then sighed. “I want to fuck you so bad, but my husband is going to start wondering where I am if we take any longer.”

“R-right…”

“I’ll take you home, okay?”

“Wh-what about you?” I asked, looking down at her skirt, which was up a bit.

She laughed, pulling it down. “You’re really cute. Don’t worry about me. I’m a big girl, but I like how you think. A lot of guys don’t care about the girl once they’re done.”

Even with reversed values, it seemed like there were some biological things that couldn’t be reversed. A guy blew his load and then it went soft and he lost a lot of his sex drive. Poor women in this world. At least in my world, men were the chasers of sex, so they had an incentive to last longer and satisfy the women. In this world, they were selfish lovers. It probably was rare for women to climax during sex. That meant, between worlds, on top of everything else, women in this world were hornier and more sex-deprived.

True to her word, Jennifer drove me home without incident. She had been a bit forceful for a bit, but she hadn’t lied at all. I did really enjoy it, and she hadn’t even pushed me. I had put my dick away and we had moved in silence. She would occasionally glance at me and smile. It was clear that she was into me. It was weird coming from an adult woman who was twice my age, yet also kind of hot.

Just as she pulled up into the driveway, she grabbed my knee. “You should stop by more often.”

“Ah… yes.” I said, not sure how else to respond.

Then, glancing around and seeing no one peaking out my windows and her headlight on blinding anyone if they did look, I leaned over and kissed her cheek real quick. She blushed in a satisfying way, but just as I went to leave, her hand suddenly reached out and grabbed my dick.

“You fucking tease!” She responded, her eyes shooting me a horny glare.

She let go a second later and wasn’t even looking at me by the time I recovered. Her eyes remained ahead as if it hadn’t even happened. I slowly got out and then closed the door. Without another word or looking at me, she reversed out of the driveway and then drove off.

My first day in a new world and I had already experienced so many things. I returned back to the house, a dazed expression still on my face. I couldn’t imagine what tomorrow would bring.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

That night, I snuck into the house. Thankfully, mom was already asleep. As for my sisters, I heard the television on, but I didn’t get close enough to see who was awake. Rather than the typical late-night drama or talk show that was usually on, it appeared to be a sports game.

After everything I had experienced that day, I just wanted to rest. I wasn’t in the mood to end up in an uncomfortable discussion with my sisters, so I made sure to remain as quiet as possible. Once I entered my room and closed the door, I flicked on the light and leaned against it, taking a breath. Then, my eyes turned to pinpricks.

“What the…”

I was standing in my room, but it also wasn’t my room. The same basic things were there. Thankfully, it wasn’t a pink room filled with dolls or something. However, it was much cleaner. Everything was tidy and folded. Stuffed animals that I had stuffed in my closet since I turned 10 were now out and covering my bed. I walked over to my neatly organized desk and picked up a picture of my family.

It was a picture I remembered taking, but it was completely different at the same time. It contained me, my mother, and all of my sisters. I remembered my mother and sisters were getting annoyed at me because I wouldn’t smile for it. In truth, they put me in this uncomfortable monkey suit and all the girls wore dresses. I was uncomfortable and fidgety and the lights were hot. In the end, mom got her perfect picture, but the smile on my face was forced. If you looked carefully, you’d see my sisters sort of leaning away and looking disdainfully in my direction as if I smelled bad.

In this image, all of the girls seemed distracted. In fact, it looked like they weren’t taking the picture seriously at all. Mom had a strangely serious expression on her face like she had just finished yelling at them. As for me, I was in the same spot, but my smile seemed genuine. Even though my position in the picture didn’t change, the positions of all of my sisters did. They were leaning into me, and I almost seemed like the center of the family, rather than the outcast.

I looked around and eventually found my video games. However, instead of being out and easily accessible, they were hidden away in a drawer where I normally stashed my porn, as if I didn’t want anyone to see I played games. As for my porn, it was nowhere to be found. The only thing I could find was a single novel on my bedside which I would have thought was a trashy romance, except it had a hot, topless woman on the front instead of a man. It was sitting by itself, despite the woman’s tits being in clear view. Everything was the same, and everything was different. It was simply too much to wrap my head around.

I let out a sigh, pulled off my clothing, and jumped into bed. That night, I had a strange dream where a female doctor was trying to stick a thermometer up my butt, and no matter what I said, she kept forcing me. I was powerless as she stripped me down and bent me over a cold table. I had many dreams start out this way, but this one felt uniquely like a nightmare. As the icy cold thing slipped inside, I awoke, sitting up quickly. It was early morning according to the clock.

I ended up coming face to face with my youngest sister, Bethany. I was a bit surprised she was in my room. She never went near me. She thought I was gross. Of all of my sisters, her words were often the cruelest. Then again, if she didn’t want to be looked at with lewd looks, she shouldn’t dress so provocatively around the house. Even now, she was wearing these loose shorts with various holes in them. It looked like she wasn’t wearing underwear. She also wore a tight-fitting spaghetti strap shirt. It was the kind of outfit no 13-year-old girl should wear, but this was her typical pajamas around the house.

She jumped back, and I felt something below as she pulled her hand away from my lap. I glanced down to see that I had a tent in my underwear. I Immediately tossed my blanket over it and looked at her apologetically. She was definitely going to get upset after seeing that. She would call me a creepy pervert and then she’d race out of the room. I opened my mouth to apologize profusely when she suddenly bowed her head.

“Brother, your door was unlocked! I’m sorry! I didn’t see anything! It’s my mistake!” She spun and ran for the door.

“W-wait!”

She ignored me and ran out the door, slamming it behind her. A thought hit me and I looked down at my pants again.

“Was she… touching it?”

That was a crazy thought. There was no way my thirteen-year-old sister would touch her big brother’s erection while he was sleeping, right? I heard the thumping of feet from the next bedroom over. Oh great, Mackenzie heard the door slam and she was coming to yell at me.

As soon as she reached my door, I yelled. “Bethany slammed the door, not me!”

The door ended up opening anyway. “Of course, it was Bethany! That pervert! Brother, she didn’t do anything weird, did she-“

Mackenzie froze, her eyes widening as she looked at me. I had sat up in bed with my blanket in my lap. At first, I thought I still had my erection exposed, but the blanket was definitely covering it and it was starting to go away anyway.

“B-brother!” She cried out in a strangely cute voice and then covered her eyes. “Y-y-you’re chest!”

I looked down at my chest and then back up at her with a confused expression. It was only then that the previous day came back to me. Since the moment I had gotten hit by that car, it had all felt like some kind of surreal dream. Part of me had thought it really was a dream. Yet, looking around my room, it was still the clean thing I had seen last night.

In this world, men’s chests were erotic whereas women’s chests were not. That romance book showing a woman’s chest suggested that this was the case. Therefore, it would be the same as if I walked in on my sister changing. I raised up my blanket awkwardly over my chest. I tried to put on an angry expression, but considering I didn’t grow up ever having concerned myself with this kind of thing, I really couldn’t. In fact, I was more intrigued by her reaction rather than the fact that she saw my bare chest.

The result of my attempt to look upset was that my cheeks puffed out and I looked pouty. At that point, a sentence leaped into my mind that almost caused me to chuckle. I had wanted to say this to one of my sisters since forever. Of course, in my old world, there was never an opportunity.

“Sister is a pervert!”

It felt so vindicating after years of abuse. Unfortunately, even if my sisters did do anything perverse, I had never caught them doing it. They say that women are just as horny as men. Women were even known to masturbate themselves. Yet, as many times as the girls walked in on me or accused me of these perverted actions, I had never managed to catch a single one of them looking at a naughty book or touching themselves. It was one of the greatest injustices of my life, and now I had managed to finally have a reason to accuse one of them of being a pervert for a change.

Yet, the reaction from my sister wasn’t what I expected. A bit of blood suddenly leaked down her nose.

“S-so cute!” She muttered, half to herself.

“What?” I jumped out of bed and grabbed a tissue.

“B-b-brother?” As I ran to her in nothing but my underwear, my sister suddenly panicked. “Wh-wh-wh-what are you doing?”

Yet, she didn’t move as I grabbed her and put the tissue to her face. “You’re bleeding!”

“Ah…” It only seemed like she realized it now, her eyes turned in an unnatural way as if she was making a distinct attempt to not look at me.

At that moment, Kelsey was running down the hall. Just as she passed us, her eyes locked on me. She kept running, but she was no longer looking in front of her. She ended up tripping and then slamming to the ground.

The sound caused the door across from me to open, and Kristy popped her head out. “Be more careful, I…”

Her eyes suddenly fell on me in the hallway and her mouth fell open.

Was my appearance shirtless really that alarming? Mackenzie, realizing the two girls behind me were looking, suddenly grabbed me and pushed me into the room, closing the door behind us. I kept the tissue on her nose, but she grabbed it.

“B-brother… show some modesty!” She cried while slapping my hands away.

“You’re the one bleeding, pervert!” I shot back, immensely enjoying calling her a pervert.

“It was just dry in my room! That’s all!” She tried to pull my hands away. “I got it! I can take care of it. Please put on some clothing! You’re in a house full of girls! You should keep your door locked when you’re indecent!”

“Who is indecent!” I shot back, fighting with her.

With a yank, my hands fell away, but then I fell forward and both hands grabbed the next thing down her body. That ended up being her chest. I froze, but my fingers, they had a mind of their own. They suddenly squeezed. Her breasts were small and soft. Each one was about a perfect handful. I closed my eyes. Damn… as much as I called her a pervert, I was the real pervert. Here I was feeling up my sister! I waited for her to hit me.

“Brother… put on a shirt already…” Her voice sounded a little breathy.

I opened one eye, and then the other. Mackenzie had her head turned away from me, but I could see her blushing. Her chest was out, and my hands were certainly there, one grabbing each. However, she wasn’t reacting to it at all. I squeezed again for good measure.

“Why do you keep touching my chest?” She said, “It feels funny when you do it.”

I gulped, staring at this world’s Mackenzie. The old Mackenzie would have kicked my ass. This Mackenzie stood there while I fondled her breasts while looking the cutest I had ever seen her. I suddenly felt a bit of raw desire. No! That’s my sister! If I went for that, I’d truly be a degenerate!

I licked my lips instead. “D-do you like it when I touch your chest?”

She finally turned and looked at me. Her eyes suddenly held a tinge of longing. This was a sister who actually loved me. It somehow felt warm and comforting.

The door burst open, “What is this about forcing my son into his bedroom naked!”

“Ah!” Mackenzie panicked again when she heard mom burst in. “It’s not what it looks like!”

“Woah!” Mom cried out when she saw my chest and spun around. “Noah, put on a shirt. Mackenzie, get your ass out here!”

“I was trying to get him to put on a shirt, I swear!”

Smack!

Mom smacked Mackenzie on the back of the head. “He’s your little brother! What’s wrong with you?”

“I’m innocent, I’m innocent!”

“It’s my fault!” I called out for some reason.

In the past, I would have gleefully watched as Mackenzie got in trouble. Suddenly, I didn’t like it at all. I hastily pulled a shirt on to cover myself up, and then I yelled to stop them from fighting. Mom glanced back at me, and her expression which looked angry at Mackenzie suddenly turned soft.

“No one blames you, sweetie. Please, just remember to keep your door locked. You can’t trust a house full of girls.”

“Mom! Please!” I cried out, grabbing her arm. “I just… wasn’t thinking, is all. Yesterday…”

Mom let go of Mackenzie’s arm. Mackenzie looked at me and then blushed, then ran to her room and shut it to hide from mom. Mom then turned and put her hand on my forehead.

“London said the doctor gave you the okay after the examination, but are you sure you’re okay? She said that with a concussion, you might have some… mood changes? Although, how can you tell with men, right? So emotional…”

“Eh?”

“S-sorry…” She gave me an awkward slap on the back. “Tomorrow, you’re going back to school, but if you’re still not feeling well, I’ll call you off and you can stay home, okay sweetie?”

“Ah… okay, Mom.” I couldn’t keep from frowning slightly.

Mother would have always made me go to school in the past, even if I was legitimately ill! This woman was a lot more easy-going. I could tell that she really cared about me. In fact, it seemed like all of the women in my life were a lot easier to read. In the past, I felt like I never knew what they were thinking. Now, it was quite easy to understand things.

“Ahem… well.” Mom looked around the room uneasily. “How about I let you get dressed? Then you can come down and make breakfast. When you didn’t come down early like you always do, I got worried. Then Kelsey said she saw you naked and that Mackenzie pushed you in a room and I freaked.”

“You want me to cook?”

“Huh? Don’t you always cook? The girls will take care of themselves for lunch, but you make breakfast every morning and dinner every night.”

“Ah… r-right.”

I really didn’t know how to cook! This was going to be a disaster. They were definitely going to find out I was a fraud. Well, I had until dinner to worry about that. I could probably manage to cook up eggs and bacon. I can manage that much, at least.

Mom smiled again and then turned to leave, but a thought came to me.

“Um… mom?”

“Yeah?” She looked back.

“Uh… can I… uh… can I see your chest? Like bare?”

This was a test. I just wanted to test and see if my thoughts were right. I wasn’t being lewd!

“You want to see my tits?” Her expression immediately turned weird.

“Hah… I mean… like…” I tried to quickly come up with an excuse to sidestep this.

“Here you go, sweetie.”

Without a moment of hesitation, she reached down and lifted up her shirt. She wasn’t wearing a bra. Her breasts were big and impressive. They sagged a bit with time, but they were still incredible for a woman her age. My mother and sisters were all very beautiful women. I was the only one who didn’t seem to inherit the hot gene. I was only an average looking guy at best.

Staring at her chest, I tried to keep my chin from falling. I couldn’t believe she was flashing me so easily, but it did prove my theory about men and women.

“Hehe… Do you like them? They’re much bigger than your sisters, right? That’s cause I’m older. They’ll get big ones like these once they pop out a baby… or seven, haha.”

“Right…”

“You want to touch them? They’re soft.”

“N-no!” I couldn’t even believe she asked that.

“Haha… you used to suck on them when you were a baby…” She shook them in my direction.

“M-mom…” I blushed, looking away.

“Hehe… I know when boys turn your age, they start to get curious about girls. It’s okay for you to admire big womanly chests.”

“Mom!”

“Just know you’re not dating any girls unless they have got a bigger chest than mine.”

“Stop!”

“Hahaha…” She finally pulled her shirt back down while laughing at my expense.

I barely managed to force her out the door as she seemed to grow more and more inappropriate. She finally let me close the door on her and then she wandered off down the hallway while laughing to herself. I locked the door this time, finally affording myself some true peace and quiet. I couldn’t even begin to contemplate how things had ended up this way. After mentally recovering for a few moments, I went and put on some clothing.

Most of my stuff was more stylish than it used to be, but I managed to find something that I could still wear. Just a t-shirt and jeans, really. Strangely, the jeans had no pockets, which was really annoying. When I finished, I looked at the door leading to the rest of my family. This was only day two of my strange new life. What was I going to find next?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After recovering from my odd encounter with my mother and sisters that was completely different from what I was used to, I walked cautiously out my door. I was wearing a pair of jeans and a shirt. Both were a bit tighter than I was used to, but they weren’t something I would not have worn in my old world. I cautiously looked around, almost afraid to encounter my sisters. They had changed so drastically that I had become extremely wary of them.

Mackenzie was still in her room from where she fled after that strange moment in my bedroom. I couldn’t even wrap my head around it. Did we almost kiss? I felt up my sister’s chest, and not only did I get no repercussions, but she was the one embarrassed and hiding in her room. Kristy and Kelsey were also in their room. Usually, the girls left their doors open unless they saw me walking by. They would then deliberately close it as if they had been waiting just to shut it in my face. Now, the doors were already closed, every girl demanding privacy.

It was the same with Bethany too. Four sisters, three closed doors. That was when I came across the first door that was open. Well, calling it open was a bit off. It was only open a crack. It was as if Dawn had closed the door, but forgot to latch it all the way. Our of pure curiosity, I peaked through the crack in her room.

So messy! Her bed wasn’t made, and there was stuff all over the floor. It looked really dirty. There was no light on at all. Instead, there was a computer in the corner that offered the only glow in the room. Dawn herself was sitting on a chair. I couldn’t see anything but the top of her head from the angle the crack afforded me, but I could see her computer. Also, as my eyes adjusted, I could hear something being said over her speakers, although they were down low.

“Ah… Ah… Ah… Fuck yeah! You’re grabbing my dick. It feels so good.”

“Hehe… Do you like that pussy? Take that pussy! Fuck it!”

My eyes popped wide as there was clear porn on the computer screen. There was a girl there, but the camera was completely focused on the guy. You could hear her talking, but she was just a disembodied pussy that seemed to be bouncing up and down on this cock excitedly. Meanwhile, the guy had a silly expression his face and seemed to be lying back, barely doing anything while she rode his cock for all it was worth.

I accidentally leaned forward a bit, and the door widened. The extra light from the hallways flooded into the room. There was a click and the porn minimized, and then Dawn spun around. She had a confused but angry expression on her face. When her eyes landed on me, they turned white, and then she bared her teeth angrily.

“Get out of my room, Noah!”

“Eh?”

“Damn, you’re so annoying!”

She got up and started walking toward me. However, she was in her underwear and nothing else. I could see her entire body. Dawn was a nerdy girl with glasses and twin tails. She wasn’t thin or athletic, but a bit plump. This didn’t mean she wasn’t cute. All of my sisters were hot, but she had low self-esteem because of her weight and glasses. She also didn’t get a whole lot of sun, giving her a pale look. Basically, she was your typical nerd girl. Fantasy girl to all male nerds, but spurned by most women.

“Sister, I…” I wanted to apologize about seeing her almost naked, but she didn’t seem to care at all.

She shoved me out and then slammed the door in my face. Somehow, this felt like it always did, yet it was all completely different.

Her room smelled of something too. Was it kind of a fishy smell? When she pushed me, her hand had a scent on it. It felt somewhat familiar like I had smelled it yesterday when I was with Sam. She wasn’t… it wasn’t… I shook my head, deciding it wasn’t something I needed to dwell on. I finally turned away and headed out to the kitchen. I had wasted enough time.

“London?” I was really surprised to see her there when I walked into the kitchen.

I noticed that she was cooking food in the oven.

“Noah! You’re up, I’m relieved.”

“Really?”

“Mm!” She nodded. “I was still worried about you after last night. I was so busy that I had to just leave you like that, but I wanted to follow up and make sure you’re still good. Stupid mom here was trying to make you cook after suffering from a head trauma!”

She nodded into the living room, which could be seen from the kitchen. Mom was sitting in a chair and seemed to ignore London. She had a shirt on, but she was sitting in her panties like this was normal. She was watching the television, which appeared to be another sports game. Even when I was a guy, I didn’t understand the appeal of sports. Watching mom watch it so intently; it filled me with an odd feeling.

At least I wouldn’t need to worry about cooking right now. My skills really were basic.

“You are doing okay, aren’t you?”

“Ah!” I turned and made a noise of surprise when I realized London was right next to me.

She reached out and touched my forehead with her cool hands. She was really close to me, and I wondered if when I gave her a peck on the cheek if it had affected her more than I thought it would.

I suddenly had a massive urge just to come clean and tell her everything. I had spoken to Sam, but she hadn’t believed most of what I told her. In the end, I had only gotten her in a bunch of trouble, and she wasn’t able to help me at all. London was kind of different though. She was older, and she had someone. There wouldn’t be that weird tension between her and I like there would be between a girl and a guy. Plus, she was pre-med, so she was smart and probably had an idea or two on how to help me.

Instead, a strange thought came to me, and my hand darted out and pinched her nipple. She made a noise and pulled away. I jumped for a second, seeing her react like a normal girl.

“Wh-what are you doing?” She said, covering her chest and blushing.

My mouth fell open. For a moment, it felt like everything had returned to normal. Then, my mother spoke up.

“Haha… Noah has been interested in girl’s chests lately. You should show him your tits.”

She shot her mother a look, and then her eyes widened, and she grabbed my arm, pulling me away. I was surprised by her sudden movement, but she had a serious look on her face. Only when we were hidden away and out of mom’s view did she whisper in a low voice.

“You didn’t, did you?”

“Huh? What?”

“With that… girl! You didn’t let her… you know… sex?”

I blinked, surprised that such an innocuous action had caused her to guess the truth instantly. Last night, she had driven me to Sam’s house. Now, she was afraid that I did have sex with Sam, and it was why I was acting so weird today. It looked like her parents didn’t tell my mom. Maybe they didn’t want to have that conversation. If the roles were reversed, who would want to call a girl’s father to tell him their son banged her while at their house?

The tone of her voice was starting to annoy me. In fact, this whole world was starting to annoy me. Why was my sex life her problem? Why was my sex life anyone’s problem? Why did people keep overlooking things or treating me differently? I hadn’t changed at all. The whole world had gone crazy, though.

“What of it?” I crossed my arms. “What does it matter if I had sex? Don’t you have sex with your fiancé?”

“Y-you’re too young!” She snapped and then blushed. “And if you must know, we haven’t done any of that.”

“What?”

“He wants to save it until we’re married…” London said, looking distantly before shooting me a glare. “As should you!”

“What if I want to have sex now?”

“You… you’re a boy… you just need to…”

I had only been in this world for two days, and I had already gotten sick of hearing the words “you’re a boy”. I damn well know I’m a boy, but that doesn’t mean I’m any different than before! I wanted to shock her. Or confuse her. Or just stop her by any means possible. I didn’t know what was going through my mind, but my hand suddenly came out, and I brought my hand up her skirt and touched her right there.

“I want you to be my first!”

I had already lost my first to Sam, but how could London know that? I was just trying to shock her. It worked because she suddenly gasped, and words stopped coming from her mouth. Her eyes widened for a moment. Then her expression turned a bit serious. I guess I really had gone too far. She suddenly grabbed my arms tightly. It was a little painful. I got it; I was stupi-

Her lips pressed against mine. All thoughts disappeared as a tongue slipped into my mouth. My 24 year old sister was kissing me. A hot college grad with large breasts, a great body, and more besides was kissing me aggressively, and my hand was squeezed between her thighs, touching her underwear. It felt like she was getting wet, but it could have just been sweat. As for me, I felt incredibly dizzy, but my body also responded.

She finally pulled her lips away. “No… I’m getting married; I can’t…”

I leaned forward and then kissed her neck, sucking it roughly. Her thighs relaxed slightly, and it allowed me to move my fingers. I started stroking the soft linen material down there. I could feel the lips through the cloth. My fingers moved along them more and more. I could hear her breathing growing ragged in my ears. My head felt hot, and I couldn’t believe that this was all it took.

Her hand had started grabbing my dick. She was rubbing it with her hand excitedly through my pants. Her other hand grabbed and squeezed my chest, massaging it like I might have grabbed her tits. We kissed again, this time more intensely. Her fingers were moving quickly up and down my shaft, stroking me through my pants. Not wanting to be outdone, my fingers stroked her just as fast. Now, she was definitely wet, but I wasn’t much a better, a wet spot forming on the tent of my pants.

“Brother… fuck…” She whispered erotically. “Your cock feels so good.”

“You want my cock inside you?” I responded, lazily kissing her cheek and neck while she did the same to me.

“Damn… you’re such a fucking tease.”

“I don’t have to be…”

“Please, you’re going to make me do something we’ll regret. I’m not a good girl. If you let me, I will wreck your dick.” She purred, her eyes filled with lust.

“Ah… fuuuuu-!” I hissed as I came in my pants.

The words, the movements, and the feel of her body were more than I could take, and I found myself cumming before I could even do anything.

“Brother creamed his underwear…” She moaned, kissing my lips one more time.

“Hey, is something burning in there?” Mom’s voice broke us apart quickly.

The eggs on the stove were in fact smoking, and London ran over and immediately pulled it off. “Shit!”

I stood in the corner, still panting. There was now a big dirty wet spot on my pants. I was frozen though, completely unable to wrap my head around what just happened. My sister had jacked me off through my pants. I could still smell her pussy on my fingertips. This literally just happened.

Once London calmed down the kitchen, she walked over to me and whispered. “Go change your pants, Noah.”

“Y-yeah…” I went to walk by her and then she grabbed my shirt, stopping me.

“This is… our little secret?”

“Yeah.” I nodded, heading back to my room.

As I walked down the hallway, Kelsey ran out of her room. She was only in her underwear. She was also holding a bra which she was waving in her hands.

“Give it back, you bitch!” Kristy snapped, running out the open door and trying to hit Kelsey.

“You’ll have to do better than that, twinsy!” Kelsey ran down the hall, jumping around me and taking off into the living room.

Kristy glared at her as she left, but didn’t follow. Her breasts were in full view, and she only had panties and shorts on. She noticed me looking at her and suddenly blushed.

“S-sorry brother.” She nodded politely and then went back into her room.

Neither girl had noticed my wrecked pants nor cared that I saw them almost naked. I reentered my room, closed and locked the door, and then curled up on my bed. Maybe I wasn’t ready to face my second day in this world just yet.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I'll be back later!” I called out before slamming the door and nearly running to my bike.

I pedaled quickly and didn’t stop until my house was out of sight. Only then, I slowed down and took a breath. I didn’t want to have to encounter anyone, so I snuck to the door, and then fled. Everything at home had been way too much for me. Dealing with my sisters the way they were now was a lot to take in. I was confused, horny, and a bit ashamed.

Playing around with people I barely knew, or a childhood friend I hadn’t talked to in months, that was one thing. To see my sisters running around topless and my mom acting like a pervert, it really was a brain overload. I needed to spend some time to myself, and I’d never get that at home, locked in that room of mine that isn’t really my room. I needed a breather, and a chance to deal with things myself.

There was one problem. I had no clue where I wanted to go. I slowed down my bike and started to catch my breath. Why don’t I think about it rationally? I was in a world where men were chased after and women were rather easy. I remembered watching a video once where they sent a guy and a girl out, each asking 100 random strangers for anonymous sex. The man couldn’t find a single woman who said yes, while the woman had around half of the men say yes. That was without a conversation, just walking up and saying, let’s fuck!

Some argued that the evidence was skewed because of this reason or that, but I still thought it was pretty telling. Whether women wanted it or not, they were taught to reject it outright. Since the values in this world were reversed, then that meant it was now men who were chaste and women who sought out sex. I didn’t know how long this world would remain this way. It was too much to believe it was just a dream at this point, but that didn’t mean this world might turn back to normal tomorrow.

So, the question I should be asking myself is what should I try out while things were still crazy. What things have I always wanted to do that I never got to do? Shouldn’t I take advantage of this? In many ways, it’s every guy’s dream to be in a world like this. So, pretending that I only had the world in this state for the next twenty-four hours, what should I do?

While I was contemplating that question while half-standing, half-sitting on my bike, a car pulled up next to me and a window rolled down. I glanced over to see a woman peaking her head out. She was a middle-aged woman. She was neither particularly pretty nor particularly ugly. She mid-length straight brown hair, brown eyes, average tits, and wore typical jeans and a shirt. There was nothing remarkable about her. She was a pretty average woman who normally I would have ignored and would likely have ignored me in the old world.

“Hey, beautiful, you need a ride?” She asked, giving me a smile that I felt was slightly off.

“Seriously? I’m sixteen!” I said in a flabbergasted voice.

She blushed ashamedly, but recovered quickly. “Y-you look older. It’s fine. I can take you wherever you want.”

“You want to fuck me?” My expression darkened as I managed to connect this scenario with my old world.

“Ah! N-no! I just was offering a ride! I swear!”

“You think I’m stupid?” I suddenly felt some anger bubbling inside me.

“I was just offering, damn, don’t be such a bitch!” Her expression turned ugly and she pulled away, ready to drive off.

I couldn’t exactly understand why I was upset, but partly it was because she was so blatant about her desires. It wasn’t even like she was being subtle. She drove over and offered a ride to a guy alone. I’m riding a bike! Did she expect me just to abandon it? She totally just wanted to fuck some cute sixteen-year-old.

Is that what I was in this world? Is it cute like my sisters were cute in the old world? I had to assume I must be at least somewhat attractive. There wasn’t just my sisters, my mom, and my friend, but my friend’s mom, the doctor, and even the first woman who hit me and caused me to end up in this world. They had all hit on me or seemed to desire me in one way or another.

So, I found myself in one of these situation’s women would talk about where they were creeped out because some older guy hit on them. Except, I didn’t feel creeped out at all. I felt annoyed. First off, I was already sexually frustrated because of everything I had to face at home. Then, as I’m trying to think about it, I suddenly have some woman in her thirties pulling over and hitting on me. She’s not as old as my mom, but she wasn’t young either.

A normal girl in this situation would run away and blog about how scared she was to her friends. However, I wasn’t normal. I was completely unlike them. So, how would I act in this situation? Still feeling angry, I opened the door and stepped into her car. Her eyes were wide as she had been just about to pull out of park when her door opened. She glanced over at me uncertainly. I met her gaze with a glare.

“It’s your lucky day! You get to fuck me! So, where are you going to fuck me? Do you just want to do it here, or do you got a house to go to?”

“S-seriously?”

“You’re wasting my time; you want me to leave?” I started to open the door.

“No!” She locked the door before I could pull the handle, looking desperate. “Ah… we can go to the motel!”

“Why not your place, you married?”

She blushed. “Y-yes…”

“Fucking creep.” I crossed my arms.

“…”

As I noticed her watching me, I gestured with my hand. “Well, go! If you want this dick, go get the motel!”

“Yes!’ She immediately pulled out of park and drove off.

I didn’t even know what I was doing. I just was feeling angry and confused, and it felt somehow good to drop anger on this random stranger. The fact she took it without complaint was strange, but also strangely exactly what was expected. I looked at the rearview mirror to see my bike lying abandoned on the sidewalk as we drove off. She looked ahead, her eyes only occasionally darting my way before she licked her lips. I didn’t say anything in response. My mind was numb at the moment, and I wasn’t really thinking about anything.

The drive was only five minutes, as there was a motel fairly close to my house. I had never stayed here, but I knew that during prom, students would try to rent out a couple of rooms for after-parties or sex. They had pretty lax rules here and didn’t ask questions when you had a fake ID, not that I was cool enough to have one.

Two minutes later, she had a key, and she parked us in front of a shitty motel room. She then looked over at me, like a sheep waiting for the shepherd. She was following my lead, afraid she’d spook me off and lose the chance at sex. Was this what it was like to be the gatekeeper of sex? I shook my head and got out the door, slamming it shut a bit too hard. She got out and went up to the motel room, unlocked the door, and the two of us walked inside.

It was small, smelled a bit, and had only one hard looking bed, but it was private enough.

“D-do you need to get ready?” She asked, nodding to the bathroom.

“Take off your pants,” I ordered.

“Yes!” She immediately stripped them off and flung them aside.

She was wearing some ugly cotton panties with various holes in them. They weren’t cute or sexy at all. Despite her hitting on me like a dog, it was clear that she wasn’t expecting to get this far today with anyone. A normal woman in my world would have turned down their closest lover if it meant that he saw her in the wrong underwear. This woman didn’t give a crap as long as she got laid.

I reached into my pants and then fished out my dick. As soon as it came out, she inhaled her breath, and her eyes were locked on it like a fat kid on cake.

“Suck my dick,” I ordered.

“Uh…” For the first time, she suddenly hesitated.

“What?”

“Ah… I don’t do that. I’ll give you as much cunt as you want, but I won’t put that dirty thing in my mouth.”

“Then, get the fuck out.”

Her eyes popped open. “Wh-what? D-don’t be hasty! Besides, you owe me! I already got this room!”

“I don’t owe you shit.” I responded, deflecting the typical man lines that she threw my way.

Her face turned dark and she looked as angry as me. “You little slut! Were you just going to be a cunt tease?”

“Cunt tease? Aren’t you the little bitch who won’t even put my cock in your mouth?”

Her expression grew even worse, and she reached out and grabbed my wrist. “Get in the bed, now!”

My eyes widened and then narrowed. “The fuck you think you doing?”

“Shut up, skank! I’m gonna ride that fucking cock of yours until I’m done!”

Somehow, this situation that should have been terrifying didn’t scare me at all. She was an older woman, but she was still four inches shorter than me and about fifty pounds lighter. My body didn’t change in this world, so I was going to guess I was still stronger than her.

Even before, I had heard that women could rape men. Women were able to coerce, scare, or otherwise confuse men into sex all the time. In this world, that had to be how it was done because when it came to physical strength, women were clearly weaker. That meant if rape was a problem in this world for men, it’d be 100% psychological.

For me, who didn’t grow up with this kind of conditioning, I had no problem showing my strength. I grabbed her wrist which was holding on to mine and then I pulled it off. She brought up her other hand to strike me, and then I grabbed that one too.

“You wish you could ride my cock!” I snorted, pushing her back down on to the bed.

“H-how are you so strong?” Her eyes which held anger and scorn started to grow worried and confused.

“Shut up and take my cock!” I shoved her down and got on top.

I let go of her hands, then lifted up her legs, ripping off her underwear before pinning her down. This wasn’t much different from the position I had used on Sam. Seeing the girl who thought to dominate me under me and unable to move, it filled me with a sense of satisfaction. My dick was already hard, and I could tell her pussy was wet. She was extremely horny, and her scent had started filling the air from the moment she removed her pants.

As soon as she realized I was going to fight her, her anger diminished and she didn’t try to push me off. Rather, her eyes seemed to shine bright and eagerly.

“Wh-what do you think you’re doing?” She demanded, but the horniest and perverse excitement in her eyes was something she was unable to hide.

Sliding my dick into the skank raw, I began to fuck her hard. Holding her legs tightly, I ploughed her pussy, only using a few strokes to wet my dick before I was shoving it into her as hard as I could thrust.

“Ah… damn! That feels good! You’re a freaky boy! I love it!” She moaned excitedly.

“Love this!” I snapped, grabbing the nipples of her breasts and twisting them until a bit of pain flashed on her face.

Yet, even with the pain, came only more perverse pleasure. She was a married woman, but thought nothing of picking up a sixteen-year-old boy she didn’t even know off the street, running to a hotel, and then fucking him without protection. It could easily be said that her limits were almost nonexistent. A normal woman might grow concerned, afraid, or modest when being abused or molested, but in this world, women adhered to a new norm. That norm was that they’d do anything to feel good!

Wouldn’t that make me the nympho who bit and scratched like an animal. She seemed completely unconcerned, and very forgiving of any pain and discomfort as long as she felt my dick inside her. I fucked her hard for several minutes, wet lewd sounds filling the air. However, the more I thought about how skanky this girl was, the more pissed off I got, and the more aggressive I became. I grabbed her hair and pulled it. I didn’t show any mercy, yanking her head like my own handle bars as I fucked her pussy hard.

“Ah…. Gah… Ahhhhn!”

She suddenly came like a fountain, shooting liquid all over my legs and cock. She liked that too. Her perverse nature seemed to come out the more I fucked her.

I spun around, turning away, so I didn’t have to see her perverse face. I was afraid if I kept looking at her, I might grow even more sadistic. Yet, in this position, her ass was right there. My hand went down and slapped it. I continued to piledrive her, and with each thrust, I would slap her ass. My cock went so hard that my balls slapped her pussy, and with my hands smacking her ass, the motel room was filled with the sounds of flesh against flesh.

The only thing louder was her own moaning, which she didn’t quiet down at all. I always had the impression in my old world that women moaned loudly, and men were quiet. If that was supposed to be reversed, then I was an abnormally quiet man. However, next to this woman who moans like a pornstar, maybe my perceptions were incorrect. Or, maybe no matter how much you took womanly aspects from a woman when it came to their base instincts, they were still naughty sluts.

“Fuck! Fuck! Damn! You are crazy! Fuck… I’m cumming again!”

“Aren’t you the disgusting pervert getting off on this?”

“Hah… Hah… I fucking love you. You’re amazing. Nothing like my husband.”

“Don’t make me sick! You’re just garbage…”

“Ahhnn… ahhhnnn… ahnnn…”

The more abusive the language I threw at her, the more ecstatic she grew. She came countless times, and my legs were growing tired, and my balls were growing sore. Since I hadn’t been particularly attracted to her, and even grew a bit disgusted with her, I had managed to hold off cumming far better than I did was Sam. We lasted for a good ten minutes. As we went, it seemed like nothing could offend her, and she happily took all of the abuse.

In the end, my anger wore out first. The feel of her cunt did feel good, no matter what. She wasn’t unhygienic, and she wasn’t ugly, so there was nothing about her that kept me from enjoying this. Thus, once I exhausted my fury on her and found her still wanting, I finally reached my limit.

“I’m gonna cum deep in your pussy!” I said through gritted teeth as I realized my cock was already starting to cum.

“Cum! Fill this pussy up! Fill it up!” She cried.

I ended up cumming deep inside her, rich gobs of hot nectar bursting deep inside her womb. When I finished cumming, the exhaustion of what I was doing caught up with me. I ended up collapsing down next to her.

“Hah… Hah…” She panted noisily. “That was the best fuck of my life. Holy shit. Are you really a teenager?”

“Why, feeling disgusted with yourself?”

“Hehe… what? The age of consent is sixteen here. You’re old enough. You should be my boyfriend. We can do it raw all the time. If I get pregnant, I’ll just have my husband raise it. Haha.”

“If you're done, just get the hell out of here,” I muttered, suddenly feeling slightly sick and turning away from her.

“Whatever… you are just crazy, but that’s the best part.” She sat up, reached over, and slapped my butt. “I’ll take my leave first. You can keep the motel tonight if you want. Just don’t fuck any other girls in it, okay! I’d get really mad.”

“Hmm…” I responded noncommittally, my head still in a pillow as I lay away from her.

She got up and stretched, then went and grabbed her underwear and pants and sat on the foot of the bed. I just lay there naked and waited in silence. She put her clothing back on, checked herself in the mirror, and then eyed me, a worried look on her face.

“Look, you sexy dick, I’m not sure what you’re going through. Bad breakup. Drugs. Money Problems. All of the above. I don’t really care that much, but you’re okay on your own, right?”

“…”

She sighed and scratched her head, “I was joking about the boyfriend thing. Actually, it’s best if you don’t contact me. I’m getting a promotion soon, and I don’t need some crazy guy going to my husband or stalking me. It was fun, but let’s just leave it here. Here, take this. It’s enough to buy yourself something nice.”

She reached out and grabbed my butt one more time, in a gesture she seemed to think was reassuring or affectionate.

“…”

She looked back one more time, but didn’t say anything else as she left the motel room. I slowly turned to see a stack of twenties on the nightstand. I looked through it to see she had left $200 in all. For all intents and purposes, it wasn’t prostitution money. It was hush money. She came here cause of her horniness, but once she came, she started worrying this might hurt her and her family, so she bailed quickly. I didn’t even catch her name. So… that’s the kind of world this was.

“Damn… this is fucked up…” I muttered to myself, dropping my head back into the pillow.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"David… you are not the father!”

“N-no… why…” The man on the screen broke into tears.

“Hah! I told you!” The woman jumped and started pointing at the man. “You don’t get to stay in my home anymore. Get the fuck out!”

“I love him; I still want him in my life.”

“Tough, he ain’t yours. Get lost.”

I was watching an episode of Oprah, which functioned more like Jerry Springer. Everything was the same, but also different. Some things couldn’t change. Women still had the babies. A woman certainly couldn’t be confused whether she was the mother or not. Yet, in this world, men seemed to be protected if they got a woman pregnant. They would live in their house and take care of the child while the woman went off to work.

Women cheating on men wasn’t odd even before, but the women here seemed much more shameless and less prone to lying. The guys, on the other hand, would often act silent, or shameful, or bitchy. It had been three hours since that woman had left me in the hotel room. I decided to stay for a bit. It really was a good place for me to clear my head.

Lying naked on the bed, still smelling of sex, I flipped through the channels one after another. A few shows were gender-swapped, but most weren’t. Although, the nature of the shows were completely different. The soaps had turned into crime dramas, and the crime dramas appeared to be romance stories.

I was still in the motel room, taking the strange woman’s advice and using the privacy to get my mind in order. That got boring pretty quick, so I took to watching television instead. Most of the day had passed by with me chilling in the room. I decided since it was on her dime, I’d raid the refreshment minifridge for food and drink. I even ordered a few movies, including one porn, billed to the room, of course.

The porn was similar to what I had seen on television. The focus was on the man, including many closeups of his dick and ass. Suffice it to say; it didn’t appeal to me at all. I watched a few movies too, and while they were similar to what I remembered, they were just as often different. I just couldn’t handle the differences and eventually stopped watching them. That left me with daily television, which I had been skimming through the last few hours. Of course, even that followed it’s course.

I raised the remote and turned the television off. I had seen enough to have a basic understanding of how this world functioned now. I was just trying to hide from my problems. It was around dinner time now, and mom would probably be wondering where I was. At this point, I had two options. I could hunker down and prepare to live my new life, or I could go out and take advantage of a new world.

If there was a God out there, there had to be a reason he put me in this world. I was reminded of Groundhog’s Day, where Bill had to relive the same day over and over again until he finally lived the perfect and selfless day. I didn’t have an eternity to grow as a person, and for all I know, the world could be back to normal the next time I bumped my head.

In that case, I should make a list of all the things I’ve always wanted to do. Maybe, if I filled out this checklist, my world would go back to the way it started. If it happened sooner than that, I’d only regret not living this fantasy to the fullest. I pulled out a pad of paper and pen from the nightstand and started writing while talking to myself.

“First off, no unprotected sex.”

STDs weren’t as prevalent in this world. It was harder for women to transfer STDs than men. Harder, but not impossible, and naturally there were slutty men who were promiscuous too. The rates were lower, but not to the point of being nonexistent. It was enough that I should be safe. Plus, I don’t want to end up with a baby.

“Get a Sugar Mommy,” I spoke while writing.

An older, yet still attractive rich woman who would buy me things for sex? Yes, please! I lived in a single-parent household with five siblings. You better believe I didn’t have much stuff of my own. All of my video games and consoles were second hand and purchased with birthday money from grandma. It would be so nice to have someone take me out or buy things for me.

“Bang really hot girls.”

I frowned after I wrote that down. It was easier written than said. Hot guys wouldn’t just fuck any girl with a pussy in my old world. I mean, at this rate, I could just say I want to sleep with a celebrity. I’m sure there were tons of women who wanted to screw Brad Pit, Idris Elba, or Ryan Gosling. That didn’t mean that they got to do it! I needed to be realistic here. I could fuck perverted, horny women, but it wasn’t like I could have anyone I wanted.

So, it stood to reason, and I couldn’t just act like a slut to get sex from an unusually hot girl. Furthermore, I didn’t even know any hot girls to chase. The hottest girls I knew were my own sisters. Maybe one of them had a hot friend I could fuck. Screwing my sister’s friend? That sounded great. After years of torture, it even felt a bit like vindication. I underlined that one.

“Strip at a bachelorette party.”

I blushed after I said it, but I still wrote it on the page.   A bunch of drunk, horny girls, wanting you to dance? I mean, most guys wouldn’t dare to be a male stripper. You needed a certain degree of sexiness and talent to pull that off. However, just about any girl with a pretty face could strip. Well, maybe I’d never complete this part of my checklist. We’ll just call it brainstorming.

“Get a girl to pay for my dinner, and then ghost her!”

That might sound bitter, but I wanted to do it for all men who had that happen to them. It had never happened to me, but I had read girl chat online and had a few friends this happened to. After a guy buys them dinner and puts all this work into the relationship, the girl is just happy walking the other way and not even giving him the basic decency of saying she’s not interested.

“Of course! Two women at once. No… why stop there? How about an orgy! Like, five women!”

It could happen in this world. I could have a gang bang with a bunch of horny women. Did women in this world resist homosexuality like guys in my old world? I had to assume yes. It’d be a delicate process of finding women who were happy touching each other. First, I’d go two women, and then I’d build from there.

“Build a harem…”

It’s got to be possible. In my old world, there was no way I was charismatic enough to pull it off. Now though, if I found a group of girls who were on board, it’d be a rather easy matter.

“Sex with a stranger… well, I already fulfilled that one.”

I immediately marked it off the list. The woman who gave me this hotel room was someone I had never met before. It was pretty exciting having sex with her, and while I felt a bit sick at first, overall I’d have to say I didn’t regret getting in her car.

“Sex with my sisters- ah… what am I thinking!’

I scribbled that one out until I almost tore the page. That was not going to end up on this list. They were my sisters. A little revenge was fine, but actually trying to seduce them was another matter. It’d be cruel for both of us.

“Sleep with a boss to keep job… ah… I need a job. Sleep with the boss to get a job!”

“Fuck pizza girl for the tip.”

“Molest girl on the bus.”

At this point, I was just writing down every sexual fantasy I could think of. There were entire genre’s online dedicated to this kind of thing, and they were typically my favorite kind of porn. As a man, you could only dream of a girl one day wanting to suck your cock for a tip or something. Now, with me, it was a very real possibility! Yet, was there nothing about this world I could take advantage of other than sex? There had to be some advantage women had over men.

“Sports?”

Women sports were more popular than men sports here, but that didn’t mean I could be an athlete. I didn’t have super strength or anything. Guy’s were still guys. I may have surprised a single stranger by overpowering her in a situation when men from this world typically act meek, but it was too much to assume that I’d be competitive. Heck, I probably wouldn’t be competitive against women from this world. I could barely run a mile without collapsing.

“Scholarships.”

I was in school. I had little chance of going to college before. However, now I was the equivalent of a girl by societies standard. Girls used to have special scholarships and were looked at differently than guys. I bet there were all-guy universities I could apply to, and maybe a slight edge of acceptance too. Everyone knew that they wanted more girls in STEM. That meant they needed guys in STEM in this world. Therefore, I could jump right into that field and be surrounded by women.

With that, I gave a sigh and looked over my list three times before gently folding it and placing it in my pocket.

“My future, huh?”

I had never thought about that before. All I did was play games, jack off, and sleep. Something about having my entire life turned upside down seemed to change that. Was it because I had sex for the first time? Was it because I was in a motel room having just played with a stranger? I didn’t know, but suddenly I was thinking about what I would do in the future.

Yet, which future was I going to live? Was the world going to go back to normal, or was I going to have to face a new standard of living?

I finally left the bed and to the bathroom to take a shower. I washed until I was clean, and then I left the motel room. I wasn’t very far from the house. It’d be a half-hour walk, so I left the key and started heading back home. It was now late in the evening. As long as I was home by 7 pm, mom probably wouldn’t worry too much.

Eventually, I made it back to where the woman had picked me up. My bike was no longer there. Someone had ended up stealing it after all. It was a piece of crap we bought from a garage sale anyway. Patting my pants which contained $200, I figured I could buy a new bike if I really wanted to. In a world filled with perverted women, I could probably make even more money doing things I’ve always wanted to do and thinking that made me feel a little sad though. I’d have to be doing it not with the people I wanted to. I was probably lucky that the strange girl was clean and normal looking. It wasn’t like this world had a shortage of ugly women.

Since makeup and nice fashion seemed not to be the focus of woman from this world, there were uglier women all around. Women who didn’t care about their appearance were many in this world. They didn’t care about their appearance probably because they didn’t have to in this world.

I shook my head, not wanting to think about it. Would I need to start wearing designer clothing and makeup just to get jobs? I really hoped not.

A small frown formed on my face as I got closer to the house. I saw a strange car in my driveway. As I got closer, I realized that there was a police car parked in front of my house. I continued to walk, and my frown deepened. I started to worry that something happened and that one of my sisters was hurt. As I got closer, I saw my mom standing on the front porch. She had a scowl on her face and her arms crossed. My three younger sisters and Mackenzie were standing outside too, with equally worried expressions on their faces.

They were talking to the police, who was writing something down. It was at this point that Kelsey noticed me walking across the lawn. I was walking much faster now, and my heart clenched with fear that someone was hurt.

“It’s Noah! He’s here!” Kelsey cried out.

“Noah! Where have you been?” Mackenzie cried out, running over and grabbing my arm.

“Huh? Out? I yelled, didn’t I?’

“You’ve been gone all day!” She snapped angrily. “Anything could have happened to you?”

“Eh? I’m fine? It’s not even 8pm yet?”

“Noah is okay?” Mom yelled, her expression looking both relieved and furious.

“He’s okay, mom.”

Mom suddenly marched over to me and grabbed my other arm a bit hard. “What did you think you were doing?”

“Huh? I just needed some time to myself?”

“I found your bike just lying on the side of the street!” Mackenzie said, nearly in tears.

“We thought someone snatched you!”

“I’m sixteen…” I said in disbelief.

“Yeah? You’re a sixteen-year-old BOY!” Mom snapped. “Do you know what perverts could have done with you?

“Maybe?”

“You! This isn’t a joke! One of our neighbors even said she saw you getting into a car with a strange woman.”

“Ah! That’s… that was nothing. They just offered a ride.”

Mom’s eyes narrowed. “How could you be so stupid! She could have kidnapped you! Raped you! Don’t you care?”

Her words were so abnormal, and I did something I absolutely shouldn’t have. I giggled. This was exactly the wrong thing to do. Mom’s face turned red. I had never seen her so angry, certainly not on my account.

“I don’t know what the hell is going on with you, but this is unacceptable! I have London out right now looking for you, and we thought you might have been kidnapped. How can you be so careless and inconsiderate!”

Seeing her expression, I was frozen like a deer in headlights. My eyes were wide, but I couldn’t say anything. Mom was actually shaking, and Mackenzie was glaring at me too. Kelsey and Kristy also wore angry expressions, but they looked like they were trying to emulate mom.

“I-I’m sorry…” I managed to mutter weakly, not sure what else to say.

“Get your ass inside! You’re grounded for a week!”

“What? But I wasn’t even gone that long!”

“Don’t start with me!”

She pointed to the house, but I couldn’t even bring myself to be angry. Instead, I just turned and walked into the house. Mom went to the policemen and started to apologize for wasting their time. The policemen, two women, assured her that this kind of thing happened all the time. The last thing I heard before I went inside was them advising her to teach me how to protect myself from female predators properly.

I went into my room and closed the door, moving to sit on my bed. I was still completely stunned. I had never expected in a million years that this would happen. I knew that mom was always strict on the girls to not stay out late and to let her know where they were. However, it wasn’t nearly to this level. Typically, she had never really cared when I returned home.

I wasn’t angry, though. I felt somewhat warm. Was that what it felt like to have someone worry about you? Guy’s were typically expected to just deal with it. At least, that was my experience. I pulled out my list I had made in the motel. I looked at it one more time, crumpled it up, and then tossed it in the trash. Let’s just let things play out one step at a time, for now.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Knock. Knock. Knock.

“Yeah?” I asked, looking up from my pillow.

The door opened, and the person who stepped in was London, who had a solemn look on her face.

“Noah, do you have some time to talk?”

“Aren’t I grounded? All I have is time.”

London nodded, but she had a strangely wooden expression on her face. “Okay…”

“What do you want?” I asked, sitting up in bed. “Rather, when did you suddenly take such an interest in what’s going on at home?”

She bit her lip. “Y-you know why! Don’t act like you don’t.”

“It’s cause you want my dick?”

“Brother… when did you become so lewd!” She looked around and then ran over to put her hand on my mouth. “You can’t say those kinds of things.”

“Well, am I wrong?”

“I-it’s just confusing, right now. I’m getting married. I have a man… but… you’re too young. And you’re my half-brother. What happened between us was just… a mistake…”

“I’m a mistake?” I asked, deliberately being a bit cruel.

“Brother, is what happened earlier why you fled the house? Is that why you got in the car with some strange woman?”

I bit my lip and looked away. “Maybe…”

She closed her eyes and sighed. “I’m sorry. This is my fault. I’m an adult, and I led you on, and because of a moment of weakness, I fucked everything up.”

“You can blame me too…”

‘it’s not your fault…”

“Will you stop that!’ I growled angrily and grabbed her shirt. “I hit on you because you’re beautiful! I’m just as responsible for what we did.”

“C-calm down, brother.”

“I won’t! I’m attracted to you!” My words were growing louder and louder. “I want to fuck you! I… Mmm!”

London suddenly grabbed me and kissed me. For not the first time, I found our tongues exploring each other’s mouths. She probably thought I was too flustered to realize it, but it was pretty clear she was kissing me like this to keep me from talking and revealing what happened. I used the opportunity to wrap my arms around her and hug her. Her large chest pressed against mine. Even if this world was weird, women still smelled good, and my sister was no exception. My hand fell down and then grabbed her butt.

“Mm!” London pulled away, gasping for breath. “Noah, please… we can’t.”

“London, I have a confession to make.”

“What?”

“I’m a guy.”

“Huh, um… yeah, I know that. I don’t even need pre-med to catch that.”

“No, I mean, my values are reversed. I’m like… well, a girl.”

This hadn’t become easier to explain since I had revealed this to Sam. Why did I decide to reveal it to London now? I didn’t really know. Probably because if I didn’t tell someone else, I’d go crazy.

“I don’t follow.” She scrunched up her forehead.

“I’m horny, and like porn, and all the things a girl is typically known for.”

“Ah! D-don’t tell me things like that; I like to see my little brother as still innocent.”

“No, I mean, when I hit my head, the world seemed to change. Before, guys acted like girls, and girls acted like boys. Do you understand? You and my sisters used to act like guys would act, and I act like I always have. You’re the ones who changed.”

She listened carefully and then put out her hand and touched my forehead. Then she shook her head and made a bitter expression.

“I’m the worst.” She said.

“Huh? What does that mean?”

“Your concussion. Your behavior started changing; then, you must still be suffering from it. I thought that we… I mean… I took advantage of your condition. I feel like an idiot. You’re sick, and you need time.”

“Wait… that’s not…”

“It’s okay, Noah. I may be a creepy shitty big sister, but I won’t take advantage of you again. Mom’s still angry, but I’ll tell her your mind is still confused. She will definitely lighten up your load. As for tomorrow, you won’t have to go back to school.”

“Stop. I’m not confused. I’m really attracted to you, but you’d never been interested in me in a million years. You don’t even care about me. None of my sisters did. Mom neither. You all treated me like a freak.”

She looked like she was about to tear up, but she wore a gentle smile on her face and kissed me head. “We always cared about you. If you’re only noticing that now, well, at least you caught on eventually.”

“London!”

She ignored me and left, closing the door. I chucked my pillow at the closed door, feeling extremely frustrated. So much for having a confidant. Sam and I just were close enough, and after what happened, I felt a little awkward just calling her up to complain about this world. I wanted someone in my family I could relate with.

Since it wouldn’t be London, was there someone else I could unload on? There was Mackenzie, but she was uptight. She’d definitely tell mom everything I told her. The twins were definitely a no. Dawn had no interest in talking to me in any world. Wait… how about Bethany? She was the youngest, only thirteen. She might actually believe it if I told her. You could call it gullible, but since it was all true, I really needed someone to believe me.

I walked to the door and opened it up. I listened out in the hall. In the kitchen, I could hear a conversation.

“I just don’t want him to get hurt…” Mom said.

“He’s confused after the accident. I think he’s more confused than we realized. We need to keep him home and watch him for the next few days.”

“If anything happens to my little boy, I’m going to find that bitch who hit him and break her arms.”

They were busy, so I snuck down the hallway until I came in front of Bethany’s door. I thought about knocking, but that might alert my family. Instead, I just opened the door quietly and slipped inside. Bethany looked like how she always did. She was wearing a tight shirt that failed to cover her midriff, hoochie shorts, and was lying on her bed while reading a magazine.

However, I only took one step before I heard other sounds and realized her position was off slightly. She had an arm under her, and her butt was slightly raised and shaking ever so slightly. She was making giggling noises at what she was reading, and she was panting for breath. As my eyes focused on the magazines, I realized they were underwear magazines taken from some male fashion store.

Even though I said nothing, Bethany must have felt my presence, because her panting stopped short and she spun around, looking at me. With her turned to her side, I could distinctly see her hand down the front of her shorts, where they were presumably rubbing something.

“B-br-br-“

I jumped across the room and covered her mouth. “Don’t yell!”

Her eyes had turned to saucers as I jumped on top of her. My crotch was now pressed up against her hand, keeping her from removing it from within her small hoochie shorts. On the other side of her hand was her bare female parts. Having just grown worked up with London, only to find myself on top of my sister as she touched herself and made lewd noises, blood flowed where I would have preferred it didn’t.

My penis started to go, pushing against the back of her hand. As it did so, her eyes widened even more. I glared at her, daring her to speak.

“I’m removing my hand now,” I said very quietly. “I need to talk with you, sister.”

I slowly pulled my hand away from her mouth, and my pelvis away from hers. She immediately pulled her hand out of her shorts.

“Th-this isn’t what it looks like!” She said desperately.

“You’re masturbating.”

“Ah…” She grunted like she had been struck in the stomach. “That’s… please don’t tell our other sisters this. They will definitely make fun of me. And they’ll be really angry you saw, especially Mackenzie. I don’t want her to kick my ass again.”

“That’s…” I supposed if I had a little brother who my sisters caught jacking off, I’d give them a hard time too. “I won’t say anything.”

Only then did she relax, and the two of us pulled away. She rubbed the back of her hand for a second but otherwise didn’t mention my erection in the slightest. I suppose it was too embarrassing to address. I was appreciative about that. I didn’t want things to get awkward between us like they were between London and me.

“Why did you suddenly come in here?” She demanded. “You should knock first!”

“Shouldn’t you lock the door?”

She grunted again like she had been struck in the stomach. “I’m sorry…”

In my old world, that would have never worked. The old Bethany wouldn’t have accepted any fault. Even if she left the door wide open, she’d still blame me completely if I just glanced into her room. Having a Bethany that didn’t act spoiled and took responsibility for her actions felt kind of nice.

“It’s fine!” I said, trying not to upset her too much. “Rather, I’m grounded right now, and I was afraid I’d make too much noise. It’s my fault for barging in. I’m sorry too.”

Her eyes widened again as if completely surprised her big brother would apologize for anything. Was I really that bad? I let out a cough.

“I heard about what happened earlier. You were gone the whole day. If I did that, mom would barely notice, but with you, she called the cops.”

“That’s what I’m saying!’ I grew excited and grabbed her arms.

She winced a bit, and then looked away blushing. “Still, you shouldn’t be in here. You’ll get in more trouble.”

“I need to talk to you.” I decided to just launch into the reason I came.

“What about?”

“I want to tell you a true story.”

“Hmm?”

“What if… you went to a world where guys acted more like girls?”

“Th-they’d be easier to understand…” She said bitterly.

“Ah…” I chuckled awkwardly. “I mean, like, what if guys liked sports, and video games, and wanted to pursue women for… you know… relations.”

She was still thirteen, so I couldn’t bring myself to say sex in front of her, even if I did catch her masturbating. She got the idea though and seemed to take my words seriously, nodding in thought.

“I think that it’d be nice… I mean, guys and girls would see more eye to eye and…”

I shook my head, realizing she was giving some simple answer and wasn’t being honest at all. “No, I mean, what girls started to act like guys. They liked sewing, cooking, and dramas. They were the… well. They were closed off and repressed a bit.”

“I can’t imagine it.”

I felt like laughing, but I couldn’t bring myself to. “Yesterday, I hit my head. London thinks I have brain damage, but that isn’t what happened. Before I hit my head, girls acted like boys, and boys acted like girls. After I hit my head, well, now everything is backward. Women’s breasts were something guys only dreamed of seeing and were always covered. Now you guys walk around shirtless.”

“I don’t like being shirtless! That’s just Kelsey!” Bethany responded defensively.

“That’s not the point!” I responded tearfully. “The point is, no one is acting like they used to act. You used to watch makeup tutorials and read about fashion. If I even looked your way, you would slam the door in my face. I’m pretty sure you have never masturbated before today.”

“That’s not true! I masturbate all the… ah! I mean…”

I laughed. “See? I masturbate all the time too!”

“Eh? Bu-ut you’re a boy?”

“Come on, even other boys masturbate…” I sighed.

She was more naïve than I thought. I was sure other girls masturbated in my old world. I had seen it on the internet. If that was the case, the reverse was true too.

“S-so, what you’re saying is that big brother… is a pervert?”

“A big one!” I gave her a thumbs-up and then shot her a glare. “No! I’m saying I’m just like you, or Mackenzie, or any of them. I like video games. I like porn. I like sex!”

“So… brother is into sex too…”

“What do you mean, too?” I demanded. “Who doesn’t want to have sex?”

“Ah! It’s just… I never had. I’ve been wondering a lot lately though, what a man feels like.”

I suddenly found myself looking down at her and gulping. This had taken a turn I didn’t expect. My barely dressed, horny, thirteen-year-old sister was looking down with pink color painting her cheeks and a shy expression while asking about sex. I was an idiot for thinking I could have this conversation with her.

“Um… well, it’s not like I’m into guys. I’m only interested in girls.” I said stiffly.

“I’m a girl.” She said, looking up at me through her long eyelashes.

“Y-you’re young.” I stuttered out.

“I’m ready!” She insisted, suddenly reaching out and touching my knee.

What had Mackenzie called her? A little pervert? I suddenly became aware of just how strong a budding boy’s hormones were at that age. Since things were reversed, Bethany was completely out of control. Just a little provocation and she was already looking like she wanted to push me down. Well, most of the women in this world were like that to one degree or another, but for Bethany, she was truly young and naïve, and it was clear she was out of her depth.

“Sister…” I found a certain part of me starting to move again, especially as her hand moved its way up my knee to my thigh.

When did I grow so lustful for my sisters? Did my hit to the head really affect my brain in some ways, or was I always this perverted? She was my young and innocent sister, but she was drawing closer to me, and all I could think about was how she would feel.

I found myself completely unable to pull away. Rather, I leaned forward, and then the pair of us kissed. She made a noise, but then closed her eyes and kissed me back. She was using her tongue all wrong, and she was very sloppy. I realized in an instant that this was my sister’s first kiss! Rather than feel repelled, I grew even more excited. I reached out and grabbed her, ready to throw her on the bed.

“Ow!” She suddenly pulled back and grabbed her stomach.

I hadn’t grabbed her that hard, so I was confused. She looked away.

“Sorry, can you go?”

Her sudden change of behavior was jarring.

“No! What is it you’re hiding?”

“N-nothing! I-I just don’t want to kiss my ugly brother!”

I reached out and grabbed the hem of her shirt, and she immediately tried to stop me. “What is it?”

“St-stop… don’t!”

“Your shirt… take it off…”

“No… please…!”

I was stronger, though, and I managed to pull her shirt up to her chest. That’s when I saw them. There were ugly welts on her body. She had one on her side where I grabbed her. When I had touched her arms, I realized there was a bruise there as well.

“What is this?” I demanded.

“It’s nothing!” She shot back.

“Did mom do this to you?”

“No!’

“Our sisters?

“No, they don’t know about it!”

“Who?” I demanded, feeling extremely angry. “Who hurt you?”

“It’s just someone at school?”

“Someone? The girls are bullying you?”

“No! It’s a boy, okay? A boy did this!”

My eyes narrowed dangerously. “I’ll fucking kill him!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Brother… relax. I’m just a girl.”

“What are you talking about?” I snarled. “You got wounds all over your body. Why haven’t you told someone?”

She looked away shyly. “How could I tell anyone I got beat up by a guy?”

I was confused by her words for a moment, but once I managed to calm down for a moment, I realized that she was right. This world, it’d be like a girl beating up a guy. This kind of thing happened, but most people treated it like a joke. They would call the guy a wimp and laugh while he suffered abuse. Some people would say that it was impossible for a girl to beat up a guy.

It was immediately clear that my sister was too embarrassed by what was happening to say anything. Her sisters, as they were now, would definitely not be the understanding type. My fist clenched as I thought about this fact. In the old world, this would have been resolved instantly. Someone would have noticed, and my sisters would have defended her. Police would have been called. That man would never hurt another girl.

Yet, in this world, I could already hear Mom laughing it off and saying that he probably likes her. Girls get beat up; she can take it. It’s not important. It doesn’t matter.

This world wasn’t any better than my previous world. It was different, and there were things to enjoy, but there were just as many things that caused me to feel anger. They didn’t even make sense in the context. Men were still stronger than women. At least in my world, most people acknowledged this. Although, I seemed to recall a rising movement that was trying to deny what many called facts. Women were in no way disadvantaged to men in sports, they’d claim.

This world had rectified that issue in sports by flipping the narrative. Men were too strong and clumsy to participate in sports designed for women. When they participated, there were more injuries. Thus, it was preferable to watch female sports and to focus on women.

How did they rectify this though? In their minds, men just didn’t hurt women. They were too delicate and disinclined. They didn’t have the aggression women had. Even though they were stronger, they wouldn’t even try to fight a woman. It truly caused me to feel anger again. Bethany watched me worriedly as these emotions danced across my face.

“Please… brother, you have to keep this a secret! Please… don’t tell anyone!” I looked her expression over carefully.

She had reached out and grabbed my hands, something old Bethany wouldn’t have done in a million years. She had a look of desperation and fear on her face. It was clear she feared being called out for being harassed by a guy more than the guy himself. This was a once in a lifetime request a little sister was giving her brother. If I let her down here, she would likely never trust me again, no matter what world we lived in.

“I won’t say anything… to anyone. I promise.” I spoke slowly, watching the relief flood over her face.

I had to keep those words too. If I turned around and went behind her back, it would be even worse than had I made no agreement in the first place. She depended on me to keep this a secret.

That was fine, though. I didn’t have any intention of going to an adult about this. They wouldn’t do anything anyway. My sisters, my mother, the school… they would all look the other way or laugh it off as meaningless. There was only one saving grace about this all. I was a guy too! Girl on girl violence was its own thing in my old world, so that meant if I went after this guy, no one could blame me.

I wanted to grill her for details, but after making such a promise, she would grow very suspicious if I started asking strange questions. Therefore, I could only bid farewell and sneak back into my own room. Fortunately, I wasn’t caught, and mom and London were still talking. I eventually heard the front door close as London left to go back to her apartment. An hour later, there was another knock on my door.

At this point, I had just been looking around my room for every last bit of memorabilia. I was trying to get a grip on how this new life differed from my old life. Although there were a lot of superficial things that were different, it looked like deep down that I was essentially the same person. Even the other me liked video games, although he hid them. He had a pocket pussy, although it was hidden far better than my own. His clothing looked like most clothing I would have picked, although the brands were fancier and the fits were different, seeming to be tight around my butt and loose around the calves. I had a feeling that was more because of this world than any personal choices of my other-self.

“Who is it?” I asked after making sure everything had made it back into my drawer.

Mother walked in. I had never seen her dress so, well… little. She was wearing shorts much like those on Bethany. Actually, it was worse, because she had a shapely behind, and where it rid up, I could see the hint of pubic hair. Her shirt was just a tank top with loose straps on it. I never imagined that Bethany got her style of dressing around the house from mom, as mom never allowed herself to be seen in such a state. She always wore long nightgowns that covered everything.

“Noah…” She said, stepping into my room. “I’m sorry I freaked out so bad earlier. It’s just, you’re the only boy I have, and after your father left us… I just get protective sometimes.”

“It’s fine, mom…” I said, trying to sound as polite as possible.

She came over to me and suddenly hugged me. “You’re a good boy. I’m sorry.”

My head was pressed into her chest, of which half of it was cleavage. It was a strange feeling, and I didn’t even know how to react.

“Mom? Why did dad leave us?” I asked, my question slightly muffled by her chest.

In the past, mom’s answer had always been short. She’d say something like, “he was a bastard”, usually followed by “you better not end up like him!” I had a feeling that perhaps, given the changes, maybe her answer would be different. It would be a real chance for me to learn something. I barely remembered the man, having been two when he left us.

Mom pulled back, but she kept her hands on my shoulders as she looked at me, a sudden pained look on her face. She finally let out a long, drawn-out sigh before nodding to herself.

“Since you’re my son, you deserve to know the truth.” Mom suddenly grew very serious. “I have never told your sisters this. It’s actually a source of great shame.”

“But… you’re going to tell me?”

Mom bit her lip and then nodded. “It’s because I want you to understand. I think you can learn something from this. Since you’ve recently started showing an interest in girls… don’t deny it, I’ve seen you be curious, I just want you to know.”

“Know what?”

Mom looked at me and then winced. “This… isn’t the kind of thing I can tell you easily. I feel like you’ll definitely look at your mom differently.”

I reached out and touched mom gently. “Mom, please, I don’t want to end up like dad. Just tell me what happened.”

“You’re dad… he wasn’t the problem…” She said bitterly.

“He walked out on us!” I said indignantly, “He left m- he left us!”

Mom winced at those words. “He had his reasons…”

“What reasons? Why would dad leave?”

Mom looked like she was about to cry, but after another long breath, she looked me straight in the eyes. “The truth is… a long time ago… I had an affair.”

“What?” I nearly stood up, but mom’s hands tightened on my arms, keeping me sitting.

“I… cheated on your father. A lot. That’s why… when he found out… he couldn’t take it and left.”

I felt dizzy for a second, and I might have fallen back onto the bed if mom wasn’t holding me. The words coming out her mouth, they didn’t connect at first. They didn’t match the mother I had always known, nor even the woman in front of me.

What did this mean? Is this because she was like a man in this world? Would that mean, previously, it was actually my dad who cheated? I wanted to believe this. I wanted to blame him instead. Yet, somewhere deep down, I knew it wasn’t true. This was the reality in both worlds. Thirteen years ago, right before the birth of my sister Bethany, my dad left the house.

He found out my mother had been having a long-running affair. Possibly multiple affairs. Suddenly, he didn’t even know if his children were really his own children. Were my sisters really my sisters? Who was, who wasn’t? My breathing was quick, and my heart was throbbing in my chest. I felt like I was going to pass out. Mom did have tears in her eyes now. She was shaking, fearful of my reaction. I wanted to comfort her, but I was frozen.

Even if I could move, I knew I couldn’t say the words of comfort she wanted. I was too shocked, too angry, too confused. Instead, I could only stare blankly at her as I tried to process what she had said.

Dad left because he felt like his whole life was a lie. The kids he thought were his might not be, and finding out the truth would be far too painful. Therefore, he ran away. In the old world, that made him a deadbeat dad. Despite being the one who cheated, my mom resented him for abandoning the children and her. She felt that even if he left her, he at least should have continued to support the kids.

In this world, dad was somehow freed from fault in her mind. It was her poor actions that drove the man away.

“M-my sisters?”

“I don’t know…” Mom responded, “For London, I know who the father is. Same for Mackenzie, Dawn, and you… definitely are his. As for the twins and Bethany… including your father, there are three possible fathers.”

“Two other men?”

Mom shook and looked away shamefully. “That was a decade ago. I was… very bad back then. That’s why… I wanted to tell you my story. You need to understand that women are… women are scum!”

“Mom…”

“You can’t trust us. A woman will sleep with you, and then not call you back. She’ll brag about how good you were and then slander your name. I don’t want you to end up like your father. I don’t want you to end up with someone like me.” She said bitterly. “That’s why I’ve come clean. You can learn from your pathetic mother.”

She wasn’t meeting my eyes anymore, and I could see a lot of pain and regret there.

“What about since dad left?”

“I’ve dated, once or twice… but few men are interested in a middle-aged woman with six kids. They want to have kids of their own and start families, something I won’t do. Since your father left though, I haven’t been with another man. It was… too painful.”

“D-did you love father?”

She slowly shook her head. “I don’t know. Maybe? In the beginning, it was so exciting. It always feels exciting in the beginning, even for the guy. After it wore off and we started having kids, I just started to feel trapped. I started to meet guys off the internet, and you don’t want to hear about that.”

“Mom… Bethany, Kristy, Kelsey…”

“I will tell them when I feel they are old enough.” She sighed. “Men mature faster than women, which is why I decided you’re ready. London knows, of course. I plan to tell Dawn eventually; I just want to wait until she’s done with high school. She’s got exams to study for right now.”

“Right…” I said in response, not entirely sure how I felt about it all.

“Well!” She slapped her knees and stood back up. “I said what I came to say. Um… please keep it just between you and me, okay, kiddo?”

“Yeah…” I said, my voice not having a lot of energy.

“Ah… and, I called you off of school tomorrow. You’re not grounded, but you need to get some rest, okay? London said you need bedrest and she’ll come tomorrow to check on you and make sure you’re getting it. I’ll be at work, so you’ll have to be on your own until the afternoon. Do you need pizza money or something?”

“No… I’ll just eat what we have.”

Mom was a bit too nice to me. It was clear that telling me everything had caused her a great deal of stress. This was a secret she had kept with her for over a decade. Now that she had finally told someone, she was definitely messed up. My mother from before would have definitely never told me, perhaps even taking it to her grave rather than admit her shame. She turned to the door and started to walk out.

I jumped up and then wrapped my arms around her. She made a noise of surprise as I hugged her from behind. By pure chance, my hands ended up on her chest, one grabbing each breast. I wanted to pull back, but it was a bit too late. I remained with my head pressed against her back for a moment as we stood there.

“You took care of my sisters and me. No matter what, you’re my mother, and you stuck around. Father should never have abandoned us. I love you.”

Just because I understood why dad left, didn’t mean I forgave him. As for mom, she had birthed me, raised me, and cared for me. She wasn’t always the best mother, but she was my mother.

“Damn… you’re making your old woman cry.” She said, trying to be tough while wiping the tears from her eyes. “I love you too, kiddo.”

I finally let go, and mom walked out the door. When it closed behind her, I sat back down on the bed. Although I thought about mom for some time, my thoughts eventually drifted back to Bethany and the bruises all over her body. Bethany was my sister. It didn’t matter if it was half or full. I had to take care of her. Since I was free tomorrow, it was time I did some surveillance. Since dad wasn’t there for my sisters, I would have to be the man of the house.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With the piece of paper in my hand, I dialed the number on my phone. It was the next morning, and my mother and sisters had already left. In a rare occurrence, I was at home alone. I had watched as my sister Bethany boarded the bus to middle school. If her bully was there, it would be difficult for me to find them. I didn’t think it was the case though. The wounds on her body couldn’t have been made to that extent in a crowded place. Whoever this fucker was, he was probably getting to her before or after school. As soon as her bus pulled away, someone picked up the line on the other end.

“Hello?” A groggy girl’s voice spoke up over the phone.

“Ah… hi… it’s me. Um… I just realized I never got your name. You… um… hit me with the car a few days ago?”

That girl who had hit me had written her number and handed it to me, but she hadn’t even bothered to write her name on the piece of paper. Thus, I was calling her completely blind.

“Ah!” She let out a cry causing me to nearly drop my phone. “My name is Anna. It’s Anna! Wh-wh-why are you calling this morning?”

“Actually, I was wondering if you wanted to go out.”

“G-g-go out?” Her voice went a pitch higher. “Um… yes, I’d love to! When?”

“Can you come over right now? You have a car, right?”

“Yes, I have a car! Wait? Right now? Like now, now?”

“Uh… that’s the idea.”

“Ah… actually, I have school. I’m seventeen. Are you out of school?”

“Oh, you’re in high school too?” I bit my lip. “Sorry, I ended up staying home today. That’s kind of why I called you.”

I had thought since she owned a car that she was probably a bit older, like in college, and might be free. I didn’t actually have any interest in Anna. Rather, it was her car that I wanted. I needed someone who was willing to drive me around. Contacting her was a bit of a long shot though. I also considered contacting Sam’s mom, but I didn’t think I was ready for that just yet.

“You’re home today, with family?” She asked.

“No, I’m alone. Well, I’m not going to ask you to skip school, so it’s fine. Sorry to wake you up so early…”

“N-no! I’ll go!” She suddenly cried out.

“Huh? But school…”

“it’s fine! I can afford to miss a day. I’ll be over right away! Ah… I don’t remember your address though…”

I gave her the address, and she made me repeat it as she wrote it down. “And my name is Noah, by the way.”

“Noah…” She said my name strangely like she was committing it to memory. “Okay! I’ll be there in ten… no twenty minutes!”

“Okay. Bye.” I hung up the phone and looked at it in my hand. “That was easy.”

I had only figured I had a small chance of it succeeding, yet she had jumped on the opportunity unexpectedly. What had I said that made her decide to skip school? Wait, didn’t I say I was alone? I was never going to get used to thinking things in reverse. Let’s assume a girl called me early in the morning. She asked me to come to her place, and also, she was alone without parental supervision. Oh… I saw what she was thinking about now.

It was still difficult to wrap my head around it. I remembered a cute girl, and she was my age too. To think, she was heading over here with naughty thoughts on her mind. She was even willing to skip school for the chance to get with a guy. After Sam, I hadn’t stopped thinking of being with another beautiful young girl. Perhaps, we could play a bit before we went?

I shook my head. No! I was on a mission. In the end, I had to use this girl and her misunderstanding for my own advantage. I couldn’t allow my hormones to keep me from helping my little sister. With that said, I had nothing to do but wait for her to come over. I knew that the middle school bus route took about forty-five minutes to get to school. So, if she got over here in twenty, that gave about us twenty minutes to find a place in the parking lot and see if we can scope out my sister’s bully.

I sat for five minutes before I realized I should be doing something. “What am I thinking? I need stuff to spy with!”

Thus, I started looking around the house for things I could use. I checked the kitchen and the family room, not seeing anything useful. Then, after a quick breath, I went to Mackenzie’s room. Her room was far messier than I remembered. I looked around until I saw something under her bed. I got down and grabbed it.

“Perfect!”

It was a pair of binoculars. That was just what I needed. At that moment, though, I noticed a conspicuous box under her bed. I pulled it out and opened the lid, looked in, and then immediately closed it again. I put the box back under the bed while wearing a stiff expression. Why did she need more than one dildo? I had one pocket pussy. One! And that was enough. Why did she have five dildos! More than that, there was a bunch of porn, but it was all of men! I really didn’t want to see that!

I abandoned Mackenzie’s room and instead went into the twin’s bedroom. They would be much more sensible. They lived together, so there was no way that they would have such lewd things lying around. That’s what I thought until I ran into Kelsey’s drawer with a dildo and lubricant. I softly closed it and sighed, but it was only a minute later when I found her sister’s stash.

Did all of my sister’s own sex toys? I stormed out of their room and entered Dawn’s room. If anyone had surveillance stuff, it’d be her. She gave off that kind of vibe. Speaking of vibe, it wasn’t hidden at all! It was on the bed. And it was still on! I picked the thing up and shut it off, but at that moment, I smelled a strong scent coming from it. I tossed it back on the bed with a grossed-out cry.

I was both horrified and aroused. This simple task was turning into something that was pushing my mind to the limit. I looked around and saw her camera on the desk next to her monitors.

“Bingo!” I went and grabbed the camera.

As I did so, my hand pushed the mouse, and a screen saver turned off. My eyes turned to pinpricks as I noticed what was open on her desktop. It was a picture of me. It looked like I had just gotten out of the shower. I had a towel around me, but it covered my chest too. I became intrigued by the image. This was a picture of me before the switch. This was the me that acted like a girl. He certainly wore the towel like a girl. No, that’s not the issue! This was really suspicious! This was a picture she shouldn’t have of her brother!

It was while minimizing it that I noticed a folder on the desktop. The folder had the name “Noah” written on it. I felt my spine tingling just a bit. Why did my sister have a folder with my name on it in her desktop? Unable to stop myself, I grabbed the mouse and moved the pointer to the folder. I double-clicked, and the folder popped up.

Please enter your password.

I let out a breath. So, she passworded it. i don’t know if that made me feel better or worse. It could be nothing. It could be just what she named her porn folder. I used to name mine ‘school work’. The name meant nothing. I was just paranoid. I closed out the password box and the folder shut down unopened, deciding ignorance was bliss. Then, I turned away and left Dawn’s room. In the end, I left her camera behind. It didn’t have the SD card in it, and I didn’t want to venture further into Dawn’s room and see things that I couldn’t unsee.

Bethany was the only girl who didn’t have any dildos in her room. Her porn collection was also innocent underwear stuff. I almost felt relief until I noticed a wet spot on her mattress. I really hoped it wasn’t what I thought it was. I left her room and took a breath. What was I even looking for? I had the binoculars, what else would I need to spy on her?

“A disguise!” I snapped.

My sister would totally notice me if I showed up at her school. I should come in disguise. Immediately, my thoughts went to my mother’s room. She had a few wigs left over from previous Halloweens. Those would make it harder to notice me, definitely.

I went into mom’s room and looked around. It was a lot cleaner and better smelling than the rooms of the other girls. I carefully looked around until I ended up opening a certain drawer.

“Mom…” I rolled my eyes. “That’s way too big.”

She had a drawer filled with dildos too, but one was as big as my arm. It had to be a gag gift. There was no way my mom used that thing, right?”

I finally found a wig, a pair of sunglasses, and a long coat. Sure, it looked super suspicious wearing it, but at the very least, it was difficult telling it was me.

By the time I left mom’s room, the doorbell had rung. It had been about fifteen minutes, and Anna arrived just as I got out. There was a knock on my door, and I walked over and answered it. Anna was there. Her hair was wet. She must have just taken a shower before suddenly coming over. I really didn’t know what to say about that.

She had straight, Auburn hair, long eyelashes, and soft-looking lips. Her body was the body of a typical teenage girl. Perhaps size C breasts, a butt that was neither curvy nor flat, and youthful, healthy skin.

“H-hi!” She responded, her body showing a lot of nervousness.

“Ah, come in.” I gestured for her to enter.

She came inside, but I could visibly see her shaking. Was she really that nervous about going to a boy’s home?

“I-is it okay if you have a girl over?” She asked nervously.

“Y- uh… probably not…” I laughed sheepishly, scratching the back of my head.

My mom probably wouldn’t have cared if I brought a girl home. However, she had a strict rule of no boys in the house for my sisters. If we assumed things were reversed, then it was clear that mom would not be okay with me having a girl here, especially when I was all alone with her.

“I see…” she said, looking around my family room curiously.

“Your car!” I said suddenly, trying to put the conversation back on track, “Um… did your parents buy it for you?”

“Hmm? Yes.” She nodded. “It was dad’s car, but he bought a new one and handed me his. I don’t like it though. It’s kind of a boy car.”

She seemed distracted, clearly waiting in anticipation for why we were there. I had a feeling if I told her to go to my room, strip to nothing, and wait for me, she’d do it like that. It was a weird feeling to hold that much power in a relationship. It was a bit scary, knowing how easy it would be. Yet, at the same time, I had a nagging fear that I was mistaken. Perhaps, it wasn’t that easy, and if I tried, I’d only embarrass myself completely. Even though I had a good inkling of what was on her mind, I still had my doubts.

“You ready to go out?” I asked.

“Huh? Out?” She blinked and then gave a weak smile. “Right! Out. Of course. You wanted to hang out.”

It felt so awkward, but for once in my life, it wasn’t me stumbling to try to impress her. It was a surreal experience watching it from the other side. She was squirming and trying to come up with things to say, all while I just sat there and smiled. I never realized until I reached this point how much stress was put on the guy in every social interaction with someone of the opposite sex.

Guys were expected to carry the conversation, keep things interesting, and generally entertain the girl while all she needed to do was sit there and be pretty. Men were the chaser, and women were the chased. Having none of that pressure on my shoulders to impress her, woo her, or keep her smiling. It was strange, to say the least.

And the strangest part was the realization that came with it. I had already made my decisions regarding this girl. I had called her over not for sex, but to make use of her car. As for whether we had sex or when I had at least considered it and was mulling over that possibility. If I wanted it though, I was fully confident it would happen. For the most part, my mind was already set. How many interactions with women had I had in the past like that?

I would be trying to impress a girl at school, yet she was standing there having already decided what kind of relationship we’d have. It put all of that discomfort, sweat, and embarrassment into a strange kind of perspective. It was all basically meaningless in the end. It was better to just be yourself. That girl, she either likes you, or she doesn’t. She’s either interested, or she isn’t. No single combination of words or actions are going to make a girl turn from disinterested into a raging slut, certain drunk girls at the club perhaps being an exception.

Well, in this world, every girl was that drunk girl at the club, ready to bring home a guy at a moment’s notice. Anna was no exception. I could tell she had been looking for the words to invite me to the bedroom. Now that I said that I genuinely had meant going out rather than staying here with her, she couldn’t stop a flash of disappointment from showing on her face, but to her credit, she covered it up quickly and gave me a smile.

“So, where would you like to go?” She asked. “Th-the park?”

I wanted to roll my eyes at how transparent she was being, but I fought the urge and instead gave her a smile. “Do you know the way to the middle school?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"S-so, what are we doing here?” Anna asked.

“Just looking…” I brought my binoculars up to my face.

I didn’t have the wig on. In the end, I decided that it was too ridiculous, especially around a cute girl I didn’t know. Instead, I had my hood up and a pair of sunglasses. We were now parked in the middle school, watching as buses pulled up one after another.

They didn’t let the students into the school right away. Rather, they all had to wait outside until the first bell rang. Only then, someone unlocked the door and let them in. I remembered that from back when I was in middle school. It was a good chance to socialize with friends, but since I didn’t have any, I mostly remembered being forced to stand out there for ten minutes in the bitter cold because the teachers couldn’t be bothered to let us in right away.

There she was! I grew excited and leaned forward as I saw my little sister Bethany get off the bus. I understood her to be rather popular and have many female friends. Yet, at the moment, she wasn’t with anyone when she got off. In fact, she was completely alone. I couldn’t help but frown at the sight.

“Why do I feel like we’re doing something illegal?” She asked awkwardly to fill the silence.

I sighed and pointed. “That’s my little sister. Yesterday, I found out she was covered in bruises.”

“An adult is hitting her?” She asked with a gasp.

“No… some guy.”

She suddenly snorted a laugh, causing me to shoot her a glare. Her cheeks turned red.

“I’m sorry… it’s just, so? It’s just a boy.”

“And you’re just a girl!” I snapped back.

She blinked, her expression a mixture of confusion and bewilderment. She really just didn’t get it.

“Everyone would have the same attitude as you. It’s just a boy. Boys can’t hurt girls. They’re too weak! Bah!”

“Girls hurting boys is no laughing matter.” She said seriously. “But, I mean, how could a guy hurt a girl.”

“Agh! You know what I meant!’

She had an expression like she didn’t. It was still hard thinking and talking in reverse. I took a deep breath to relax my nerves.”

“You didn’t see the bruises on her. This guy is doing more than giving her playful love taps, okay?”

“Okay!” She held up her hands helplessly. “I get it. You really care about your sister.”

“Hm… sisters.”

“You have more than one? I have a sister too. How many do you have.”

“Six.”

“S-six!” Her face turned white.

“What’s with that face?” I asked as she looked at me strangely.

“Ah… it’s just… it must be a difficult guy to date.”

“Hmm? I always thought I was easy.”

She suddenly smirked, but then quickly looked away, not meeting my eyes. I glowered as my brain caught up to my words, and I shot her a stare.

“You just though… “That’s what I was hoping for.” Didn’t you?”

“Huh?” She spun with a shocked expression that gave everything away, but then immediately lowered her eyes. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. Who would think that?”

I knew it! The reason she thought something like that is because I probably would have thought the same thing if I was in her situation.  That actually pissed me off a bit. This girl I barely know skips school because she thinks that if I asked her out, she gets sex, and I’m the one who is easy?

She seemed to realize she had done wrong, as she quieted up and looked away. At that point, rather than joining the crowds near the door, Bethany was heading to the side. It took me a moment to realize someone was around the corner and had made a gesturing motion for her to come over.

I immediately got out of the car and began walking the other direction. I took a few steps before I moved into a light jog, running around the school so I’d approach from the back of where Bethany had gone.

“W-wait!” I heard Anna get out of her car, but at that point, I had already rounded the building and was almost running along the back of the school.

This part of the school faced a wooded area and offered a great deal of privacy, especially close to the building where you couldn’t see people out of the many windows. I continued at a fast pace until I reach the other corner. At this point, I could hear voices. I moved to the corner and turned my ear to listen.

“Did you bring it?” I heard a man’s voice ask.

He had a nasely voice filled with disdain and ridicule.

“Yes…” Bethany said quietly.

“Give it over!” I heard her grabbing something that sounded like papers. “What is this? This doesn’t look like my writing!”

“You’re supposed to copy it…”

“What did you say?” He demanded, sounded a bit like a gang member.

“You’re supposed to put it in your own writing before…”

“Rewrite it? Then what’s the point in having you do my homework in the first place? You’re so damn stupid!”

Slap! I jumped, not expecting him to already hit her. Rage started to fill me. I was just about to walk out when a hand grabbed me. I looked back to Anna, who was holding my arm. She had a questioning look on her face. I immediately turned back, sneaking a peak, but I remained in cover. Unfortunately, I could only see Bethany who was holding her arm defensively and the back of some guy’s head.

“Since you’re my girlfriend, you should take care of me better!” The guy said snobbishly. “You are my girlfriend, right?”

“O-of course.”

I was stunned for a moment. Were they actually dating? Bethany wasn’t into that kind of thing, was she? The look on her face was not someone who was pervertedly enjoying this.

“Hmph… good. Don’t even think of breaking it off. I’ll just tell everyone you raped me. You get it?” He snorted.

“I understand…” She responded, her eyes looking dead.

I reached my limit. Yanking my hand free of Anna’s grip, I immediately stormed out from my cover. As I rounded the corner, Bethany saw me. First confusion, then shock and finally shame filled her eyes as she looked away. Noticing her looking, the guy turned around and shot me a glare. My steps faltered as I realized this guy wasn’t in middle school.

Well, he probably wasn’t, but he shouldn’t have been. He was built like a football player. More than that, he was accompanied by two other guys on either side of him. They were both just as large. One of the three was about my size, and the other two were larger. They were playing on their cellphones, but as I approached, they looked up and stepped forward like bodyguards. I thought I’d just need to scare little middle schoolers, but these guys looked like they could kick my ass.

“Who the hell are you?” The guy in front, someone with blonde died hair, a pudgy face, and a permanent sneer demanded.

“H-he’s my b-“

“Boyfriend!” I said, ignoring the “huh?” from behind me and the shocked look on her face.

The guy’s expression turned incredulous. “What?”

“Oh? Didn’t you know she had a boyfriend in high school? Well, now, you do. So, fuck off!”

He raised an eyebrow and then looked at the two guys next to him and sneered. “You’re some high school loser who dates middle schoolers because you can’t find a girl your own age? Sorry, freak, she’s already mine.”

Even though I was afraid, I couldn’t back down. This was my little sister I was talking about. This was the only thing I could do for her. In thirteen years of life, this was the first thing I had ever done for her. I couldn’t back down.

I took a breath and stepped forward, schooling my face with what I hoped looked cocky. “I don’t give a shit about some reject who couldn’t even get into high school. My girlfriend is my girlfriend. I came here to find out what slut dared to touch my woman.”

It was kind of fun trying to smack talk as a girl would. It was a bit tough, though. I had to stop and think. Fortunately, this guy was clearly a bit slow and gave me the time to think out my next words.

“Y-you… shut the hell up!”

“Leave… my woman… alone. Dick.” I punctuated each word and then held up my finger and shook it.

“Man… whatever. Beat this dick up!” He gestured for the other two men to come forward.

I held up my hands. This was my moment of truth. I wasn’t completely defenseless. Truth be told, when I was in middle school, I also had a bully. Perhaps that’s why this meant so much that I did something about Bethany’s problem. My bully beat the shit out of me every day. I eventually convinced mom to let me take martial arts. I ended up in Judo for about six months. I knew a few dozen throws. However, by the time I was confident I could at least escape my bully with what I knew, he had ended up thrown in juvey for stabbing a teacher in the butt with a pencil.

Now, I was trying to recall everything I had ever learned, while two men easily as big as my bully descended on me. I gulped, ready to try a move, but before I could do anything, one of the guys grabbed me and pulled me into a headlock. The other one moved forward, and then kicked my shin while the first one pulled my hair.

“Yeah! Beat his ass!”

“No!” Bethany tried to take a step forward, but then the boy casually pushed her back.

She fell to the ground, looking over at me tearfully as two men were all over me. As for me, I had a confused look on my face.

“Ow… Ow…!”

“Yeah, you stupid bitch. Take this!”

He scratched my arm, and my frown deepened. It hurt, sure… but it was also… really not much? My bully used to punch me in the gut until I puked blood. Their nails were very sharp, and a sharp pain went up my ankle whenever they kicked, leaving me dancing to try to avoid his kicks, but that was really it. Comparatively, this wasn’t the ass-kicking I had expected. But when I saw Bethany get pushed to the ground, I felt the rage in me renew.

Using a move that got me out of the headlock, I grabbed onto the arms of the boy holding me. He looked genuinely surprised to see me suddenly move. I brought my head forward and slammed my forehead into his nose. There was an immediate noise of crunching that sounded out for everyone to hear.

There was a moment of stunned silence as everyone stared. The guy stumbled back, clutching his nose, and blood immediately spurted from it. His eyes rolled up in his head, and he suddenly fainted.

“No…no…no!” The other guy suddenly looked afraid, backing away with his hands up, but I was really pissed at this point.

I grabbed him and brought up my knee. It slammed into his testicles. It didn’t matter what world this was, getting kneed in the groin hurt, even for tiny testicles.

“Ahhhh!” He cried out, falling to the ground.

I turned my glare to the final boy, the so-called boyfriend.

“You… you… bitch… what are you, a delinquent?” He said, half in disbelief and half in desperation. “I’m going to go tell…”

“No!” I barked, causing him to jerk in place, freezing. “I’m going to tell you what’s going to happen. You’re going to fuck off and leave my girlfriend alone. You won’t touch her, look at her, or even breath on her. If I here even a whiff of a rape allegation, I know girls who can make that a reality for you happily!”

His expression turned white. “I… I…”

“You can shut the fuck up!” I continued to approach him one step at a time. “Because I’ll tell you what will happen if you don’t. I’ll write on every wall in every boy’s bathroom at high school your name. I’ll say you have a yeast infection and genital warts. It’ll be a year before you step into that high school, but by then, everyone will know your name. No guy will be your friend, and no girl will look at you. I will ruin you before you can even start. Do you understand me?”

He nodded, his eyes widened, and I realized he was peeing himself as I saw a wet spot running down his pant.

“Y-you’re crazy!” he finally got out defiantly.

“I love Bethany! So, say what you want about me, but I will burn the world for her.” I pulled out a letter opener. I love her so much. I carved her name in my leg. How about you? I think… I’ll carve her name into your forehead!”

At this point, the distance between us was bridged, and at the end of my words, I let the letter opener fall forward, hitting his forehead with a thump.

“Ah…ahhhh…ahhhhgggg…” His eyes were widened, and he started to scream, but then his eyes rolled up in his head, and he passed out in a puddle of his own piss.

I kneeled down, patted his pants, and then pulled out his cellphone. The other two men I similarly grabbed their cellphones. Then I took pictures. One of them on the ground unconscious and another with their shirts lifted up. As soon as I did it, Bethany, and Anna, who had approached but looked like they wanted to jump back in hiding, looked away with blushes on their faces.

“I think they’ll get the message,” I said, making sure that I had a copy of each photo before dropping them on their unconscious bodies.

Only at this point did Bethany come forward. “B-brother.”

It was my turn to blush. “S-sorry… I overdid it, huh?”

She didn’t pull away or look disgusted. Instead, she was looking at me with an expression I’d never seen before. It was an expression like wonderment.

“You have blood on your cheek.” She reached out and wiped it.

Our bodies were very close. We moved a bit closer.

“Ahem.” Anna suddenly coughed, “We might want to get out of here… quickly?”

I pulled away. “Get going, Bethany. I’ll see you at home.”

I turned away. She had her hand out like she wanted to say more, but then a tearful smile formed on her face and she spun around, running back around the corner. Anna was right, in the end. We made too much noise, and it was only a matter of time before someone investigated this mess. Anna walked beside me as we headed the opposite direction from Bethany. It was at this point; I could hear the bell ringing to start school too.

“That’s your sister, right?” Anna asked a slight bit of doubt in her voice.

“It is,” I responded curtly. “Did you think to help me at all?”

She stiffened. “Ah! It looked like you had everything handled. Besides, how could I fight a boy?”

“Hmmm…. Fuuuuuu…”the word came out just as we turned a corner and saw a teacher standing there.

We had already left the crime scene behind by a bit, but this woman had her arms crossed and was glaring at us. She immediately stormed our way. She looked like a gym teacher to me. Her eyes immediately went to Anna.

“You… you’re not a middle school student!”

“I-I’m not! I go to the high school!” She said honestly, clearly too nervous to lie.

“You damn older kids… coming to pick on the younger classmen and cause trouble! I heard a suspicious person was sneaking around the school! That was clearly you!”

“Ahh…I… I’m sorry! I didn’t mean it!” She accepted the accusation instantly.

Her expression softened slightly. “Fine, I remember what it was like being a young girl too. Used the spy on the middle school guys in gymnastics… cough… I mean, get lost kid, or I’ll call the cops.”

“I’m gone!” She immediately ran, taking off without me.

I tried to follow, but the woman held up her hand. “You sure you okay, mister? She didn’t do anything funny, did she?”

I noticed her hand was very close to touching my chest. This motion would have meant nothing to me a few days ago, but suddenly I was noticing things like this.

“No, I’m fine.”

She broke into a smile. “Good, you be a good boy and move on.”

No lecture for me at all. In fact, I had though the suspicious person would be me. My sunglasses had fallen off in the fight, but I was still wearing the hoodie and had binoculars hanging from my neck. Yet, I received not a single accusation. As I passed, I noticed she looked back and down. It took me a moment to realize she had been checking out my ass.

Thankfully, Anna hadn’t taken off without me, and her car was still waiting in the parking lot. I got in the passenger side, and the two of us sat for a moment in silence. Suddenly, Anna broke into laughter. She just started laughing nervously like she had just escaped death. A moment later, I joined her. The two of us just sat in the car in the middle of a parking lot laughing at nothing. When I finally caught my breath, I turned over to Anna.

“We probably should get out of here before they connect us with the beaten-up middle schoolers.”

Her laugh stopped like it hit a brick wall. She sobered up extremely quickly.

“Yeah… let’s go.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You're crazy…” Anna said.

“Hmm?” I glanced over at her.

“That… was crazy.”

I let out a chuckle. “I’m sorry. I know you were probably expecting something different.”

“No… I mean… it was really fun. I’ve never done anything like that before. I go to a private school, you know? All of my classmates are these preppy uptight guys. The guys at my school, they’re nothing like you…”

“Really?”

She looked away, blushing as she continued to drive me home. Anna was really easy to read, and it was kind of fun. It was clear she was excited. In fact, I was kind of riled up too. I couldn’t believe I had done all of that. The past me would have never been so bold. I just hoped that we didn’t end up in trouble down the line because of that. Everything was really crazy for a bit.

“W-we’re almost back to the house.” She responded breathily, her eyes darting between me and the road like she was looking for a reaction.

“Ah… my big sister will be stopping by soon. If she catches me with a girl at home when I’m supposed to be sick, I’ll probably get in a lot of trouble… so…”

“Ah… right… of course… right…” She had a disappointed look and seemed to be nodding a bit too enthusiastically while failing to conceal her bitter expression.

“It was fun, though. I would like to hang out with you again.”

“Y-yeah… of course, any time! Just call me! Anna will be there…. Ah, I mean, I’ll be there.”

I chuckled, and her face turned red. She couldn’t pull off the third person; it seemed.

As we turned onto my block, I started trying to switch places with her mentally. I had called her up just to use her car. It really was kind of bullshit. She had expectations, but she was your typical nice girl. Well, they called them the nice guy before. She had hoped for a reward by driving me around, and even though we had fun, she was hoping for something more.

Then, I considered what I would be like in that situation. If I had taken off school, come to a girl’s house, drove her around town like a chauffeur, and then we just split ways. I’d be annoyed. Of course, I’d never show it toward the girl. Heck, I’d probably do the whole thing a second time expecting different results. However, there would be some resentment building and a feeling like I had been cheated. We pulled into my driveway, and I let out a breath. So, knowing that, what would I want from a girl? The answer was pretty clear.

“Thank you…” I said. “Thank you for everything.”

She lifted her hand from the wheel and nodded, but she didn’t look at me. She was probably afraid of showing an expression I wouldn’t like. So, I leaned forward and kissed her cheek. Her entire body shook, and then she looked over with a surprised expression, her mouth gaping open.

“Really, thank you,” I said, and then bit my lip. “As you’ve probably figured out, I’m not like other guys. If you want things… you don’t have to be shy about it. I’m very accommodating.”

As I said those words, I gently put my hand on her leg. I felt like such a predator here, but I tried to turn off my normal warning parameters. If a girl looked at me the way I was looking at her and did the same thing, my mind would be exploding with fireworks.

“Ah! No… I mean… I don’t expect anything!’ She grew extremely panicked. “You’re welcome for everything! And thank you! I mean…”

I pushed forward and kissed her lips. I didn’t stick my tongue out but just gave a single long kiss before pulling back. She was staring at me with wonder like I had completely blown her world. Having this much power and control over a situation, it really amazed me.

“I want to see you again,” I said.

“Ah… I do… too…” She said. “Y-you’re sexy. And cute. Crazy… but I don’t mind that.”

“Okay?” I smiled and then went to kiss her a second time.

Honk!

It wasn’t the horn of this car, but a horn from behind us. I had jumped and hit my head on the roof of the car. I grabbed my head and looked in the rear view mirror. My expression instantly fell. There was a car directly behind us in the driveway with their light on, but I recognized the car immediately. More than that, there was a woman who was getting out of the car. They slammed the door aggressively and started walking up, their movements heavy.

“Oh… fuuuuuuuuuu….” I said.

“Who is that?” Anna asked in a panic.

“Big sister…” I said, looking straight ahead.

The passenger side door opened roughly, and London stood there, staring down at me angrily. “Get out of the car!”

Her voice was seething in anger.

“I left a note in the house if you came before…”

“I said, get out of the car!” She shouted this time.

“S-seriously?”

She reached out and grabbed my arm, yanking me out. I started moving, a shocked look on my face.

“Ow! What the hell?” I snapped, but she ignored me as she yanked me from the passenger seat and then walked me back to her car.

She opened the door and gestured. “Get in, now.”

Her voice held absolutely no humor, and she was scowling at me. “Fine…”

I got into the car and then she slammed it shut. Then, she spun around again and began walking back to Anna’s car. My eyes widened as I realized she was actually going to talk to Anna. I couldn’t hear what they were saying, and I couldn’t see the expression on either of their faces. London was leaning into Anna’s car from the side she had pulled me out. About two minutes later, she pulled out, slammed her door, and then returned to this car. She got into the driver’s side, turned on the car, and then pulled out of the driveway.

She waited until Anna pulled her car out. As Anna’s car passed ours, she glanced over at me. Her face was white. I mouthed the word ‘sorry’ before she took off down the street. How could I have predicted London would act like this. A week ago, we barely even talked to each other. Now, she was acting completely crazy.

Once Anna was gone, she put the car in drive and then took off down the street. She was driving a bit fast and aggressive, and it actually caused me a bit of worry. Having enough of the silence, I turned to her.

“Where are we going?” I demanded.

“Since you can’t be trusted alone, I’m taking you to my apartment.” She declared.

“…” I looked away, feeling a bit mortified and angry myself. “What did you say to her?”

“Is she your girlfriend?” London asked instead of answering me.

“She… might be…”

“Is she the girl whose car you got in this weekend?” London demanded.

“Yes.” I was happy to lie about that one because I didn’t want the truth to be known.

“Tsk…” She made an irritated sound. “How long have you been dating?”

“What does it matter to you?”

“I’m asking the questions! How long?”

“We only met when she hit me with her car…”

“Wait? She’s the one who hit you?” London slowed her car down and shot me a look of disbelief. “You… I should have kicked her ass!”

“That’s not your job.”

“My job is to keep you safe! You’re my little brother. And here you are kissing some girl you barely know. She knows where you live, and you even got in her car. That’s dangerous and stupid! For all you know, she could be some kind of creeper or stalker!”

I couldn’t stop myself from laughing at how ridiculous this all was. It wasn’t a laugh of happiness or relief, but of letting off pressure from this crazy world. Dangerous? Stupid. She’s just a girl! I’m a guy. It should be the other way around. Not that I can tell her the truth. She wouldn’t believe me.

“And what about that Sam girl. You dating her too?”

“She’s… just a friend.”

“Just a friend…” London muttered angrily.

“What’s it to you, anyway?” I snapped. “Why is who I date, who I kiss, and who I sleep with your business?”

“You’re sleeping with them?” She slammed on the breaks, pulling to the side of the road.

For a second, I actually panicked at how angry London suddenly looked. She reached over and grabbed my arms, looking at me. Her eyes were filled with anger, but also strangely a bit of fear.

“What are you doing?” I said helplessly.

“Tell me, are you slutting around with women everywhere?”

“London… you have a fiancé…” I said, instead of answering her.

Her face went through several different expressions before she turned away, letting me go for a moment. I rubbed my arms, which hurt a bit where London had grabbed them.

“Noah… you just… you drive me crazy. I can’t even tell what you’re thinking.”

“I already told you the truth… you just refused to believe it.”

“Don’t give me that crap about boys being girls or whatever.”

“London, I’m not making anything up. I’m just like you. We want the same things.”

She reached out and grabbed me again, this time more gentle as she looked into my eyes intensely. “So, if I said I want to tear off your clothes and have my way with you, what would you think.”

“Let’s do it?”

She blinked and then started laughing and shaking her head. She pulled away and sat back down in her seat. After a moment, she put the car back in drive and got back on the road. I blinked, for the first time wondering what she thought since I couldn’t follow.

“So, we’re not having sex?”

She sighed, “Just, rest at my house today. Give it a few nights for the swelling to go down, okay.”

The only swelling that was going on was my penis, but I decided not to say that. She was back on the belief that this was all just some traumatic head injury. I wanted to break her of that delusion, but I didn’t think there was a thing I could say that would do it. The remainder of our journey occurred in silence, and before long, we pulled up to a small four-story building. This was the apartment that she was living in, although I had only had it pointed out to me in passing. I had never actually been in her place.

She parked in her spot, and then I got out and followed her. She used a key to get into the lobby, and the pair of us went up to the third floor. London took me to her apartment, unlocked the door, and stepped in. Her apartment had a nice clean smell to it and wasn’t gross like the house. At least this place would be a refuge from my other sisters.

As soon as she stepped in, I heard a man make a noise. He had been sitting on the couch. He was wearing what looked to be pajamas.

“Ah! Lonny, you’re home early? Is something wrong?” Her fiancé, who I had only seen twice before, was standing there.

He was a bit different than I remembered. He didn’t have visible tattoos, and his hair was better. In my old world, he was in a band and a bit of a freeloader. I didn’t know what he was like in this world.

His eyes landed on me, and I instantly saw an expression of dislike. I had never seen a guy look at me like that unless we had some kind of personal history together. Did we have a history in this world?

“Who is this?” He demanded, crossing his arms and glaring at me.

That instantly dispelled the idea that he knew me. How could you so easily dislike someone you didn’t even know?

“Ah, this is my brother. He’s home alone right now after having an accident, and I wanted to take care of him, so I brought him over. I hope that’s okay.” London gave him a hopeful smile.

He smiled brightly, the jealous and hateful expression completely gone as he looked at London, “Of course! He’s your family! Your family is my family!”

“Thank you for being so great, babe.” London wrapped her arms around the guy, and they hugged.

However, as they were hugging, the smile fell, and his eyes shot to me, and he gave me a deathly stare. There was absolutely no love there. I gulped. Apparently, this place was a snake pit after all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Your hair is so pretty. It’s like you don’t even try!”

“…”

“S-sorry, he’s shy,” London said stiffly, cracking open a beer and taking a sip.

“C-can I have a sip?” I asked.

We were sitting in their family room now. London was on a recliner, while I sat next to her boyfriend on the couch. He still had a fake smile on his face and was trying to carry on a conversation, all while seemingly sending veiled insults my way. I didn’t know if London picked up on them, but she seemed to be willfully pretending they weren’t there. This was going to be a long day, so I asked for a drink. London tilted her drink my direction. I went to grab it, but her boyfriend grabbed it first and immediately took a sip.

When he pulled it away from his lips, he shot me a quick smug expression and then London a glare. “He’s too young to drink! You should know better.”

London gave a helpless shrug and then me an apologetic look. “Sorry, he’s right. Besides, alcohol isn’t good when you have a brain injury. It might cause depression.”

I’m depressed now! I felt like chucking that bottle at her, so it was perhaps best that I didn’t have it.

“Oh, do you want a juice box? I think I have some left from my old job.” The guy asked, standing up and going to the fridge.

“Dan used to do a little babysitting to help bring in some money,” London explained to me.

Dan grabbed a small juice box from the fridge and then came over and pulled the straw off and even put it in before handing it to me. I had a deep frown on my face. I really wanted to smack this guy. He gave me an ingratiating smile before sitting on the other side of the couch. London just nodded like this was normal.

“I think I’m just going to lie down,” I said while holding the juice box in my hand. “I have a bit of a headache.”

“Ah, that’s fine!” London stood back up. “You can use my guest room over here. Actually, I do need to go for a bit.”

“What, you just came back? Where are you going?”

“Just work, honey.”

“B-but you have off!”

“I know… but I wanted to look at some patient records. It won’t be that long, okay?”

“You’re always working…” Dan pouted.

It was truly strange watching a woman sooth over a pouty man who was a head taller than her. I could only walk away and head to the guest room. I was especially trying to avoid the sneering look that Dan gave me over London’s shoulder. This guy was really something else. In my old world, he was a piece of shit. I mean, I didn’t know him much personally, but you didn’t need to know a guy to be able to tell he was crap. Now, he didn’t seem much better in his new form. Different, but still a garbage human being.

Well, it wasn’t my business who London wanted to be with. Someone might think I should fight for her or at least make Dan get his comeuppance. London was just my sister, though. We had shared a few strange moments in the last few days since I woke up in this world, but that didn’t mean I was ready to throw caution to the wind and start a conflict with her fiancé. Plus, this guy seemed to be the type who would make my life hell if I got in his way.

Guys getting with toxic women was normal. So, the opposite was probably true here. Above all that, there was nothing that I could say. London saw me as just a little brother and would toss away anything I tried to say as just some kind of jealousy or something. On top of all that, I was already a bit pissed at London for embarrassing me in front of Anna and dragging me here in the first place. Now, she was just going to leave me with this guy who hated me, so I was also a little pissed at her.

I went into the room she indicated and closed the door. The room was small, and the guest bed was uncomfortable, but it was better than dealing with the nasty looks and sneers from Dan. I just had to kill a few hours until mom got home. Then I could call and have her pick me up. That was as good of a plan as any.

As I lay down, I considered the events that had transpired during the last few days. I had to think about things carefully because everything had felt like a dream. It didn’t feel real to me. I had lost my virginity, slept with a stranger, and had even gotten a few handjobs. My mom, my sisters, everyone was different than they used to be. I let out a long breath and then closed my eyes. Eventually, I went to sleep.

There was a thumping noise, and then the giggling of a woman. My eyes opened groggily. Reaching into my pocket, I pulled out my cellphone. It had only been a few hours. It was in the afternoon now, around 2 pm.

“Shh… my fiance’s little brother is in that room!” The words were at the edge of my hearing, but as soon as I heard it, I sat up, and my eyes widened instantly.

I went from half asleep to awake like that. The voice had distinctly sounded like Dan’s. I stood up and went to the door, only to hear another giggle. That giggle was a girl. Was London flirting around with Dan? I made a face. I really didn’t want to see that. I thought of just bursting into the room and breaking them up. It’d piss Dan off, so that was already a good reason to do it. However, I hesitated and instead continued to listen.

“When is she getting home again?” A female voice asked.

“I just called her. She said they tossed some work on her and she’s out until 5.”

“Plenty of time. You’re so damn beautiful, boy. I can’t wait to get you out of those clothes.”

“I already said, my fiance’s little brother is here, you need to be quiet.” Dan hissed in a loud whisper.

“You said he’s sleeping though.”

“Yeah, he shouldn’t hear anything from our bedroom. I’ll just turn the tv up high.”

“You slutty little boy, can’t even wait, you have to let me give it to you even while you have company.”

My eyes began to widen. Was I really hearing what I thought I was hearing? Dan was out there with another girl. That meant that he was having an affair on London!

“Sh-shut up! You’re the one who came over even though I said it wasn’t a good time.”

“Haha… that’s because that dumbass woman of yours can’t please you as I can.”

“She-she brought home that stupid little brother of hers. This was supposed to be our night together, but she left that boy and then she ran off to work again. She’s always busy with work, and when she’s not busy, she’s always over there at her mom’s house. She keeps going Noah this, and Noah that. She’s totally obsessed with her little brother!”

“Hehe… incest… nice. Maybe I should knock on his door and see if he wants to join in. I’ve never tasted a little brother before.”

“Gross! Don’t be a pig, Regina.”

“Don’t you like me cause I’m a pig. I eat you up all the time.” There was a snorting noise followed by giggles and then kissing noises.

“Ahn… damn, I’m so hard when you kiss me that way.” Dan said, pulling away from her kiss.

“Hehe… I’m better than your fiancée, aren’t I?”

“Mm…”

“Say it!”

“Y-you’re pussy is way better than London’s.”

“Damn right! Go in that bedroom and strip for me. Get started too. I want your dick stiff when I go get on it.”

“Wh-where are you going?”

“Haha, what? I got to take a piss?”

“He’s in the bedroom right next to that bathroom!”

“Don’t worry. I’ll be quiet. Won’t even flush. Haha. Just go.”

“P-please do.”

I heard a door open next to my door and then footsteps into the room adjacent to mine. A moment later, I heard another door close on the other side of the family room. That would have been Dan going into the bedroom. I heard the sound of this girl named Regina humming. She wasn’t trying to be conspicuous at all! I mean, they weren’t loud. If I was a heavy sleeper, I would have slept through all of it. However, I was actually a very light sleeper.

So, Dan was having an affair. From the sound of it, this had been going on for a while. I didn’t know this Regina girl. I didn’t really know anything, other than that while London was out, he was fooling around with other women on their bed.

I pulled out my cellphone. I immediately typed for London. I told her I’d like her to come home immediately. If I could get her to walk in on him having sex, that would be the best. However, it was only fifteen seconds later that I got a return text.

Sorry, I’m busy. I’ll be home in a few hours.

I texted back, declaring it an emergency. She responded, ‘If Dan can’t help, call mom.’ Damn it! Why does she have to suddenly be like this now? I could try to get pictures, but that would be difficult to do without getting caught. If I just told London everything without evidence, I already could imagine what would happen. Dan would feed her some sob story about how I must not like him to make up such a cruel thing.

London, who already was putting off everything on my concussion, would just say I imagined it, or maybe I really am trying to slander, Dan. It was his word against mine, and he was older and had my sister by the pussy. Even if I told the truth and she believed me, there was a good chance that Dan would get London to somehow forgive him just on principle. He would use the fact London is trying to get her medical license as a means of guilting her into staying.

Yet, if I did nothing, I’d be condoning my sister to getting cheated on by a scummy guy. I needed more time. I needed to come up with a way to expose Dan for who he truly was. Did that mean I needed to stay quiet and pretend I didn’t hear them having sex? No… I wasn’t thinking this through.

Dan was not thinking right now. He was horny, and he was willing to cheat even with me here. He had convinced himself that I didn’t hear anything. However, once he came and started thinking logically, he’d realize that I had totally heard everything. Once he comes to that realization, he won’t go easy on me. Knowing that I know, he’ll immediately start trying to set up ground work to ruin me in London’s eyes. He might say something like I stole his jewelry. Maybe a lie or something he swears I said about London. It would build and build until my relationship with London was destroyed. If I allowed that to happen, then it would be that much harder to separate them.

I heard the toilet flush. I looked over at the wall, where the bathroom next door had this stranger, Regina, in it. Suddenly, a plan started to form in my head. I couldn’t let Dan know that I knew he was a cheater. If they ended up having sex, the news would definitely be out. However, if Regina never made it to his bedroom, then maybe…

It was crazy, but then another thought came to me. Dan liked to cheat on my sister? How would he like it if the same happened to him?

I slid out of my door quietly, making sure to make no noise. I went into the bathroom just as quietly. I saw Regina for the first time. She had her back turned to me and was washing her hands. She didn’t seem to have heard me slipping in. I took a breath to steady myself. It was time to give Dan a taste of his own medicine! I reached back and locked the bathroom door with a click.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Announcement

MOTH is available for free up to Chapter 30 on . This novel has been supported on a per donation basis. It could really use your support as it is close to being picked up as a regular release. I will increase releases on SH to twice a week if this goal gets met on Patreon this month (the goal is about $60).

As soon as the door to the room clicked with the sound of the lock, the woman realized I was in there. She turned around, her mouth falling open in shock. If I had to describe the girl, she was somewhat pretty. She had curly brown hair and brown eyes. She has large lips. She wore makeup, perhaps too much of it. In this world, women wore makeup alongside men. Rather than switching sides in this reverse culture, it just became more normal for men to wear makeup alongside women.

Of course, it wasn’t every woman who would wear makeup. I guess the guy equivalent would be the clubber and pickup artist douchebags in the overpriced shirt with the nice car. He had hair filled with hair gel and axe body spray. Actually, he probably would wear makeup, so maybe it isn’t so different after all.

“You… um… you’re that boy that’s his girlfriends… um…” She looked around with panic in her eyes. “I’m just a friend who is hanging out.”

Well, she was uncaring and clumsy, but she wasn’t a complete asshole. She was concerned she had outed Dan. Perhaps, it was only to the level where she wouldn’t get sex from Dan anymore, but that was at least something.

I didn’t really blame her. Maybe that was a bit hypocritical. You might blame the douchy guy who went in and slept with your girlfriend, but some habits were hard to kill. I put all the blame firmly on Dan here, who had chosen to cheat on my sister. Of course, my sister probably wouldn’t be any happier if she knew I was doing it, but that was the thing about family. We didn’t always do the thing the other wanted.

This wasn’t just for my sister, but my own satisfaction too. Dan really had pissed me off with his passive-aggressive comments. I wasn’t used to this kind of world, so I wasn’t used to that kind of behavior. Normally, he would have punched me, I’d have punched him, then I’d get my ass kicked, and it’d be over. There would be nothing personal between us. We were just guys. However, the Dan of this world made it personal, so I was going to show him how personal I could be.

“So, you’re Regina?” I asked, looking her up and down.

She laughed awkwardly. “So, you were awake, huh? Damn… it looks like you want to tell your big sister about this? Well, it’s not like I’m sorry or anything. It’s nothing personal to your sister, I just see something I want, and I take it.”

“How ma… uh… girly of you?”

“Hmm…” She reached into her pocket and pulled out a wallet. “You’re a guy. You like money, right? How about I give you $40. The mall is just down the street. Get lost for two hours and go buy yourself something nice?”

“Just $40? I had been eyeing this cute outfit.”

“You…” She narrowed her eyes. “Fine… $100, but that’s all I got. Damn… this bitch is expensive. He better be skilled with his tongue is all I’m saying.”

“Dan? Oh… he has herpes.”

“Wh-what? Seriously? Shit! Damn slut! I can’t afford to get an STD!”

“So, you’re clean?”

“H-hey! I make my dicks wear a rubber! What kind of gal do you take me for?” She frowned and then moved to push past me, but I moved in her way. “What’s the big idea?”

“Since Dan has got a floppy dick, how about someone else? $100, right?”

“Wh-what are you, a whore?”

I reached out and undid her pants, causing her eyes to widen. “I’m just a guy who if he sees something he wants, he takes it.”

Tossing her words back at her, the girl gave a tempted look. I began to push her back against the bathroom sink and then started up zipping her pants. She grabbed my hands before I could pull her pants down.

“W-wait… you’re a kid, right?”

“I’m sixteen.”

“Shit!” She cursed.

“Sixteen is the legal age where we are.”

“S-seriously? Not eighteen.”

I shook my head. “That’s for being in a porn. Trust me, I checked.”

“Yo-you’re definitely the right age, right?”

“Do you want to card me?”

“Actually, that’d be best.”

“Sorry, I don’t have a driver’s license yet.”

“You dick…”

“What about my dick?” I playfully brought her hands to it.

I was erect, and she could feel it through my pants. Instantly, I could see the lust in her eyes grew stronger.

“Damn… teenagers these days are thirsty.” She muttered.

She let me put my hands in her pants, and I pulled them and her underwear down. She was wearing some silk panties. They weren’t fancy, but they were nicer than what I had seen Sam or that other woman in. She had come out looking for sex, so this was probably the equivalent.

Her hands went up to my shirt, and then she grabbed my chest. Her fingers started pinching my nipples. It did nothing for me, but a thought suddenly hit me, and I decided to have fun with it. I let my eyes flutter, and I let out an orgasmic moan, my hands faltering as they brought her pants and underwear down past her hips. This seemed to cause her to grow even more assertive.

“You have sensitive nipples, don’t you?’ She asked, playing with them excitedly.

“Mmhmm…” I bit my lip and nodded, giving her a fake lustful look.

Not for the first time, I found myself reevaluating anything I had ever seen done to a woman. Women would be twirling and writhing in pleasure over nipple play. For me, I felt aroused. I didn’t hate it, but it wasn’t the mind-blowing orgasm-inducing thing porn made it out to be. I wondered if this was a product a person’s mindset.

“Get up on the sink,” I told her as I helped her scoot her butt up.

With that, I bent down and put my head between her legs. I could have teased her by kissing her thighs and teasing her cunt, but I was coming to a realization. If she was like a guy, she probably just wanted to get it licked like a guy. As a guy, if a girl was down there playing with my balls or licking my thighs, I’d probably just be counting the seconds until she stuck my cock in her mouth. In that case, the girls in this world didn’t need to have foreplay. They were already horny. They just wanted to get to the fun.

So, I didn’t hesitate to shove my tongue inside her. It tasted a bit like pee. She had just gone to the bathroom, but it wasn’t as gross as I might have thought. Rather, her scent was that of a woman, and it caused my raging boner to grow even harder. Up onto the ledge with her ass half hanging in the seat, all Regina could do was spread her legs and grab my hair.

I went to town, sucking down on her clit hard before diving my tongue inside her roughly. I had my face pressed against her womanhood so hard that my cheeks hurt, yet even with that, she was using her hands to push my head even further into her crotch.

“Ahhh…. Ahh… damn… you got a good tongue. Fuck my pussy with your tongue. Fuck it… ahhh… yeah… suck it like that!”

A nice thing about Regina and probably a lot of girls in this world were that they had no qualms about saying what they wanted. They wanted to get off, and they were willing to use someone to accomplish that, however possible. I recalled reading online forums about girls complaining that the guy didn’t make them cum. Guys would, in turn, complain about how hard it was to get a woman to achieve orgasm.

Women just seemed to expect a guy to figure out what pleasured them, all while keeping their mouth tight and their opinions refrained. They even faked their orgasms sometimes because the guy was continuing to swing and miss. Yet, with a small change in mindset, where the woman wanted to satisfy herself regardless of the consequences, and she was telling me exactly how she liked it.

Regina liked having her clit sucked hard. She liked it to the point where my lips hurt. Yet, when I did it, she’d orgasm and then squirt all over my face. As for Dan hearing us, he was two rooms over in a bedroom with the television on loud. Furthermore, I had turned the shower on in the bathtub. I was glad I did because just as she started her second orgasm, I heard a light tap on the door.

“Ahhhn.. ahh, babe?” Regina fought the moan and then gave a short yell.

“Regina? You okay in there?” I heard Dan’s voice on the other end.

I used this time to stand up and pull out my dick. I pushed it up against Regina’s wet entrance, rubbing the head against her pussy. She shuddered and grabbed my head.

“You naughty slut!” She hissed under her breath before shouting to the door. “Ah… yeah, just taking a shower. Almost done.”

“Okay, be quick. I don’t want Noah waking up before we’re done.”

I had put the pillows in my bed and turned down the lights in a way it looked like someone was sleeping there.

“What do you think? I asked teasingly in a low whisper. “Do you want Noah up?”

I pushed my head against her cunt.

“Fuck… stick it in!” She moaned.

“What did you say?” Dan’s voice called, and she blushed.

“Ah… I said as soon as I’m done; I’m going to fuck you good!”

“You’re so naughty. Be quick, or I’m going to use a toy, and you get nothing!” Dan called back.

“I guess he’ll have to use a toy tonight, hmm?”

“You dirty slut… fuck, you’re amazing. Why can’t other guys be like you?”

I grabbed her legs and shoved my cock the rest of the way into her snatch. She let out a gasp and wrapped her arms around me. This time, I started playing with her chest. She did look like she was genuinely enjoying it though, so maybe just certain people had sensitive breasts. I kissed her and our tongues intertwined while I continued to thrust into her. She eventually broke off the kiss, rolling her head up.

“Holy shit… fuck… fuck… you’re amazing! All the other guys just fucking lie there, you’re a fucking freak. Damn… I’m cumming again. Shit, I can’t hold it.”

To date, this was still only the third time I had sex. As much as I liked being called good at it, this speed was as much as I could handle.

“I’m going to cum.”

“Ah… shit… not raw, dude…”

“I’m clean…”

“Ah… damn it… it feels so good raw. Fuck it… just cum in me. If I get pregnant, I’ll get it taken care of.”

“I wouldn’t expect anything else!” I laughed, shoving my cock deep inside her as I released my cum.

Hot torrents of white exploded into her womb. Her body shuddered, and I could feel her pussy still sucking on my cock. She was still orgasming herself, and the residual spasms were milking my cock for all it was worth. I kissed her again, and we wrestled with our tongues messily for another few minutes until my cock was empty. I pulled my dick out of her gushy pussy.

“I guess with you dirty like that. You’re not gonna go run off to Dan?”

“Fuck, Dan!” She laughed, kissing my forehead. “Damn… that was fun. We should hook up again sometime.”

“Well, you better say your goodbyes to him quickly. He’ll definitely be suspicious.”

“True!” Her eyes widened as she checked her watch.

It had only been five minutes since Dan had checked on us. Well, if he was outside the door listening, he probably would have heard some of those ending moans there. I felt my heart beating fast with the thought that we might have been caught. I know that I wanted to prevent things with Dan progressing, but I did want to see the look on his face if he caught me with his woman. How would he even be able to react knowing that the girl he brought over was fucked by me in his bathroom.

Unfortunately, the dream was too good to be true. When we opened the door, I could hear the loud television in his room, and the door was shut.

“My number, call me any time you want pussy.” She winked at me shamelessly.

I smirked and grabbed her butt. “Maybe next time, you can give me a ride.”

“Hehe… I’ll give you the ride of your life!”

We kissed and then separated. However, I only entered my room and closed it to a crack before watching her head to the other room. As soon as she entered and closed the door, I quietly ran across and listened at the door. At first, I could only hear the television, but after thirty seconds, it was lowered.

“What’s wrong?” I heard Dan ask.

“Hey, babe, I got to go. I just realized I made a promise to a friend.”

“Really? But… I’m horny…”

“And I’d really like to, but you know, I don’t have the time. I shouldn’t have taken a shower, but I didn’t want you to smell my BO. Sorry, babe.”

“S-seriously?”

I heard the pair of them coming closer to the door, so I ran back to my room, shut it and then jumped into my bed. I heard them saying a few more things, but it was clear she was leaving and he was upset about it. After another minute, the front door shut. I waited in silence with my eyes closed and my back turned away from the door.

I heard it open a crack. I felt steps approaching me. Dan was seriously standing over my bed looking down at me. I had to fight the temptation to open my eyes and look to see what expression he had. Did he suspect that I had anything to do with Regina leaving? I didn’t know. I just kept my eyes closed and pretended to sleep.

Thankfully, after a minute or two, I heard his footsteps leave and then the door shut again. I carefully opened an eye, and after confirming he had indeed left the room, I let out a breath of relief. I had done it. Now, it was time to start thinking about how I was going to break them apart!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Announcement

The goal was met last month. Although there was a dip at the end of the month, this was expected. I'll honor my dues. You guys will get a second chapter on Wednesday.

"What’s your problem?”

“Come on, it’s fine.”

“Are you kidding? My little brother is right here?”

I was sitting in the chair while London was on the couch with her boyfriend, Dan. It was only another hour after Regina left that London finally returned home. I decided to wake up at that time and came out to sit on the chair. As for Dan, he was overcompensating for his affair by being all over London. He kept trying to kiss her neck and snuggle up to her, but she pulled away in annoyance as he tried to get closer. Dan was like a dog in heat. Did he really have no shame? No, I suppose he didn’t. Since I took his pussy, he only had his girlfriend to get it from.

When London gestured to me as the reason that he wasn’t getting any, Dan shot me a look that no longer even tried to hide his hate. He didn’t even know what I had done with that little partner he brought home. What would his face be like then? Thoughts like that allowed his snide comments and faces to roll off me like water as I put on a small smile.

“Ah, and you didn’t even prepare anything to eat? We have a guest!”

Dan frowned. “He’s not my guest!”

London returned the look, clearly displeased. “Don’t be like that, Dan. I’ve been at work all day, and I come home to see you haven’t done a thing. The house is messy, and you haven’t cooked. It’s really frustrating.”

Don’t worry, London. He brought some skanky girl over, got in your bed naked and… no… you’re right. He didn’t do a damn thing. I hid the smirk on my face behind a cough. Dan seemed to pick up on it though, shooting me even more glares.

“You’re sick too.” London sighed, glancing my way. “Noah, are you okay?”

“I honestly slept since you’ve been gone.” I pretend yawned which ended up turning into a real yawn. “I just got up when you got home. I’m a little hungry now, but it was fine. Dan did take a long shower, though, right?”

The color drained from Dan’s face. The look was extremely satisfying. Did I go a bit too far?

“Ah… I just remember waking up to someone using the shower. Then I went right back to sleep.” I tried to wave it off innocently.

“R-right!” Dan nodded, giving London a smile. “I was showering earlier.”

I wanted to snort at the obvious lie. His hair wasn’t even wet, and he hadn’t even changed his clothing. Ah, but it turned our London didn’t notice those details and only nodded as if this was fine. Well, that was fine. Nothing was going to ruin my current mood, but I’d rather not stick around right now.

“Um… actually, mom should be off now, so I was planning on just heading home if you don’t mind.”

“You want to go?” London blinked.

“Ah… what a shame?” Dan could barely contain the glee on his face.

“Hey, I’ll take you home.”

“What?” Dan shot her a look, but London ignored him splendidly.

“Um… it’s okay.” I said, only to feel surprised when London stood up and started getting ready to go.

I was ignored just as well. Were guys this dismissive of women in my old world? It was irritating.

Dan stood up too. “Just let his mom pick him up. I want to spend time together.”

“Come on. I’m the one who dragged him over here. I should at least be the one to take him back.”

“Fine… you do that then.” He nodded, tears welling in his eyes.

“Dan… don’t be like this.”

He spun around and went into their bedroom, slamming the door behind him. I might have even been sympathetic, but I knew he was a cheating dick, so my sympathy ended right there. London stared at the door for a bit, but then she shook her head and glanced over at me.

“Come on, let’s get you home.”

“Okay…” I said, deciding it was best not to say anything at the moment.

We left her building and then went back to the car, and were soon back on the road heading toward her house. The trip had been blissfully quiet for about two minutes, but then London opened her mouth.

“I just don’t get men.” She muttered.

I rolled my eyes. Men weren’t hard to understand. Or were we? In this world, men were women, yet I still seemed to get men. Strangely enough, while I originally got women, in the few days I had been here, it was getting harder and harder to wrap my head around them. I wasn’t becoming the Noah from this world, was I? Was I becoming a woman? That thought terrified me. What if it really was just a concussion? What if I got better? Would I even be me anymore?

“I mean, what did he want me to do?” She continued.

Well, I wasn’t going to have any help from London.

Feeling irritated, I spun and glared at her. “He wanted your attention. He wanted you to take care of him and to only think about him and not bring another boy over or go off to work while you’re supposed to be spending time with him!”

The last thing I wanted to do was help Dan, but London was too dense to forgive at the moment. Even after saying that, she was staring at me with a blank face like I was speaking gibberish.

“Noah… I…”

I spun away from her, “Ugh… it’s no wonder he… never mind.”

“You’re mad at me. I get that…”

I let out a sigh, “I’m just hungry.”

“You said you were fine.”

“I was lying.”

“Ah… well, I can’t help it if you’re not honest with me.”

Was this what it was like for women to talk to men? No wonder they had PMS. I wanted to bang something over her head.

“I’m going to take you out to eat, okay?”

I was tired of a mopey London who seemed to have no clue what she was doing, so I put a smile on my face. “Yeah, that’s good, thanks.”

She smiled and gave a little nod. It worked! I didn’t know how I felt about that. After a few moments of driving, she looked back over at me.

“What do you think of Dan, really?”

“He’s the worst.”

“Noah…”

“London, Dan’s not a good person.”

“Don’t be like that…” London was already shaking her head, readily ignoring my words.

Fine, if she didn’t want to pay attention to such stock lines, then I’ll give her something she doesn’t expect.

“He’s not me.”

The words she was going to say froze on her lips and her eyes fell to me. “Noah…”

“I know you want me. So, stop pretending you’re not interested.” I said. “That’s why you won’t touch Dan, right? Because you’re too busy wanting to touch me?”

She parked the car, and I realized we had already stopped at a fast-food burger place. Upon putting the car in park, and with both hands still on the steering wheel, she leaned forward. Without looking over at me, she spoke.

“Yes.”

“Hmm?”

“I said, you’re right, okay? I’m… not interested in Dan anymore. All I can think about is you?”

“Wh-wh-what are you saying?”

I was genuinely shocked; she was saying it. I had pushed her with such words because I was trying to shock her out of her defenses. That attempt to shock her went haywire. Now she was saying such dangerous things. It wasn’t that I hadn’t had similar thoughts myself. No, it was because I had such thoughts myself that I didn’t want to hear it from her!

She slammed her hands on the wheel and then turned to me. “I’ve always had you on my mind, even when we were younger. You were my cute little brother. How could I not think about you? But, recently, those thoughts changed into something inappropriate. After we kissed, and then… did other things, I just can’t stop thinking about it. Every time I close my eyes, I see your face. I keep thinking about your smell, and I fantasize about you naked.”

“H-hey…”

She grabbed my arms, her eyes taking on a fervent look. “Noah, I love you. I’m… in love with you. You’re my brother, but I don’t care. I don’t want Dan. I want you. But I’m afraid… afraid that if I leave him, then I won’t be able to stop myself from having you.”

“Damn…” Those words were incredibly hot.

I didn’t find myself scared. I found myself aroused. Perhaps that was the scariest thing. She was my sister, and nearly seven years older than me, yet I wanted nothing more than to have my way with her. She had already confessed her feelings to me. Really, what was I waiting for? Just as I was about to close my eyes and lean in for a kiss, she roughly let go of my shoulders.

“I’m so fucked up, aren’t I? How can I lust after my own brother?”

“I’m kind of into it, so…”

“It’s because you’re young and innocent.” London snorted. “When you’re older, you’ll have a better perspective to understand these kinds of things. If you ended up with me, you wouldn’t be able to find happiness.”

“We could just be fuck buddies. You know, meet, have some fun, but then go our separate ways.”

“I’ve considered that…”

“Y-you have?”

“I just get too jealous. I want all of you, Noah. I even get jealous of my sisters.”

“Seriously?”

“Yeah… they get to live with you and can stop by your room any time. Meanwhile, I’m the most distant. When I saw you kissing that other girl, I felt so much anger. I wanted to beat her up. I even wanted to throttle you. It’s scary, these feelings. I don’t even feel that possessive over Dan.”

“That’s probably for the best.”

“What?”

“Ah… nothing.”

She shook her head. “Can you just be my little brother a while longer? I need time to come to terms with this.”

“As in, you want to be with me, or no?”

She bit her lip. “I honestly don’t know. I honestly wish you were a bit more guarded. You should be calling me a freak or a pervert. It would make it much easier on me.”

“Sorry…”

“It’s fine… it’s my issue!” She waved a hand.

“How about this?” I asked, looking up at her shyly. “Sister is a pervert…”

“No! That’s making it worse!” She reached out and grabbed me, and our mouths touched.

Her tongue entered my mouth and kissed me roughly before pulling away while panting. “Sister…”

“Damn it, don’t act so cute.”

I was just about to act cute some more. I’d act cute until she was out of her clothing, but just as I went to do that, my stomach grumbled.

Guryuguryuguryu.

“Ah…”

London’s erotic expression disappeared and then she burst out laughing. Her hands which were being aggressive suddenly turned soft, and after laughing for a solid minute, she finally let go and pulled away from me.

“You really are my cute brother…”

“…”

“Let’s get you something to eat, okay?”

I let out a sigh. “Fine.”

She got me a burger, fries, and soda. Then, we took off the rest of the way home. I kept wanting to bring the conversation where it left off, but with food in my lap and London focused on driving, a chance didn’t present itself until we found ourselves already pulling into the driveway.

“I should get back to Dan.” She said, although her voice sounded a bit sad.

“London.”

“Hmm?”

“I love you too!” I kissed her on the lips, but just a quick peck before pulling out of her car and shutting the door.

She had her mouth open, but I didn’t hesitate as I waved goodbye and ran indoors. Were my actions a bit manipulative? Probably. But I liked a London who only thought about me, so I would definitely make sure to keep her focused on me if I could help it!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"We’re having pizza…” Mom announced as I entered the house.

“Again…” Kelsey sighed as she picked up a piece of cheese pizza and bit into it.

“Hey, you know your brother is sick. Once he’s better, he’ll be able to make dinners again, right?” Mom looked at me, a hint of worry in her expression.

“Can’t anyone else cook?” I asked helplessly.

“The question isn’t whether we can cook!” Kristy sighed. “It’s whether we can eat what we cook.”

“Like Twinsy says,” Kelsey spoke with a full mouth. “Your cooking is the best.”

“What if, because of the accident, my cooking isn’t very good anymore,” I asked.

“Look at him, he’s worried we won’t eat it!” Kelsey laughed.

“Kelsey will eat anything.”

“Twinsy is right. I once ate a pine cone on a dare. It… didn’t feel pleasant coming out.”

“Can you not discuss this at the dinner table?” Mom sighed, putting down her phone where she was looking at the news.

Everyone was standing around the table in the kitchen, grabbing plates and pizza. This was an odd sight since everyone usually just took their food and ate in their own rooms. The pizza was still steaming, so it must have arrived moments before I got there.

Usually, seeing all six women in the same room was a sight that would make me flee in horror. In the past, the second I stepped in, the girls would all look at me like I was an invader. I would awkwardly grab some pizza and then run away. This time, mom gave me a smile, and everyone else seemed to be welcoming.

I walked up and sat down in one of the unused chairs. Suddenly, everyone seemed to grab chairs as if they were waiting for me to officially start the meal, even though some of them had already been eaten while standing. Strangely enough, Bethany, who was on the other side of the table from me, walked around it deliberately to sit next to me.

This didn’t go unnoticed by the girls around the table, although it was Mackenzie who spoke. “Bethany, I swear to god, if you act creepy aga-“

“It’s fine!” I broke in, cutting her off. “She’s my cute younger sister, so why would I mind if she sat next to me.”

Bethany’s face became red and the other girls all stopped eating pizza to look at me with a shocked expression. Their mouths were open like I had just grown horns and breathed fire. Was it really that odd for me to be nice to Bethany?

“What about me?” Kelsey demanded, showing her bicep. “Aren’t I womanly?”

“Mm! You’re also my cute little sister.” I responded.

“Ah, jeez…” She suddenly grew shy and rubbed the back of her head.

“Brother definitely has brain damage.” Kristy sighed.

Mom snorted, almost spitting out her beer.

“Leave Noah alone!” Mackenzie snapped at the other girls. “If you need your little brother to make you feel good, you really are a creep.”

“I think Mackenzie is also beautiful.” I shot back, trying to cause her to grow flustered too.

Surprisingly, it didn’t seem to work on her. Rather, she gave me a stern stare. She didn’t have any humor in her expression at all.

“You shouldn’t say things like that to girls.” She said.

The atmosphere at the table grew awkward for a moment, but then mom let out a laugh. “Relax! He’s your brother, idiot. What do you think of me?”

“Ah, mom is beautiful! And sexy!”

“Haha… it’s been a while since a young boy told me that. If I wasn’t your mom-“

“Mom, please don’t finish that sentence!” Mackenzie cried out.

“Yeah, seriously, don’t be gross!” Kelsey added.

“She’s definitely the biggest pervert here,” Kristy added.

Mom let their words bounce off of her as she let out a laugh. She had managed to throw off the strange mood in an instant. However, that was short-lived as the sound of a chair scooting back got everyone’s attention. Dawn had stood up. Although her plate still had pizza on it, she picked it up and turned to leave.

“Ah! That’s right, Dawn I think-“

“You don’t have to say anything,” Dawn said, a bitter expression on her face. “I know I’m not cute.”

“That’s not true.”

“Just stop, Noah. No one buys you cute bullshit. You’re just a phony.”

I blinked, feeling a moment of panic at her words. For a second, I feared she knew that I wasn’t really from this world. However, I realized she didn’t mean things that way at all. I didn’t have time to respond though, as the other girls had spoken up.

“Dawn!” Mackenzie said in a chastising voice.

“Apologize to your brother!”

“Hmph… boys are all just fake dicks!” Dawn snapped, turning and walking away.

“Dawn, go to your room!” Mom yelled standing up.

“I’m already heading there!” Dawn shouted back.

Mom looked angry like she wanted to say more, but she had already assigned punishment. However, for Dawn who spent every day in her room, sending her there was hardly a punishment. Mom sat back down, an angry expression on her face.

“Dawn is just like that.” Kelsey gave me a sympathetic look. “Don’t listen to her.”

“No… it’s fine.” I responded.

Actually, it was the kind of snappy behavior that I expected from my sisters. It had been a weirder situation where everyone was hanging off my words and visibly reacting to everything I said. I hadn’t expected Dawn to have a freak out like that, but it was more in line with the Dawn I knew. The only odd thing was that anyone else cared that she said it to me. Strangely, there was something comforting in finding at least one of my sisters not changing very much from the sister I remembered.

“How is she at school?” Mom asked in a low voice.

The twins glanced over at Mackenzie, who was the closest to her age, just a grade behind, and would have the most awareness of how Dawn was doing in school.

Mackenzie raised her hands and shrugged. “She keeps to herself. I wouldn’t say she’s picked on particularly. She’s just one of those strange geeks who sit in the corner and go unnoticed.”

As someone who had been unpopular myself, I actually understood Dawn’s type. She wasn’t an ugly girl. There wasn’t an ugly girl in my family. However, her clothing was baggy, she had big glasses, and she made no attempt to do her hair. She always came off as frumpy. I had never heard much about Dawn in my old world, but even there I couldn’t imagine she was very popular with the guys. In this world, she seemed to be the type that resented men. You know, the kind that shouts at movie trailers for replacing the male cast with females.

“I see…” Mom responded to her words seeming to have her own thoughts on the matter, and then brought up her smartphone and started reading on it again.

“So… Noah! “Kelsey cut into the mood by speaking a bit too cheerfully.

“Hmm?” I was completely unused to my sisters going out of their way to talk with me.

“How was it like at London’s? Did you get along with Dan?”

“He’s still a tool,” I responded shortly.

Kristy laughed. “Brother doesn’t like Dan? Maybe he’s jealous.”

“I wish he was a tool, then I could use him all night,” Kelsey said.

“You shouldn’t schlick off to your older sister’s boyfriend, you perve!” Mackenzie hissed.

Kelsey stuck out her tongue and made a rubbing motion between her legs. “Maybe I’d schlick off to your boyfriend if you had any!”

“You’re a pig!”

“Hey… it’s a fish factory here. The only one I have to schlick off to is big brother… ah!” She suddenly realized I was present.

Mackenzie glowered. “I’m sorry brother, your sisters are the worst.”

“Not at the table.” Mom didn’t look up from her smartphone as she barked the words.

“Pu…”

“Pu?”

“Pu…p… ha…ahahahaha,” I began to crack up, laughing at this exchange.

It was so ridiculous; the obscene things Kelsey was saying. They were clearly there just to get Mackenzie riled up. Kelsey was always a troublemaker and a problem causer. However, seeing her personality turned into that of a male, it was just so ridiculous that I couldn’t help but laugh.

Mackenzie shot Kelsey a look and then punched her arm. “You broke brother!”

“Ah… s-sorry… I was just joking…” Kelsey apologized while rubbing her arm.

“No, it’s fine,” I said, still giggling. “It’s just… nice… is all…”

“Nothing is nice about anything that comes out of Kelsey’s mouth,” Kristy muttered before taking a sip of soda.

“No, I mean, sitting here, with the family. Being together and talking… eating together.”

“Well, I mean, you’re usually cooking, and as soon as you finish you flee to your room,” Mackenzie responded, looking somewhat awkward. “We always figured you were just sick of us.”

“Heh… if Brother cooks something tasty, I’ll always be there to eat it!” Kelsey flexed her arm again.

“Or if you give her a pinecone,” Kristy smirked.

“That seriously gave me the shits! Stop talking about that, Twinsy!” Kelsey cried.

“Language!” Mom muttered while biting into the last piece of pizza.

“Eh! Mom got the last piece!” Kristy complained.

“I only got two! I’m a growing girl! I’m still hungry!” Kelsey added.

“You guys will eat me out of my home.” Mom snorted.

I had barely touched my pizza, but I decided not to offer it to the twins as they started to ransack the kitchen looking for something else to eat. Mackenzie excused herself and returned to her own room. I decided to take my food back to my room since everyone else was leaving. It was only when I was nearly there, that I realized Bethany was following close to me.

“What is it?” I asked, awkwardly remembering what I had done earlier that day.

She touched my arm and edged me into my bedroom. Standing there, she had her head down and her shoulders slouched.

“Brother… about earlier today…” She said.

“Ah… that… look, I’m sorry…”

I reckoned that she was a bit angry that I intervened. She probably was going to tell me to stay out of her business. It’s certainly what I would have done if one of my sisters tried to get in between me and a bully.

“You’re so cool.”

“Huh?”

She looked up, her eyes bright as stars. “You really saved me! And you did it in such a cool way! That guy is totally afraid of me now. He won’t even look at me.”

“Guys like him are dumb though, you need to be vigilant or he might start again.”

“I-I know…” She nodded. “And I also know I can’t depend on you forever.”

“Ah… well, it’s not like if you ask for my help I won’t…”

“No!” Her eyes turned severe and she grabbed my arms. “I’m the girl here. It’s my responsibility. You protected me, brother. I won’t ever forget it! I love you.”

“I love you too…” Even simple words like these said to family felt a bit weird to the normal me.

“Which is why… I’m asking mom to take me to a Tae Kwon Do class.”

“Huh?”

“I’m going to work out like Kelsey does. I want to become strong. I want to learn to fight too.”

“R-really…” I did not see the conversation going in this direction at all.

“That way… I’ll be able to protect brother.”

“What?”

“There are a lot of bad girls out there! Brother is way too pure and honest. So, just how you helped me, I will help you. I’ll become the woman who will keep you safe! I swear it!”

“Uhhh…”

“Shh!” she put a finger on my lips. “You don’t have to say anything. I know I’m not good enough for brother right now, but one day, I will become a woman you can look up to. I will be brother’s woman!”

She turned away without another word, walking with her back straight and her head held high. Why did she seem to be strutting like a peacock? A small smirk formed on my face. Just as she reached the door, I ran and wrapped my arms around her from the back.

She let out a cry. “Wh-what are you doing?”

I kissed her on the cheek and whispered in her ear. “Thank you.”

After a quick squeeze… not of her chest but of her body, I let go and stepped back.

“B-brother…” She shot me a look with her mouth open and rather than walk away stoically, she ended up stumbling into the hallway.

With a red face, she practically fled back to her room, slamming the door. I let out a sigh and then chuckled. It served her right for trying to act all manly in front of me. Or was it womanly? Whatever. I closed my door, ate my pizza and got ready for bed. Perhaps this world wasn’t completely bad after all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next day, I stayed home again. I decided I was going to milk it for the rest of the week. Going to school now would be way too much of a culture shock. I didn’t think I’d be able to handle it at all. However, this day, I would definitely stay at home. London made me promise over the phone that I absolutely would not leave the house. I swore that I wouldn’t, and I wasn’t lying either.

I had no reason to go out today, and I was pretty sure London was going to drive by and check on me even if she said she was busy. I definitely didn’t want to spend another day with Dan. Would Dan be cheating on London again today? Who knew how much of a man-whore he was. I actually was happier not knowing. I still hadn’t come up with a plan to get the two to break up. If it appeared like I was trying to do that, London would probably take Dan’s side immediately and claim I was just silly.

So, after Bethany’s bus left from the stop on the corner of our house, I set out on my next mission. Looking through the various drawers and counters of the kitchen, I finally found an old cooking book and brought it out. It had countless stains on it. I seemed to recall my family owning newer and cleaner versions of this book, but that seemed to disappear with the change.

After bringing out the book, I looked around the kitchen for food. No one had done any shopping recently, so I didn’t have a lot to chose from.

I had already promised myself once before that I would learn how to cook. Now that I had some time, I felt like I needed to take the opportunity to learn. After last night, and seeing the family together at the dinner table, I felt even more compelled. Therefore, I looked through the book, trying to find things that I had the ingredients to cook. That was easier said than done.

After I gathered up all the ingredients, I started to cook. I figured that if I got one meal together by the time dinner came around, then everything else would work itself out. Tomorrow, I could work on another meal. If all else failed, I could go out shopping and buy ready-made meals and slowly build up my ability to cook. As I turned on the oven, the reality of it started to catch up with me.

“What am I even doing?”

When did I suddenly care about cooking so much? Not just cooking, but cooking to make my family happy? A week ago, if that me saw the current me, he wouldn’t even recognize himself. I had been trying to get out of here as quickly as possible. Now, I wanted to cook dinner and see my sisters and mom enjoy it? I really was changing in ways I couldn’t understand. It left me feeling worried.

With nothing else to really do, I trudged forward with the cooking. Smoke ended uprising from the oven as a burnt smell filled the kitchen. I ended up destroying the first item, the cheese has bubbled to the top of the casserole and then fell down and burned on the oven bottom. I scrubbed out the oven and tried again. This time, I was successful, making a pot-roast. However, it tasted like jerky, and after trying to unsuccessfully eat it for fifteen minutes, I finally tossed it out with a sigh.

I made my fifth attempt at cooking. I hadn’t been paying attention, and I had the oven at full all day. It was really hot in the kitchen, and I was sweating, but I was determined to cook this one correctly. This was a much simpler meal. It was just a bowl of soup. I could handle soup, couldn’t I? I stared over the boiling liquid as hot steam sprayed over my face. I was feeling a little panicked since I had spent the morning and afternoon on failed attempt after failed attempt.

The girls would be getting home from school soon, and I had nothing to show for them to eat. Why was cooking so damn hard? The girls always made it look so easy! Just as I was about to start adding ingredients into the soup, I heard a knock on the door. Did one of my sisters forget to take a key?

The door most people used in our house was actually adjacent to the kitchen and living room. It was considerably easier to get to than our front door, and we basically used it as the door the majority of the time. We even went to the extent of putting a sign on the front door to redirect mailmen to the back. It was that door that I noticed someone standing at and knocking. I opened the door to reveal a young woman standing there.

There was a woosh of colder air from outside. Somehow, the way it hit me mixed with the relentless heat from cooking in the kitchen all day.

“Noah?” The person said, but their features were strangely blurred.

I started feeling sick and then dizzy. The world suddenly tipped, and I fell forward. The last thing I remembered was my face falling into something soft.

“Ah!’ I woke up with a start, looking around in a panic.

I was lying on my couch, and there was a jacket on me. It was a lettermen jacket for our school, but I didn’t recognize it. The only person who owned one in our family was Kelsey, but hers didn’t have anything on it, while this one had numerous badges ironed on.

It was at that point that I heard a noise coming from the kitchen. I slowly got up, still feeling somewhat dizzy. I had fainted, right? I had been in the kitchen most of the day, and I hadn’t opened any windows. The air conditioning was also off because mom insisted on saving money.  It was probably up to a hundred in there, but I hadn’t noticed because the temperature had risen slowly.

A noise of a cabinet closing instantly brought me to my feet. I walked to the kitchen, which now had all the windows open and a fan blowing out one of them, bringing the temperature down to a much more comfortable level. Standing in front of the oven was a beautiful girl in a pink apron. Instantly, my eyes locked onto the extremely normal sight of a pretty woman cooking. No! This was the other world! There was no way that this was normal. Unless…

Did everything return back to normal? The last time I passed out, I had woken up in a world where women acted like men. Now, I had passed out again. It wasn’t from being hit on the head, but from heat exhaustion, but maybe that didn’t matter. It wasn’t exactly like there was a standard for waking up in wonky worlds. I decided to do the ultimate test. It was the only way to be certain.

“Uh… hey…” I said, causing the girl to look back to me.

“Ah, I brought you in when you fell unconscious. It was seriously hot in here. Plus, you had something on, and I didn’t want it to burn. You’ve only been out for like ten minutes.”

“G-good…” I said, and then took a breath and added. “Can I touch your chest?”

Her eyes widened as she shot me a look and covered her chest with her hands. “No! You weirdo!”

“I see… sorry…” I lowered my head, realizing that strange world I had found myself in had truly come to an end so abruptly. “Um, why are you here?”

She blushed cutely. “Ah… That… I was asked to, you understand?”

Of course… this was my original world, right? What girl would come to my house unless she was forced to?

“Yes… I get it.”

She looked around awkwardly. “Uh… since you’ve been missing school, and I live nearby, I was asked to bring you a folder. I’ve been told you were called off the whole week, so the teachers compiled assignments for the whole week for you.”

I looked up at her and really checked out her face. She had very dark, black hair the seemed to shine. Her eyes were dark, and she had a pretty face. Her chest was a decent size, although not particularly large, and she had a pretty nice butt. Although, that was all I could make out through the apron, which I wasn’t even sure why we had in the kitchen in the first place.

As I stared at her, I realized that I really did know her. “Oh, you’re the student class president, right?”

She nodded. “You can call me Abby. We have a few classes together, but we haven’t talked much. When the teacher revealed you lived only a block from me, I was really surprised.”

“Ah, I see…”

She noticed me watching her as she stirred and then blushed again. “Ah! Sorry, did you want to take over? Based on the ingredients you had out, I think you were going for a type of minestrone. So, I just went ahead and added the missing ingredients. Ah… sorry if I ruined it!”

“Do you know how to cook?” I asked, joining her next to the oven and looking into the soup bowl, which looked a lot more like soup now.

“Of course…” She rolled her eyes as if this was obvious.

I really had returned to the normal world. It was strange. Everything prior to this had been like one, really long, really weird dream. The weirdest part was that time hadn’t changed. I still had off for the week from my head injury, despite the fact that in this world, I was just trash again. Did that mean Sam would still remember I slept with her? What about her mom? That had to be awkward. London would probably be so disgusted with me she wouldn’t talk to me. Then there was Anna.

I could only let out a sigh. “Would you… show me how?”

I didn’t know why I wanted to learn now that the world was back to the old one, but a piece of me felt a strange sadness that last night would never happen again. I found myself having a longing I never realized I had to connect with my family. I supposed I still could do it now, but when I considered it, it really did seem impossible.

“You don’t know how?” She asked.

“My first attempt caused me to pass out. It seems,” I explained.

She giggled. “Ah… sorry… well, it’s not like I can’t help, but I can’t.”

I smiled sadly. “That’s fine.”

I was used to rejection. The last week was stranger when I seemed to be accepted by everyone.

“Sorry, I really just came to drop off the papers.” She pulled off the apron and tossed it aside, suddenly looking like she was in a rush to leave.

I creeped her out. I could see that. It really was tough going back to the way things were. Even just asking a girl for help ended up like this.

“Um, the foods done, so, just serve it warm or cold. Your papers are right here, sorry, I have to go. Bye!” She didn’t even wait for me to say goodbye back as she almost fled the house.

As she did so, she bumped into Mackenzie who was on her way in.

“Ah?”

“S-sorry… Bye!” She ran before even Mackenzie could say anything.

Mackenzie immediately turned a glare to me. “You had a girl over.”

“It doesn’t matter!” I said, not able to stop my eyes from welling with tears. “I made soup if you want it.”

I turned and fled the room, leaving Mackenzie standing there with a shocked expression on her face. Everything was back to the way it was. I didn’t even notice how clean my room was when I threw myself under my sheets.

Kelsey pushed back the startled Mackenzie so that she could enter the kitchen. Without hesitation, she went straight to the soup and scooped up a spoonful and sipped, her eyes widening, “Mm!”

“Don’t get your spit in the food, stupid!” Mackenzie snapped.

“Was that a girl over with brother?” She asked, changing the conversation.

“I think that was Abigail? She’s one of the class reps.”

“I’m surprised you’re not worried about our sweet little Noah’s chastity.”

Mackenzie frowned. “Abigail’s always been kind of fruity like a man. The rumor is that she’s gay. Noah’s probably safer with her than he with you!”

“Yeah, whatever… I’m going to schlick one off in my room. Tell Twinsy not to just barge in this time. Up to five feet in front of the door is a splash zone!”

“You’re a pig, Kelsey!”

Unfortunately, I didn’t hear any of this conversation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I stayed in my room for the rest of the night. At one point, I heard mom inquiring about me, but Mackenzie just said that I must not be feeling well. As a result, they seemed to have left me alone. I napped for a while, but because I hadn’t done that much all day, I ended up finding myself waking up. It was late at night, and a look at the clock said it was past midnight. However, no matter what I did, I couldn’t get back to sleep.

I decided to get myself a drink of water, so I got up and left the bedroom to head for the kitchen. The lights were off in most of the girl’s rooms, but I found one notable exception. There was a light coming from Dawn’s room, which was uncharacteristically open a crack. As I approached her room, I heard the familiar sounds of a video game being played. It sounded like a first-person shooter. I glanced into the crack, but at that angle, I could only see the screen of the television.

It was a game that I recognized, or rather I at least recognized the IP. The actual game was one that was brand new. In this large family with only one parent, there was no way I could afford things like new video games. That’s why every game I owned came from a used bargain bin. Yet, Dawn had somehow managed to obtain a copy of a game that only came out last week.

Not only was I jealous, but I also felt a bit of frustration. How could mom allow her to buy that game, all while telling me that money didn’t grow on trees? Forgetting my glass of water, I shoved right into the room. As the door opened, it revealed more of Dawn’s room. Her room was somewhat messy. The girl herself was sitting on the floor at the side of her bed, leaning back and using the bed as a back support. She had a baggy shirt and panties on but was wearing nothing else.

There were piles of laundry everywhere, and the familiar glow of a computer screen on her desk. It was playing music, an alternative band that I might have also listened to. When she noticed me, her eyes widened.

“What are you doing?” She demanded, her face filled with anger.

“Shut up!” I snapped, walking over and plopping down right next to her. “I’ve had a bad day.”

“I didn’t say you could be in here. Get the hell out of my room.”

“And I said shut up!” I snapped back. “Give me a controller!”

Dawn was a bit stuck. Normally, she would have run to mom, but mom was asleep. Seeing as Dawn was up past bedtime, there was no way she would go to mom and wake her up. She’d get an even worse grounding than I would. Although she might spin some lie tomorrow about how I was causing her trouble to get me punished, I wasn’t really caring at the moment.

Dawn looked surprised at my sudden request. After a second of staring at me and realizing I didn’t intend to move, she sighed in annoyance, reached out and tossed me a second remote that was hiding in her TV stand. It was wireless, so I just had to hit the middle button to turn it on. Even that was fancy. I had one extra remote, and all I could afford was a third-party corded controller.

She licked her lips. “I don’t think you can handle this game. You should play something simpler, like Minecraft.”

I shot her a derisive look. “Um… no… just start the game.”

“Fine…” She sighed as she went through and set up for a multiplayer match.

Once the menu loaded, I started flipping through looking for a model I liked. “What the hell? Why are all the characters female? Where is a male one?”

I was flipping from one female soldier unit to the next. There were dozens of different variations. It was really ridiculous.

“Don’t start about that male activist bullshit.” She snorted. “Look, the medic is a guy.”

“Who wants to be a damn medic? I want to kill something.”

“Then, just choose a girl! Whoever heard of a male soldier anyway. It’s mostly women in the military.”

“Huh… wait…” I blinked, “It didn’t change?”

“What?”

“Ah… um… is it okay for women to show their chests to men?”

She raised an eyebrow and looked at me. “Maybe if she’s stacked. A guy wouldn’t want to see what I have under here…”

She looked down at her own chest and frowned, but I was focused on the answer she just gave me. It left me feeling completely floored. I had misunderstood things earlier. When I passed out, the world hadn’t changed back. Women were still like men, and men were like women. That girl… she must have just been… well… girly. I couldn’t stop but chuckle to myself.

I had grown so upset over finding out the world was changed back. When the world was different, I complained about it every step of the way. However, once it returned, I had moped about it. It was hard for even me to understand what I wanted. I could only laugh to myself, which seemed to unnerve Dawn and make her even antsier.

“Are you going to pick?” Dawn demanded irritably.

“Okay.” I picked a character outfitted with bombs, which was a female character, apparently.

We started the match, and at first, I was rusty since I had only played a version of the game two iterations ago and didn’t recognize any of the maps. Dawn seemed to expect as much and had a smug expression on her face as I died first in the match and had a poor death-to-kill ratio.

However, I picked things up quickly, and by the fifth match, I was playing nearly as good as she was. We were on the same team. We were on the same time, so I started to work with her. In particular, I noticed she was in a corner sniping, so I started leading the enemy into her line of sight. It ended up working out particularly well. I was impressed at her skills, and after the fifth time, she sniped an idiot who was baited by me, we ended up receiving a message.

It was a girl, and I got excited until I read the message. “

“Quit sniping you cheating fucktard.” I read.

“Ah!” Dawn blushed, “D-don’t read those! Girls on the internet…”

I was already typing back. “Quit being a little bitch and getting sniped, you noob.”

Dawn’s mouth fell open as I clicked send. We got a message back.

“Y-you play like a boy!”

“I am a boy, dipshit.”

“Srsly? Hey, how are you? Have girlfriend?”

“Haha… yeah, she’s the one sniping you!”

As if to add insult to injury, just as she was typing a response, Dawn sniped her. We ended up receiving a stream of expletives calling me all kinds of names, so we ended up blocking and reporting her. We ended up winning that match by a lot. I let out a laugh, feeling a bit of relief from all of that stress that had accumulated the last few days.

Dawn had put down her remote and was watching me out of the corner of her eye. She was wearing a curious expression and seemed on the cusp of wanting to say something.

“Noah… you’re not… how I remember.” She said awkwardly.

“How was I?” I asked in a low voice, not glancing over at her.

“You used to hide in your room all day.”

“Isn’t that you?”

“Yeah, but my isolation was deliberate. For you, it was like you thought you were better than us. You’d always cook, but then you ran back into your room and kept the door shut all the time. You liked to pretend you didn’t even have sisters.”

“Is that so…”

“It is… are you really a gamer?”

I chuckled. “Didn’t I get more kills than you in that last match?”

“Yeah, but you also died more.”

“You know… Dawn, there is nothing wrong with your body.”

“Huh?” She flinched at the sudden change of conversation.

“Your body. You’re a little chubbier than the rest of your sisters, but not fat. Your boobs aren’t very big. But you got cute glasses and a nerdy vibe. You are really cute. It’s a pretty big turn on.”

“Sh-shut up!” She blushed, looking away. “I know I’m not attractive. It’s not like any guy is interested.”

“Most guys are interested in all types of women. I mean, you got the beautiful supermodels, but I think the vast majority would take what they can get. Breast size doesn’t really matter. Big love handles, or a big tummy… we’d overlook that. Even breast acne can be ignored.”

“Ah! I d-d-don’t have breast acne…” She covered her chest.

“I’m just saying… I think I’ve realized that it’s the same either way. Just like guys can be attracted to just about any girl, girls can be attracted to just about any guy. I used to think I’d need to be swol, with six-pack abs, to get the interest of a woman. However, as I see things from the other side, I’m starting to realize that’s all an illusion. Most guys would never date a Barbie, and most girls are probably fine with a guy without muscles and maybe a gut.”

“Barbie? You mean Ken’s girlfriend?”

I laughed gently. “Yeah… something like that.”

She watched me for a minute and then shook her head in agitation. “What is up with you?”

I finally glanced over at her. “Do you want to know?”

“You’ll tell me?”

“I’ve already told two of my sisters. Neither believed me, so I guess it doesn’t matter who I tell. You can just claim it’s related to my head injury if reality is too much for you.”

Her eyes narrowed. “Try me!”

“Okay…” I leaned back and sighed. “A bit less than a week ago, when I was hit by the car, everything changed. You see, before I was hit, the world was a patriarchy ruled by men. Men liked sex, cars, and women. They acted like… well, how women act now. Video games. Action films. Sports. Most video games had male characters because men play video games.”

“But it’s women who fight the wars, makes no sense to have men…”

“That too… it was men who fought in the wars. I mean, your world doesn’t even make sense if you think about it. Why would you send someone who can get pregnant and must carry a baby for 9 months into battle? Wouldn’t that be a huge liability?”

“That’s actually a regular problem! They talk about it in the news…”

I shook my head. “I’m not saying everything made sense in my old world either. I’m just saying what is. My mind is wired like a girl’s mind… I like video games and sex. In my old world, you all treated me like leaper. I did remain in my room, but because I didn’t want the mean and ugly looks the lot of you always gave me. I felt like an outcast in my own home, the only guy. So, I sat in my room and jacked off.”

“Ah!”

“Don’t act surprised. I jack off! Oh, and I found your freaking toy, you left it on when you left yesterday.”

“Ah-ah-ah… th—th-th-that!”

“I said I don’t care!” I shrugged. “The fact you masturbate is actually kind of hot. I mean, you’re my sister, so I’m not like… ah… I don’t know… the same way that me mentioning I jack off affects you, I have a similar reaction!”

“…”

“And I play video games!” I gestured to her console. “But how the hell did you afford this? My system is last-gen, and I have to buy all my games used! How did you get a $90 special edition of the game?”

“You noticed?”

“Yeah! This can’t be mom’s money at all!”

Dawn shook for a moment, but then she looked at me as if she was considering something. After a moment, she nodded to herself and met my eyes.

“Fine… I’ll tell you how I make money, but you have to promise that you will tell no one!”

“I can keep a secret.”

“Yeah… well, whether you’re honestly ‘like a woman’ or not will be answered in a second.” She stood up. “Come, I’ll show you how I make money.”

I followed her as she walked up to her computer. She typed a bit and then up appeared a website. I glanced at it, scrolling down. I looked away when my eyes landed on a dick.

“What the hell? I don’t want to see a dick!”

“S-sorry… I suppose I’d react that way if it was pictures of pussies.” She said, “Um, here. Just look at the title.”

I glanced at it and saw the name, Ms. Pervert’s Peepshow.

“A… porn website? No… upskirts? Or I guess you call them… upshorts?”

“That’s how I bring in money.” She said with a breath. “I post images of guy’s exposed by hidden camera online!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"W-wait… where do you get these photos?”

“Eh? People around the world send them to me.”

I took a breath. “Oh… good, so you don’t take the images yourself?”

“Well, the site is designed in a way where people take the photos and send them to me. I then sort out the ones that look legit. You can usually tell a fake photo. People who stage them just don’t get the point of it. However, I’m saving for some cameras and stuff so I can start taking my own photos too…

“Right now, most of my pictures are gotten from a local girl. I’ve never met her, but her username is Peepshow69. She promises once I get a good enough camera that she’ll teach me everything she knows.”

“No!” I cried out, “You can’t! You really shouldn’t take these pictures.”

Her expression sank into a bitter one, and she spoke in a low voice. “I knew it.”

“Huh?”

“You didn’t understand after all. You said you were like me, but really you were just screwing around!”

“No! I mean, I’m a guy, but do you think any of your sisters would be cool with this if they knew this is what you were doing?”

She turned away from me. “I didn’t show you this so that you could lecture me. Why don’t you just leave my room then.”

“You don’t get it! I don’t care about the website, but I don’t want you getting in trouble. These kinds of pictures are done without the guy’s consent. You could get in a lot of trouble with that kind of stuff, especially in this day and age.”

“Yeah!” She shot back scowling. “Well, it’s not like I can find an aware model, can I?”

“Wait… you’ve been shooting me too, haven’t you?”

She glanced away. “N-no…”

“You have a folder on the desktop with my name on it! Open it.”

“Th-that’s nothing!” She cried out.

“Dawn…”

“It was just practice! I was just practicing how to get pictures. I didn’t upload anything of you online!”

“Open it!”

“Ah… Damn it… I knew this was a mistake!” She cursed as she opened a file and typed in the password.

I started scrolling through the previews. There were hundreds of pictures of me. Most of the images were of me just as I got out of the shower. There were images taken through a crack in my door as I was changing. Most of them didn’t show much. But my chest was on display a bit, and only one or two times where my dick is seen, although they were blurry images, and it was hard to see them. Only a handful of good images came from this.

This was the old me, the one before I had my head injury. I saw a boy that looked like me, but his demeaner seemed a bit different. He acted really shy and seemed to usually have a scowl on his face whenever he was around his sisters. It was clear that they weren’t close.

I wasn’t close with my sisters either. I didn’t know what Dawn from before did as she closed herself in her room, but I would never have been able to play video games with her or get her to show me her interests. This new world had given me an opportunity to relate to sisters that I would never have had a relationship with prior. Yet, as I scrolled from image to image, Dawn was shrinking back in her chair more and more. I had gotten a bit worked up, and it was to the point that once I left this room, I’d never been able to reenter it. If I told Mother or my sisters about what she was doing, I might as well say goodbye to this sister of mine forever.

I stopped scrolling down and gave a long, drawn-out sigh, and then turned to Dawn. “Why do you take pictures?”

“I don’t know…” She said, her voice low as she looked down at her hands.

“I mean, quality matters to you, and you never get that with peep images, right?”

“I…” She shivered slightly. “I’ve always wanted to be a pornographer.”

“What?”

“I want to shoot pornos, okay?” She said bitterly. “But it’s not like I can get anyone interested in posing for me, so I just… it’s easier when they don’t know…”

“How much does this website make?”

“I pay my top contributors every month to encourage them to keep delivering pictures, so I really only bring home a few hundred a month.”

“How much money if you didn’t have to pay them?”

“Around a thousand.”

“A thousand!” I let out a cry of surprise.

That was a lot more money than I thought. If she was bringing in that much money, then something like this was really lucrative. It could be expanded on and even bring in more money.

“Look… just forget I said anything, please?” She begged. “I-I’ll even give you some of my profits if you just remain quiet.”

I raised an eyebrow. “You’ll give me some?”

“Y-yeah… 10% of what I bring home.”

“50%.”

“Fifty!” Her eyes widened and then she clenched her teeth. “You… fine, fifty…”

“Good… and I’ll want to see anything you shoot before you upload it.”

“Eh?” She finally met my eyes.

“Well, I mean, I don’t want to see myself naked, but I also don’t want you uploading my face.”

“Wh-wh-what are you talking about?”

“Huh? Putting pictures online? Aren’t you telling me horny women would pay money to see my dick? Hell yeah! In fact, I can do you better…”

“What are you saying? Aren’t you disgusted? Aren’t I a perverted creep? Don’t you want to call me trash?”

“Are you into that kind of thing? I mean, if you want, I can step on your crotch and tell you how bad you are.”

“Wait!” She shook her head, struggling to catch up with the conversation. “You mean, you’re into this?”

“As I said, I don’t want you going to jail. But if you want to shoot a porno, I can help you get started.”

“Y-you’ll model for me?”

“Yeah, I mean, we must blur out my face, even I don’t want to go that far, but if you give me half, I could totally use the money. Plus… I really like the idea of hundreds of women masturbating to an image of my dick.” I hit my hand with my fist. “Maybe that’s why guys in my world are always sending out dick pics!”

“Huh? You mean clit picts?”

“Eh… woman do that in this world? Haha… I should go online and see how many I can rack up. Ah damn… I bet I could get a girl in this world to masturbate on a webcam for me for free!”

Dawn was looking at me like she had never seen me before. Her eyes went up and down with disbelief.

“You… you really think you come from another world, don’t you?”

“That’s what I’ve been telling you!” I snorted. “Look, I’ll help you with your porno thing. As for hidden camera stuff, since you have an eye for fakes, then you should be the one who can make it look real. You can post the pictures of me you’ve taken so far, but we shouldn’t stop there.”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, I can masturbate on camera. That’s basic stuff. But… I could probably even bring a girl over and have sex.”

“What?” She nearly stood up, so I put my hands on her shoulder and shushed her as I set her back down.

“It’s night. We don’t want to be heard.” I shook my head. “I said, I’m willing to fuck on camera.”

She shook her head. “But… hidden camera…”

“So… hide in my closet and shoot it! You got my permission! As for the girl… well, this world probably doesn’t care that much.”

“I can’t believe… you would really do that?”

I shrugged. “Who knows, maybe I can convince some male friends to join in. Not at the same time! I don’t do gay stuff!”

“Ah…? I mean… maybe you’d like it if you tried it.”

“Would you suck a pussy?” I asked.

“EW! No!”

“It’s the same for me and a dick! I do have standards. I said I was like a girl, that includes a great aversion for the same sex. I guess that will be a setback from this world. Since lesbianism in my world was sort of a glorified fetish, I’m sure it’s the same with male homosexuality here.”

“So… I can really record you?”

“Yeah, I mean, it will be a little embarrassing, but if it brings in the money, I’ll give it a shot. Heck, if you want to join in…”

“J-join!”

“Incest is popular, isn’t it? I’m sure some people would love some brother-on-sister action.”

She shook her head, emphatically. “Fake incest… like stepsisters! This is completely wrong! We’re actual brother and sister!”

Maybe… After all, mom had a lot of affairs in her life. It was possible that she was only my half-sister, just like London. Of course, Dawn didn’t know that, and I wasn’t going to tell her such a shocking secret just as I managed to find some common ground with her.

“I guess…” I finally responded, uncertainly. “Even so… I’m sure there is a market…”

“I’m sorry there is no way I can do that with my brother!” Dawn said and then blushed. “It’s not that I’m not interested… but, if I go past that line with you… there is no going back…”

It wasn’t like I didn’t understand. I had been having that mental debate in my mind since I got to this world. I had already done a few lewd things with London so far. Was I going to go too far with one of my sisters one day? Would that destroy any chance of us having a relationship after, or would it make that relationship stronger? I didn’t even know the answer to that.

“Well… what about this Peepshow person?” I asked.

“Huh? The photographer?”

“Yeah… they’re a perverted girl. Maybe… they’d want to fuck on camera.”

“You…” Dawn shook her head. “I’ve never met them. They could be an old woman or some kind of creep.”

“I suppose you’re right. Find out their age and get a picture first, then I’ll fuck them.”

“When did my brother turn out to be such a pervert!”

“Haha… that’s the thing, my cute big sister, I’ve always been a pervert! Now, it’s time I can finally embrace that perversion!”

What guy hasn’t dreamed of staring in a porno? The thought of doing this was kind of exciting. I’d get to make money, have sex, and get closer with my sister all at once. It was really a perfect situation. Since I was put into this strange world, I might as well profit off it. Since Dawn already had the means to do as such, I figured it as good of a time as any to take advantage of it.

I held out my hand to Dawn. “Let’s agree to carry this out together. You’re my sister, so I’ll trust you.”

Dawn glanced at me, still looking guarded and suspicious, but ever so slowly, she brought out her hand and took mine.

“Then… please take care of me.” I said as we shook our hands.

For the first time in my memory, Dawn formed a real smile on her face. It made her look incredibly beautiful, her entire face coming alive. She closed her eyes and nodded as she gave my hand a solid shake.

“Mm!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Tonight. We’re going to sneak out tonight.” Dawn whispered to me excitedly before taking off to school.

Mackenzie seemed to notice her whispering something to me and shot her a distrusting look with her arms crossed. I didn’t really get what Mackenzie’s problem was. It seemed like no matter what world she came from. She was the type to get into my business. In the past, I was the pervert she was trying to protect all of her sisters from. Somehow, that had perfectly reversed, and now she had made it her personal mission to keep any of the other sisters from acting gross around me. About the only one she didn’t chastise was London, and that’s because the two didn’t have a strong relationship to begin with.

When all of the girls were gone, I decided to open up the homework that Abby the class rep had left for me. Science and math weren’t much different from what I remembered, but when I reached history, things started to drop fast. Just about every name in the history books was different. It was truly like I came from a completely different world. On the surface, I could convince myself these two worlds were basically the same, but when I looked a bit deeper, I began to notice how many nonsensical things had to exist for this world to work.

For example, the basic function of testosterone and estrogen. Testosterone is supposed to make men angry and aggressive, yet this whole thing just sort of gets glossed over in the science books. It makes a comment about cavemen needing testosterone but how it isn’t needed in high quantities for the modern man. Then there was the fact that men were still more physically imposing than women. Why would a woman fight in a battle when a man could do more damage? The answers weren’t there, and I had a feeling if I started quizzing a teacher, she’d just say something like, “it just is.”

I wondered if my own world was the same way? How much does perception shape what you chose to believe and what you chose to ignore? As I thought about it, there were people who believed the earth was flat or global warming was false despite all of the evidence to the contrary. In fact, there were feminists in my old world who insisted there were no physical differences between men and women, and that it was all in the head… ignoring vast amounts of data to the contrary.

Well, I wasn’t saying I knew anything for certain. It was just that now I was asking questions, where before I only saw things from the way I was told. By seeing this world that shouldn’t work continue on successfully, I was becoming all too aware of the amount people ignored in the name of convenience. Why exactly did we eat eggs and bacon for breakfast? Because some company told us so? Who decided cereal was a part of a balanced breakfast? Why was breakfast even at 9 am?

My stomach roared, and I realized that I hadn’t eaten anything that morning and was growing hungry. My mind ended up going off on a tangent because of it. I got up and headed to the kitchen. As I did so, I checked my phone. I really needed to check it more, because I realized I had gotten a message on it.

“Sorry that I took off yesterday. I would be willing to teach you to cook.”

The name wasn’t signed, but I could already guess that the person who sent it was Abigail. I felt a bit of relief at seeing that. I already had another meal to cook tonight. I managed to get by thanks to Abigail’s last moment efforts, but I still didn’t know how to cook anything. Plus, it looked like I was in this world to stay, and my entire family seemed to expect me to be the cook, so I needed to adapt this much.

I had already figured out that my family didn’t know me well enough and that I wouldn’t get found out for a fraud. That was my original fear. It seemed like my new personality would get by fine. I was never going to start acting like a woman, or I guess a man. Was there going to be a time when I got used to that? Well, whatever, that was a problem for a later date.

“Can you stop by after school?” I wrote on my phone. “I need help with dinner.”

It wasn’t long before I got a response. “Yeah, it’s fine. I don’t have class 4 th block. I can come early.”

“Thanks!”

I looked at my watch and saw that the time was only noon right now. If she didn’t have 4 th block, then she’d probably come around 1:30. That would give us about 2 hours to come up with something to feed my family. Not everyone came home at the same time every day. They were in various clubs and extracurricular events that it ended up to be quite a mishmash. Therefore, it wasn’t uncommon for something to just be sitting done on the stove ahead of time. Whether we got to sit down together tonight, I actually wasn’t interested in that.

Dawn and I were going out later, so I wanted to get a little rest and get ready before we went. It might sound a bit weird coming from me, but I didn’t like the idea of interacting with the rest of my family before going to do stuff like that. It wasn’t like I was a porn star or anything. Just because I was a horny guy who wanted to have fun didn’t mean I didn’t feel a little weird going home after and interacting with family. It gave me a kind of surreal feeling like it didn’t fit with my real life. That’s how I was able to move on after my binge those first few days, where I pushed Sam down, did a stranger, and also played with Dan’s date. Those events barely felt real to the current me who was in a kitchen at my familiar house.

I considered if there was anything I should do about Abigail when she came. I could just use her as a cooking teacher she was supposed to be, but I also could make advances on her. She is the only other girl my age I’ve been able to hang out with. I haven’t even gotten a text from Anna since London said whatever she did to her. As for Samantha, I had a feeling she was grounded, as I hadn’t heard anything from her either.

However, the last time Abigail was here, she suddenly ran away right when I asked her a question. She never did explain exactly why she was in such a hurry to get away. She might just be flighty, and if that was true and I made an attempt to hit on her, she’d definitely run away again. So, I decided I’d definitely have to play this cool.

I took a shower and dressed up nice, but not too nice. It almost felt like the old days when I tried to throw myself toward beautiful women only to end up in complete failure. Well, I had only tried a few times at dances and stuff, but it had always ended in my own humiliation and failure. However, things were completely different now. Women were receptive to that kind of thing.

Knocking on the door caused me to glance at the clock and realize that the time had already come. I opened the door to see Abby there. She dressed in a very refined way. She had a skirt that was the proper length, a blouse that covered her body without showing anything, and her hair done up. It was nice, but not sexy in any way.  I supposed you could call it a good girl look. Since a lot of girls since the change had sort of hasty, lazy and messy ways of dressing, it was a nice change of pace to see a girl who dressed carefully.

That’s not to say I didn’t like the messy look. It actually was pretty sexy on most girls. There was something about a loose shirt hanging off a girl’s shoulder, the absence of a bra, or messy hair that gave the women of this world a wild, untamed feel to them. Rather than look ugly, they appeared like that girl who was making the walk of shame—basically, a girl who was down for anything.

After I let her in, Abigail dropped a couple of bags in her arms and immediately headed straight for kitchen cabinets. After looking around for a few moments, she shook her head and gave a sigh.

“Just like I suspected, you have nothing to cook with here.”

“That! Ah… well, we have a few things.”

“You can’t really cook with the things you have!” Abigail said making fists in a cute way as if this was extremely important.

“Oh… sorry, I’m just not good with this kind of stuff.”

“Aren’t you a boy?”

“Since when has sex had anything to do with being able to cook? Seriously?”

She blushed. “S-sorry… I didn’t mean that. It’s just… I’m very passionate about cooking. I want to be a chef one day.”

“It’s good to have dreams,” I responded and then made a face. “I haven’t really thought about what I want to do.”

“Y-you could always just get married to a woman who will take care of you and have her babies?” She offered.

“Really? That’s what you’re going with. You have pretty antiquated views, don’t you?”

She grimaced. “I’m sorry, I’m just… not used to guys. My dad… he left when I was young.”

I nodded. “Mine too.”

She raised her head in surprise. “R-really?”

“It’s just been me in a house with seven women.”

“You have… six sisters?”

I nodded. “One doesn’t live at home, but the way she’s been hovering lately, you’d swear she had been. How much?”

As I spoke, I started going through the bags, pulling out ingredients which Abigail put away in the drawers. I hadn’t expected to be keeping this stuff she bought, so I decided to ask.

“N-no! You can keep it! I couldn’t make a boy pay for something like this.”

With most girls these days, their feelings for me were on their faces. It was so apparent I found myself ignoring a lot of it just to keep my sanity. However, with Abigail, I really couldn’t tell what she was thinking. Since I told myself I’d try to be direct with people more, since it worked well with the women of this world, I just went ahead and asked.

“Do you… like me, Abigail?”

“Wh-what? About the groceries? Ah… I didn’t mean it like that!”

“It’s just. You seem nervous. And you took off yesterday in a hurry. It left me a little confused.”

“I’m…” She looked down, blushing. “I don’t know…”

“Huh? What do you mean?”

She bit her lip before looking over at me. “I don’t know if I like guys. I’ve never been with one.”

“Most girls do whether they have been or not…”

“Well… I’m not most girls.” She responded back.

“Are you saying you want to try it and see?” I asked curiously.

“Wh-wh-what are you saying?” She looked away, her cheeks even redder.

“Why not?”

“Ah! I have to go…” She went to walk away, and I grabbed her arm.

“Why not?” I repeated.

“No! Um… look, it’s not you. I just need to go. Right now! I can’t be here.” She pulled on her arm, actually trying not to head to the back door, but the front door which she didn’t seem to know was blocked with furniture.

“Why are you doing this? Will you stop struggling?”

It was at this point that the door to the side opened and I realized someone had come home. It was Mackenzie who walked into the house. As soon as she was in, her eyes dropped to the pair of our hands, where I was holding onto her.

“Why do you have someone over, Noah?” She demanded, an angry expression on her face. “This is the second time.”

“I-I was just bringing food over!” She managed to recover her arm. “He needed it to cook. I’m going now.”

“Abigail.”

“I’m sorry that I couldn’t help more. Just follow the recipe I brought and use the ingredients.”

She fled past Mackenzie and out the door. Mackenzie had a frown on her face, but she didn’t say anything. I glanced past her and then followed Abigail out the door. I had to nearly jog to catch up to her quick stride, but I managed to catch her in the driveway.

“Wait! Just tell me why you’re leaving.”

She stopped but didn’t look back. I was just about to assume she wasn’t going to say anything, but then she spoke in a low voice.

“Your sister… Mackenzie… in middle school, she… she used to beat me up, okay?”

“Wait; what?”

“She used to bully me!” She responded in a hushed whisper, “Please… I thought I’d like to get to know you, but I’m not going to get beat up by your sister. I won’t be able to come again.”

Like that, she kept walking. She went straight to her car and then drove off down the street. I stood in the driveway for a bit, completely dazed. When I found out Bethany was being bullied, I went berserk. Yet, now that it was my own sister who was doing the bullying, I suddenly didn’t know what to say.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

That night, I ate with my family again. I had followed her directions, and the food ended up edible enough. She had picked something simple that was hard to screw up. I had texted her a few times after. I was giving her various levels of apology while trying to beg her to keep helping me. I even offered to come to her place instead. I didn’t want to come off as too desperate, but I also wasn’t willing to sit back and do nothing either. It ended with her telling me she’d think about it.

“Who are you texting?” A voice across from me asked.

“What does it have to do with you?” I snapped back before I could stop myself.

Mackenzie blinked, a bit surprised at my words. I immediately regretted saying them. It was the kind of things my sisters used to say to me back before the switch. I decided that’s what I was going to call it, the switch. It had been five days since the switch. It was now Thursday night. In three days, I would need to go back to school myself and deal with the consequences.

Before I could say anything, Kelsey barked a laugh. “That’s more like the Noah I remember. I was afraid his brain was permanently broken. I think London will be happy to hear he’s returning to normal.

So, that was how I treated my sisters in the past. They had said I was cold and mean to them. I didn’t mean to snap, but I was a bit frustrated and confused after finding out Mackenzie had used to bully other kids. Maybe it was some kind of mistake. Maybe she was just taking an innocuous action as something more meaningful? Either way, I couldn’t shake a sense of irritation deep inside me.

Mom spent her time reading news on her phone, while the rest of us ate in silence. It was only half of us anyway. Both Bethany and Kristy were busy and would show up later. When I finished eating, I stood up and started heading toward my room. Just as I was entering my door, I felt a tug on my shirt. I looked back to see Mackenzie standing there, looking awkward.

“Noah, I won’t tell mom or London about that girl you had over today.” She said, not looking directly at me.

“Oh? Um… thanks, I guess.” I didn’t really feel like saying it, but I didn’t want to get stuck talking to her either.

“Noah…” She didn’t let go of my shirt, pulling even tighter. “That girl, Abigail… I don’t want you hanging out with her.”

“Excuse me?”

“She’s…” She glanced down. “Just, don’t hang out with her, okay? Listen to your sister with this one thing, aright?”

“…” I stared at her, not sure what to say to that.

Of course, I planned to ignore her. Was she afraid of her former bullying? Did she think that if I talked to her enough, I’d find out about Mackenzie’s past? Well, it was too late for that. Abigail was kind of nice, and she was teaching me to cook. Meanwhile, Mackenzie had been a girl who had bullied and tortured me for my entire life. The more I thought about it, the more I found it strange if she hadn’t been a bully. After all, she had bullied me my entire life! I ripped my arm away from her and closed the door.

She didn’t stop me, only watching until the door blocked her vision. I went to bed and killed time playing around on the internet. I wanted to go to Dawn’s room, but I didn’t want to raise Mackenzie’s suspicion. She was already acting like some kind of guard dog. I didn’t need to give her any other reasons.

When it got close to the time, I was growing anxious. I needed to sneak out of the house without being seen. Dawn said that such a thing was easy for her, but that the girls would notice if I left. I did the old trick of leaving something in my bed, so it looked like I was asleep in it. After that, I put on a sweater with the hood up and baggy clothing. I was kind of excited, but also a bit worried. After all, I had never done anything like this before, at least not when I had given myself time to think about it.

I was going to meet up with my sister and a strange girl, all so that my sister could record us having sex. There was no way I could have predicted my life would have ended up in this state.

I managed to make it out the door without making very much noise or running into anyone. It was just before 10. I made it a few steps away from the home when I heard a noise behind the bushes. I froze and glanced over only to see Dawn poke her head out from behind them. She was dressed in all black and even had her face covered like she was a ninja.

“Seriously?”

“Shhhh!” She hissed, and then looked both ways before running and grabbing my arm, pulling me down next to her.

I crouched as she directed, but I didn’t make any effort to hide behind the bush. Instead, I glanced down at her while rolling my eyes.

“Shouldn’t we just go?”

“You see that neighbor over there? He’s a busy body! If he looks out his window while we’re walking away, he’ll definitely tell the whole neighborhood!” Dawn insisted.

“Then, aren’t we even more suspicious behind this bush?”

“You… I’m trying to protect your image!”

“Speaking of images, you have your camera and everything?”

“Y-yes! Of course! What do you take me for, an amateur?”

“Aren’t you?”

“Agh… brother… don’t’ wound me so!” She made an exaggerated hurt look, but then a moment later, she glanced at me more seriously. “Are you sure you’re ready for this?”

“Of course…” I snorted, ignoring the nervousness bubbling beneath the surface.

“It’s really hard to accept,” She spoke half to herself. “I’ve always fantasized about this. I can’t believe it’s about to come true.”

“You’ve always fantasized about filming your bother having sex with a girl off the internet?”

“N-no!” She blushed. “I mean… I’ve always wanted to film something like this. It’s not sexual! I swear! I won’t masturbate over it, I promise!”

She reached out and grabbed my hands. I suddenly had the urge to smell them and see if she had properly washed them recently.

“It’s not that I mind if you do? I could even help…”

“Even if you say that…” She let go of my hands. “I don’t know if I believe what you said, but as everyone said, it’s true. You really are different.”

“You’re not.”

“Eh? You’re saying boy me acts like a total perve too?” Her eyes widened in shock.

“It’s not that. You’re still a girl. It’s just, ah, nevermind.” I shook my head. “I mean the way you acted. You stayed in your room. You were standoffish. I used to never know what you were thinking about.”

“Aren’t you the same way?” She asked, an awkward expression on her face.

“No. Not really. At least, not in that world. I acted like I am now. Hey, I wonder if in that world you were closet one of those fifty shade of grey fan fiction fanatics. Like, you wrote trashy romance fan fictions about a boy band or something. I recall that you read twilight and were way too into it for a while. It was the last time I saw your passionate about anything.”

“Twilight?” She made a face, “I don’t watch such garbage! I mean, that werewolf girl was shirtless showing off her big chest the entire movie, and that girl with the sparkly vagina? How could I be into that gay shit.”

“I seem to remember it differently,” I responded absently. “Remind me to Netflix that stuff when I get back.”

“Brother is so weird…” She muttered under her breath and then looked up excitedly. “There, we can go! He’s in the bathroom! It’ll take him at least fifteen minutes.”

I looked over at Dawn and raised an eyebrow. “Why?”

“What? He has slow bowel movements?”

“Why do you know so much about our neighbor across the street?” I finished the question.

She shrugged uncomfortably, “That’s not important. Rather, I saved us! If he saw you sneaking out, he would cause trouble, I’m certain!”

“Okay, whatever…”

I decided it was better not to ask any more questions about that. Instead, I simply nodded and started following her. The pair of us left the area behind the bushes of our house and began to walk down the street. Once we left the safety of the lights in front of our house, I began to look around anxiously.

“So, where are we heading?”

“We’re going to their house,” Dawn responded, looking out ahead into the darkness.

“Really?” I blinked, suddenly remembering every warning ever about meeting someone over the internet.

“Don’t worry. You got me here.” She gave me a reassuring smile that didn’t reassure me at all.

After all, I probably was twice her size. In a fight, I’d be the one protecting her. I still thought that would be the case, even if it was a girl that was the aggressor. I wasn’t sure if I could hit a girl, but I supposed that depended on how hard she hit me. I definitely wouldn’t stand by if someone was hitting me hard enough that I felt threatened.

“Besides…” Dawn continued, snapping me out of my thoughts. “She’s actually really close by. It turns out she is my age.”

“Oh, really? Do you know who it is?”

I felt a lot better all of a sudden. If it had been some sixty-year-old nasty woman, I wasn’t sure if I’d go through with it. Although I jumped into it, I still had some limits.

“Peepshow69,” Dawn answered me with a snort.

I rolled my eyes and shot her a glare. That didn’t help at all. Well, it was unlikely I would know her even if she was 17 or 18. She probably wasn’t very hot. That was the thing I kept having to mentally prepare myself for. Dawn, although nerdy, would actually clean up well and be a very cute girl. Her hair was dirty, she didn’t use makeup, she had big black-framed glasses, but she was still a beautiful girl. Other creeps wouldn’t be that attractive. I couldn’t imagine someone who takes naughty photos of people without them seeing would be a good person.

We ended up slowing to a stop. It was a two-story house that actually looked a bit nicer than my own. It was only a few blocks away. Dawn was right. This woman lived really close to us. There were two cars in the driveway, but all of the lights in the house were out. I started going up the driveway when Dawn hissed at me.

“What are you doing?” She asked, heading up the side of the house.

“Huh? Isn’t this the place?”

She shook her head as if I was an idiot, another thing I was used to seeing from her. “I said she’s my age. Her parents own the house! How do you think we can shoot a porn there?”

“I don’t know… maybe they work overseas, and she has the place to herself!”

“Hah… someone watches too much anime!”

I blushed, quickly jogging to join her. The pair of us went along a path in the back of the house, which ultimately led to a large shed. In this case, the light of the shed was definitely on. Upon seeing the place where we were going to do this, my anxiety started to return again.

“Are we sure about this? This feels very serial killer-like?”

“Will you stop being such a boy? Just come on!” She shot me a dirty look.

I sighed and followed her the rest of the way to the door. Just as we reached it, I could hear something unlocking, and then the door opened. There were a lot of lights from floodlights pointing down. Perhaps this was peepshows attempt at doing film lighting. The result was that as soon as the door opened, I was blinded for a moment. With my hand in front of my eyes, I tried to squint past the floodlight pointed at the door and toward the figure in it. When I finally recognized them, my mouth fell open.

“Abigail…”

Abigail was standing there, wearing a pair of overalls and nothing underneath. The straps of the overalls came up over her bare breasts, just covering the nipple, but revealing all the fatty skin around it. Her hair was done up in pigtails, and she had even put makeup on. It was an extremely alluring look.

“Hey, Noah… so we meet again.” She gave a light smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Abigail? I looked in surprise at the woman in front of me. “Don’t tell me. You’re really Peepshow?”

“Ah? You’re on the student council!” Dawn cried out as well, clearly just as shocked by this development.

“Exactly.” She put a finger to her lips and winked. “So, it’d be best if you guys didn’t draw so much attention, okay?”

Her look mostly went to Dawn, who dressed all in black, looking extremely shady sneaking around a rich looking house at night. She gestured the two of us in, and I followed behind Dawn, feeling both relieved and complicated over this whole revelation. On one hand, Peepshow wasn’t old or ugly. In fact, she was a pretty nerd girl who I had already been thinking of having sex with. It was actually one of the best outcomes possible.

On the other hand, there was something alarming about the fact that she appeared at my doorstep mere days before this happened. I mean, I knew her from school, but we had no personal relationship. Now, I was trying to learn cooking from her while she sent naughty peep images to Dawn to put online. I suddenly recalled Mackenzie warning me away from Abigail. What did she know about the woman that I didn’t?

We were in her shed, but the entire place had been done up to make her own little studio. There were sheets with various background designs lined against the wall and floor. There was a large couch in the middle, and there were numerous large floodlights which pointed directly at the couch. There were also two full-size cameras, one of which made anything Dawn had look like a joke. The entire thing was set up like a movie set.

“Wow… you really have things set up nicely.” Dawn said in excitement, her eyes wide as she looked at the larger of the two cameras.

“Of course, what do you take me for?” Abigail crossed her arms smugly.

“A seller of upshort photos. It would be less strange if you were a thirty-five-year-old living in your mom’s basement.” I said while glancing around until my eyes landed on her frowning expression. “Ah, not that I mind you’re not! In fact, it’s much better that you’re such a cute girl.”

“Is he always like this?” Abigail whispered to Dawn.

Dawn chuckled. “I used to not think so, but he got a head injury a couple of days ago, and now he says he has a mind as dirty as girls.”

“Hehe… I doubt that.” She snickered.

I crossed my arms and shot them a glare. “Try me. It’s not like I aim to be a pervert, but I won’t have a couple of perverts looking down on me either.”

Abigail smirked and then pursed her lips. “Okay… how about this. How about I find three girls and you can service them all at once?”

“How is that anything but a perfect fantasy?”

Three girls at once? Isn’t that even better than the fabled threesome? I had considered it a few times, but perhaps there really was a chance I could have a threesome in this world. The only reason I had doubted it was because lesbians were less popular in this world. I only wanted the good kind of threesome. I wasn’t going to go with two guys on a girl, no matter how much it was a girl’s fantasy in this world.

“Hehe… okay… maybe that was too easy. How about butt sex?”

“If I’m sticking it in the girl,” I responded, sticking out my tongue.

“Naturally! Wait? How would a girl stick it in a guy?”

“With a strap-on?”

“You mean those things lesbos use? On a guy? Why!” Abigail seemed genuinely surprised by this development.

Even my sister was looking at me like I had declared something she had never heard about before.

“What? I don’t know! Don’t gay guys do anal? The prostate is sensitive or something.”

“Ah! That’s right! But I didn’t think a straight guy would do such a thing!”

“I won’t!”

“Tsk… spoilsport!”

So, not everything in this world was completely the opposite. I already knew this, since girls still wore clothing that was generally reserved for women and men general wore clothing reserved for men. Both sexes also were free to use makeup or do their hair. Men were just a bit more metrosexual, and women all had a girl next door lazing at home look. This was fine. If men were in dresses, and women were wearing briefs, I’m not sure if I could cope.

“Do guys really refuse to do anal sex with a girl?” I asked.

“Of course… every girl secretly wants to try it, but a lot of guys think it’s gross. You can only hope they slip in by accident and like the feel. There was that video on the internet, how to get your boyfriend to give you anal. Use a lot of lube. Turn the lights out, and raise it up to higher and hope he slips in. You can also guide it in yourself, but if he realizes you tricked him, he might get angry…”

So, it was like that. I had a good guess now why it didn’t flip. I figured it had to do with the mechanics of sex. Men had the dick, and women had the pussy. Sort of like how men knew that lesbians could scissor, mashing their parts together for satisfaction, but that it’d be impractical for a guy to be able to do it, so it never occurred to us to try. As for women taking it in the butt, well, whatever world, slippage would happen during sex. Yet, in my old world, women would complain, chastise, or angrily stop the sex.

Women here were expected to be tough and satisfy their man. A little pain was just bitching. With that mentality, women wouldn’t say anything if their man got it in the wrong hole. In fact, they might be afraid of embarrassing them and causing them to stop having sex, so instead, they came to find enjoyment out of it instead. In fact, women in this world liked it in the butt, or at least, they were too proud to admit that they didn’t like it. Of course, there were always exceptions. I remember guys in my old world who didn’t want to do anal because it was dirty. That number was just way higher here to the point where finding a man willing to do anal became a commodity for women.

“Well, I have no problem with anal. Let’s start with that!’ I said eagerly.

She held up her hands. “E-easy! Let’s not get too eager. Rather… you’re just speaking words right now. I think if you’re really serious, w-we should put you to the test, right?”

“A test?” I wanted to roll my eyes. “Okay… sure, what do you want me to do.”

I almost felt like laughing. Were these girls suspicious of me? This was actually a really awesome situation where I got to sleep with a hot girl, but she didn’t seem to be convinced I was really into it. I guess she thought I’d chicken out once we started or something. I was actually being questioned on my willingness to have sex. I understood why, but it still couldn’t stop me from shaking my head in disbelief. This world still managed to surprise me. Upstanding student council members were closet exhibitionists, nerdy sisters were pornographers, and soccer moms were horny sluts.

“Simple. Eat my pussy.”

“Is that all?”

“You’ll do it?”

I glanced over at Dawn, who looked away and blushed. I was trying to flip the situation in my mind as quickly as it would go. The situation would be like if a brother took his little sister to some strange guy’s house to film her naked, and then the guy, who was a popular student, pulled out his dick and told her to suck it to prove she was really willing. It was the set up to a porn movie. I couldn’t see it any other way. I came to shoot a sex scene, but it felt like I was already in one.

“Okay…” I said, realizing she wanted me to show her.

She had been to my house twice in the last two days, and I had already been debating having sex with her. Now, we were in some brightly lit shed turned into a studio and she was telling me to eat her pussy while my sister watched. What a strange direction things went.

I went to my knees, reaching out and grabbing her pants. She watched me with a slightly predatory look, biting her lip as her cheeks grew flushed. Dawn was looking away, apparently a little too shy for this. Didn’t she want to be a photographer? That’s the entire reason we were here! Yet, if she couldn’t even look at this much, what was the point?

Well, it’s not like I mind. I was planning on fucking Abigail eventually anyway. It just turned out to be quicker than I had thought. Unzipping her pants and opening them up, I pulled them and her underwear down to around her knees, revealing her pussy to me. I guided her back on the couch and then I reached out with my tongue gently licking the inside.

“Yeah, like that…” She moaned happily, stroking my hair like she was trying to soothe a wounded animal.

I bit on her clit, causing her to let out a cute cry.

“A-ah! T-teeth!”

I let out a laugh of my own and then plunged my face right into her snatch. Thankfully, she had washed up before this. She had been preparing. Did she know Dawn’s true identity when she had made all these plans? Did she know it was me who was going to be coming over? Is that why she made sure she was the one to bring over the homework? Was it possible that she had set this all up?

To the me at that moment, none of that mattered. I was having fun. My sister was with me, and I was supporting her. I was getting to do something I loved to do. Abigail was a cute girl, and the taste of her cunt in my mouth was fun. I ate her until she ended up squirting, and then I kept going until she did it again. Only on the third time did she finally pull away and tell me that it was enough. At this point, it was late, and I was worried if we stayed out too much longer, then it would be difficult to get back into the house.

Of course, we also hadn’t gotten a single picture on film. Abigail chastised Dawn for failing to do her job. She apologized, but also looked a bit awkward and uncomfortable. She did just watch her brother give another woman cunnilingus, so I supposed it wasn’t the most normal thing. We agreed to meet again tomorrow to finally start taking pictures. All in all, this was a trial run and only the beginning.

“Is… this really alright?” Dawn asked quietly as we walked back.

I stopped and glanced over at her. “Do you not want to?”

“N-no… I mean yes… I mean, I really want to.” She said, sounding somewhat impassioned. “It’s just… I don’t know. You’re my little brother. I worry about you.”

I chuckled. “I’ll be fine. You don’t need to think so hard about it. Just have a good time, right?

Life was an adventure, and this was a new world to play in. It was my kind of world. Rather than thinking about things seriously, I decided it’d be better to just have some fun. There was no point in asking questions or dwelling on things too much. I always had later to worry about that. The old me, the procrastinator and world-class underachiever had finally adapted to this new world.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We managed to sneak back into the house without a problem. I had some worry someone would catch me, but come the next morning. There were no repercussions. It was Friday, and my last day off from school. London stopped by very early in the morning, and I was forced to get up while all the girls were getting ready for school.

She checked my vitals and checked my health to verify if I was okay to return to school on Monday. I could only smile uneasily at this. From my point of view, this was all just silly. I never had a head injury from the beginning. However, it made Mother feel better, and London got to show off her schooling, so that seemed to be the nature of things.

I was a bit worried about returning to school. I was distant with my family, so they didn’t seem to notice a difference, but what about my friends? I would have to rely on Samantha a bit for this. I already thought I should probably call her once everyone left for the day. She was only one of two people who believed me. Well, whether she truly believed me was questionable, but she could at least help me get through the day. Plus, if we’re going by reverse reasoning, she owed me for having sex with her!

Damn, even thinking it made my head hurt, how were things so screwed up in my old world that women could treat sex, something they themselves enjoyed, like some gift they bestowed on men that gave them numerous privileges. I decided to stop thinking about such things, as London was noticing the strange expression on my face and was starting to question it. Instead, I smiled and told London everything she wanted to hear. I definitely didn’t talk about my experiences with another world, as I’m sure that would get me another week in quarantine.

“He can go back to school on Monday.” She finally declared, allowing me to let out a breath of relief. “I don’t see any swelling or any neural issues.”

“London, don’t talk about neural issues in front of him like this, you’ll worry him.” Mom admonished in a stern tone.

“Huh? I said he was fine, though?”

I frowned as mom grabbed her arm and pulled her away, whispering a few things back and forth in private. I narrowed my eyes a bit, feeling irritated that they were treating me like a… well, in this world, it was a boy. This was bad even by that standard. Was this the 1950s? Was I supposed to be in the kitchen, barefoot and preg- well, that’s not possible, but I’m sure they had similar stereotypes back in the day.

“Honey, everything is okay. London says keep it easy for the next three days, and if anything comes up, don’t hesitate to call her, or me for that matter.” Mom said once she finished her private conversation with London.

She grabbed her keys and headed out the door, London following behind. One big difference I noticed from the past was that the mornings were much less hectic. In the past, the girls would take forever waiting in line at the bathroom and mom would need to kick their butts out the doors. I had committed to not having bathroom time in the mornings. That was no longer an issue. Everyone just grabbed their stuff and left.

I watched as everyone went on their way to school. Dawn didn’t give me a single glance. In fact, she very deliberately avoided looking at me so that she didn’t cast any suspicion. However, that itself might have been suspicious, because Mackenzie gave each of us a hard look as she walked out the door. She didn’t hear us coming in late last night? No, that was impossible. The Mackenzie I knew would have kicked up a fuss the second she heard someone acting out of line. Maybe, she was worried that Abigail would come over today.

Well, after our time together the previous night, I had gotten a recipe from her based off the ingredients she had brought over earlier. It was another simple food I could cook. I really was getting the hang of cooking though. It wouldn’t be long before I could make much more intriguing dishes. I just needed some time to experiment with spices and such. It wasn’t that I was enjoying cooking for the girls! It was just. I needed to maintain the act. That was all!

The meal was something slow-roasted, so once all of the girls left, I began to prepare it and left it in the cooker. By dinner time, it’d be ready. That gave me a lot of time to kill. Tonight, Dawn and I were finally going to shoot our first film in Abigail’s studio, but that was going to be much later. At the moment, I was just sitting at the couch, bored and watching television.

“You can do it! Men can do it! Say it with me, gentlemen. I am man! I am man!” I quickly turned the channel.

“Only women can keep men from being raped.” Change.

“All I’m saying is that homosexuality is wrong. I mean, unless it’s two hot guys. Am I right?” Change.

“Do you have male odors? Are you not feeling quite fresh?” Change and off.

“At least this world also has nothing to watch on television.” I sighed.

At that moment, there was a light tapping on the door. I got up from the couch and went to answer it. When I saw who it was, I was genuinely a little surprised.

“Abigail? Aren’t you supposed to be in school?”

“Not right now, I’m not.” She chuckled, lifting up a paper bag. “Can I come in?”

“Ah, yeah, I stepped back. “You brought more groceries? Ah, I did get the money to pay you back.”

“No… bought those for you!” Abigail shook her head, putting the bag on the table. “And I bought these for you too.”

“Huh?” I moved up the bag as she stepped back eagerly.

I began to look through the bag. The first thing I pulled out was a pair of boxers. Except, they had holes in the back, one on each buttock. I looked over at her and raised an eyebrow.

“What is that about?” I held up the item.

“Ah… that’s not everything!” She blushed. “They’re clothing. Things I thought you’d look good in.”

I started pulling out item after item. There were at least ten outfits in the bag. Some of them were costumes. Others were tight shirts or various other outfits. They seemed tight in the chest and around the crotch. Many of them seemed flimsy, and a few, I had no clue how to wear. None of them looked comfortable, but Abigail was looking at me with hopeful eyes, looking for a certain reaction.

“They’re… nice?” I smiled.

She broke into a smile and nodded excitedly. “I’m glad you like them. I have a ton more I want to see you in as well. You’d look really hot. I could do like a photography shoot or something. You’ll be my model, right?”

“I guess…” Something about the fervent look in her eyes made me feel strangely helpless. “Um, but with Dawn, right?’

“Dawn…” She looked away, saying the name almost like a curse. “Ah… I mean… you don’t really want to do this stuff around your sister, do you? I mean, she can come when we need the big stuff, but it is cool if you and I do some private stuff too, right?”

“Oh, I mean…” I was caught a little bit surprised by the visit.

I mean, technically, I had agreed to this stuff as a means of getting closer to Dawn. Cutting her out felt wrong in several ways. Then again, when I thought about it, she was my sister. Leaving her involved was just as weird. If I did get caught, it would be better if Dawn didn’t get implicated, right? Didn’t I say it last night? I was just going to enjoy this life. I wouldn’t cut her out, but what did it matter if I had fun on my own.

“Yeah… it’d be fun.” I grinned.

Actually, thinking about what I did with Abigail the night before was starting to turn me on. Since she was here and no one else was, and it was nowhere near the time Mackenzie was going home, I was thinking of inviting her to my room.

“Can you try this on?” I was just about to ask her if she wanted to have sex, and she pushed an outfit on me.

I looked it up and down. “A… nurse outfit?”

“You’ll look so hot in this, I promise.”

I let out a breath with just a bit of a laugh. “Okay… if that’s what you want.”

I grabbed my shirt and began pulling it off. Abigail’s eye’s widened, and she spun around.

“Woah! Your bathroom is over there, right?”

“Huh? You want me to change in there?”

“Ah… it’s just… when you come out, I want the whole scene at once, you know…” She responded, her voice shaking nervously.

I chuckled and walked into the bathroom. Taking one last look at the outfit, I had to sigh again. I never thought this was how I’d spend my day. I wonder how’d she react if she knew I’d rather just fuck her. I pulled off my clothing and put on the outfit. I decided to use some water and some hairstyle, so my hair was a bit nicer too.

It wasn’t the sexy nurse outfits of my old world. This looked like a typical scrubs that anyone would wear in a hospital. Except, that the shirts V-line dipped hallway to my stomach, and was so loose that anyone peaking from the sides could see my bare chest and nipples. The pants were super tight, especially around the ass and crotch. I almost needed to stretch them over my ass. If I bent at all, I’d be showing buttcrack. It was only after fiddling with it for five minutes I realized that that was probably the idea.

“Should I start shaving back there?’ I wondered out loud.

I didn’t think that was a question I could ask Abigail, no matter how much she was into this kind of stuff. Dawn would probably be a better person to ask. Men were hairier than women, that was true no matter how flipped our values were. So, I really didn’t know if men in porn shaved or not. Although, the best example I could think of was a woman’s bush. Some women were au natural, while others shaved it bare. Neither was wrong, and both had their appeal depending on the person.

That was more thought than I ever wanted to put into my buttcrack. Damn, women in this world were screwing with my mind. Don’t laugh until you try it. The problem with men openly gawking at women is that those women become very aware of their appearance. Even if the man only says positive things, just knowing you have eyes on you all of the time gives someone a need to worry about their appearance. Before, since I never really thought most girls were looking at me in any kind of romantic way, I didn’t worry as much about how I looked.

With a breath, I finally came out into my living room. Abigail had closed the blinds and was now sitting on my couch. Her mouth fell open when she saw me. I felt extremely self-conscious, but seeing her eyes roaming over my body hungrily, my heart started to quicken, and I got aroused very quick. In those pants, there was no way to hide the tent that formed in front of Abigail’s eyes.

“Oh, is my dirty little boy getting excited?” She purred hungrily. “Shall we take care of that?”

I nodded excitedly. A guy could get used to this kind of treatment.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Abigail stroked the tent in my pants excitedly, looking at me with eyes filled with perversion that I only wished a girl would look at me within my old world. She bit her lip, only all too excited as she unbuckled my pants, and pulled it out. Of course, I was already fully erect and ready to go.

“My… my… you’re so hard…” She tried to tease me.

If I would flip things around, this was the point where the guy would stick his hand in a girl’s pants and then tease her for being so wet and horny. Then, she’d deny it while blushing. However, I wasn’t a guy from this world, and I wasn’t even inexperienced at sex anymore. This was my third time doing this. That hardly made me an expert, but I was definitely eager to get started.

“Just suck it already!” I grabbed the back of her head and shoved it into my crotch.

“Ah! Uuummmmm…” Her mouth went right around my cock, and she didn’t hesitate to start bobbing her head up and down on it like she was a pro.

Well, I had only had one other blow my cock before in a car, so it really was amazing. In some ways, it was nearly as good as sex. She hit the top and bottom of my shaft with her teeth a bunch. I was starting to understand what all the porn sites were on about with that. She definitely didn’t have the skill of Sam’s mother. However, she was really moving her head, and with my hand on the back of her head, I could feel it going up and down. When she needed to take a breath, she pulled it out and licked it from top to bottom. There was a lot of drool, and it was really messy, but somehow that made it hotter.

It didn’t look like it did in the porn movies, but the fact she was trying so hard to make it look like that is what I enjoyed the most. She didn’t go super deep, it wasn’t what was called deep throat. She only went just far enough so that she didn’t gag herself. However, never having deep throated, I didn’t know the feeling to either desire or not desire it. Either way, I wasn’t really a sadist, so I didn’t really want to hurt a girl if I didn’t have to.

She pulled out my dick and grabbed it with one hand, licking the balls. “You like that? I love the taste of your balls.”

“Really?” I can’t imagine she would, but then again, I’d tell a girl I like the taste of her pussy no matter what it tasted like.

Then again, the pussy I’ve tasted included hers, I did like the taste of, so maybe she did enjoy the taste of my balls, not that I ever wanted to know what that tasted like.

“Cum in my mouth.” She moaned. “I want to eat your cum. It’s okay.”

“Ah… okay…”

I hadn’t been trying to hold back, but I wasn’t close to coming either. I was wondering if she was overestimating her blowjob. I mean, it wasn’t that I didn’t love it, but that she kept getting me with teeth. It was enough that I couldn’t manage to get to the point of climax. It was actually a major tease because I was really close, but then her teeth would scratch again, and I’d be denied release.

“Cum… don’t hold back. Just cum.” She purred excitedly.

Thankfully, she couldn’t see the expression on my face, which was a bit annoyed. I guess, in the end, she was just as big of an amateur as I was. I wasn’t cumming from her blowjob. As the novelty of it began to wear off, I began to realize that she was just way too overconfident in her ability.

However, if I told her any of that, I might end up offending her. Then, I wouldn’t get any sex at all! I was really horny. I just wanted it in her pussy. Other than the handjob from the doctor, my other recent times with women I had finished inside them. So, it was basically what I was used to doing. I hadn’t been inside Abigail yet, so I was eager to be inside the thing I had tasted all of last night.

My balls had been aching the night before after eating her for so long, and I was going to end up with blue balls again if I had to wait on her. She was determined to “get a taste”. Perhaps, after I had made her squirt so many times last night, it was a matter of pride. Thinking about it, if a girl sucked me off until I had cum several times, and then I wanted to return the favor, I would be determined to give her the same or feel like a complete failure.

As she desperately tried to bring me to the edge and I grew more and more frustrated, it became completely impossible to cum. Even if I relaxed and we could have obtained it under normal circumstances, I had put up so much pressure that I just couldn’t. Maybe it was because it was in my living room. Yeah, that was part of it. My family lived in this room, and here I was fornicating on the couch my sisters sat at. If they saw what I was doing, they’d definitely be embarrassed.

Well, that didn’t free me of the current predicament, so I found myself considering what a girl would do. If a guy was going down on her and she just wanted him to finish, what would she do? That was right. She’d fake it! However, I’m a guy! Guy’s cum when they orgasm. That’s an undeniable fact! How was I going to be able to fake it!”

Fap! Fap! Fap! She had taken it out of her mouth and had a tight fist on it, stroking up and down so hard that it actually felt slightly painful.

“Come on!” She said through gritted teeth. “Just cum!”

“Uh… I’m about to!” I declared, biting my lip as tears formed in my eyes. “K-keep sucking! I’m almost there!”

Her eyes grew excited, and she started sucking me off again. If her handjob was a little less rough, I might have gotten off that way. There was probably also not much like the cumshot in this world, where I finish off the last few strokes while she sits there with her mouth open. This was all a lot more complicated than it looked. If I had sex in my original world a few times, then I’d at least have some reference for how things were supposed to be. As it were, I was really just exploring bodies here!

“Ahhh… Ahhh… damn… your mouth is so great. It’s making me cum!” I acted, trying to make it sound convincing while feeling like an idiot.

It seemed to encourage her, as she went faster and faster, but that also meant more teeth and other mistakes. She was way too eager to gobble down my cock. Normally, that was a really big turn on, but now that it had gotten to this point, it felt more laughable than erotic. So, I did my best to fake it.

“I-I’m cumming!”

I grabbed the back of her head and tightened my hands on her hair. I pushed my dick down her throat enough that she choked, and when I tried to shudder. After about fifteen seconds, I let go, and she eagerly pulled her mouth out, wiping it as she coughed.

“Wow… Abigail… so amazing…” I responded, pretending to pant.

She let out another cough while cleaning her mouth. “R-really?”

“Yeah… it felt so good.” That wasn’t a lie. It was the best blowjob I had ever had.

“I tasted a little cum… but I was expecting more…”

“I-it’s not like guys cum a lot every time…” I responded, lying my way out of it.

“Oh? Yeah… I think I heard that.”

I realized as soon as I lied, I had been speaking to a girl who helped run a sex site. As far as deviants go, she should have a ton of knowledge about sex. In the end, she was willing to believe the lie, though. Although it was true women could orgasm without cumming, I had managed to tell her a lie about men. Wait! Was it true that women could orgasm without cumming? Or… have women been lying to men the whole time? I suddenly wasn’t sure. From my experiences, it was pretty easy to tell when a woman came. You could feel it tightening and twitching, and it got like a flood of wetness that even shot out at times. For all I knew, women always came too, and had been faking the supposed cumless orgasm just like me!

Feeling like my world view had just been overturned, I stood up with my dick still hanging out and grabbed Abigail’s hand. “Let’s go to my room.”

I was already extremely horny after that blowjob. Just because I had gotten to a state where I couldn’t cum didn’t mean that it didn’t turn me on. If Abigail knew how bad I wanted to fuck her that moment, then she probably wouldn’t even feel too bad if she found out I didn’t cum from the blowjob. Well, it wasn’t like I was going to tell her that.

We were already kissing by the time we entered my room. She started tearing off my clothing as I tore off hers. I had intended to toss her on the bed, but apparently, she thought of it first and I ended up on the bed. My cock was already hard again, not that it had softened much from the blowjob. Abigail jumped on top, panting excitedly.

“God, I’ve wanted you for so long.” She moaned.

“R-really…”

She nodded. “I’ve had a crush on you for years. Why do you think I agreed to go to your house? I wanted to spend time with you. I was excited about the chance to cook with you. Then, when Dawn told me you were interested in porn, I thought I’d finally get my chance. I never thought we’d get to this point so fast.”

“Is that bad?”

She shook her head, her hair bouncing back and forth. “No! Baby, I don’t think you’re a slut or anything. I’m actually just really happy. C-can I tell you a secret though?”

“Hm?”

“I’m actually a virgin. I’ve never done anything before.”

Although she blushed, she was saying this completely naked and straddling me. She had one knee on the bed, and the other foot propped up. Her pussy was literally two inches from my erect cock, and she was holding it spread with her fingers while her spare hand was lining it up.

I sat up in surprise, “You’re a virgin?”

“Last night, you made me squirt for the first time. I heard girls could do it, but I never have. You’re amazing, Noah. I just wanted you to know that I love you. You’re going be my boy forever, okay?”

“Ah…” I started to get a bad feeling, “Wa-“

She didn’t wait. Instead, she shoved it inside herself. She was already wet, and I felt it pop right through and keep going until I was deep in her womb. She let out a cry of pain, but she didn’t stop until she had buried my dick deep in her pussy. The feel of her tight snatch was incredible. Breaking past her hymen caused her muscles to contract, and they were twitching with resistance as I broke through her defenses.

After her sloppy blowjob, the feeling was just too much. The second my cock entered her womb, I started to cum deep inside her.

“I-I feel it!” She said excitedly, her face filled with ecstasy.

“Ahh… Abigail…” I panted, grabbing her hips as I came.

Before I could feel any shame over prematurely ejaculating, she brought her head down and leaned close to my ear.

“You’re my man now. I own you.”

With those words, she started to rock her hips, using her pussy to bring my cock back to life. Her words, however, seemed echo through my head. Something about them gave me an uneasy feeling, but I didn’t know what. Eventually, my cock grew hard again, and I began to forget about that feeling and just enjoy myself. There was nothing wrong with just having fun, right?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Abigail left shortly after we finished. She did make sure to give me some recipes I could follow as well as some advice to finish them. I wanted to hang out more, but she strangely seemed like she was eager to leave. Perhaps, she was worried about being caught here when Mackenzie came home. If Mackenzie started bullying her again, I’d definitely have to butt in. She left the outfits with me, which I stuffed under my bed, not sure I’d ever wear any of them unless she bugged me to.

I wasn’t too worried about her leaving early, though. We planned to meet that very night again with Dawn. So, I only had to wait a bit. Like every night, I scooped out the dishes and then sat at the table. The girls seemed to show up arbitrarily to eat whenever they felt like it. Depending on the activities they had after school, some got home while I was cooking, while others came just as I was serving.

“Hey, Noah, this is getting almost as good as you were,” Kelsey spoke up in between mouth fulls. “For a bit there, I thought you lost your cooking skills with your brain damage, but ow…”

Kristy casually elbowed her in the side. “Noah’s food is always good.”

“What? I was just saying!” Kelsey complained while rubbing her side, even after facing dirty looks from both Mackenzie and mom.

“So, you’re coming back to school on Monday?” Kristy ignored her sister and asked me a question. “You’ll be riding the bus with us, right?”

“Of course, he will,” Mom suddenly spoke up, “Why wouldn’t he?”

“Huh? I thought he might be getting a ride with his new girlfriend?” Kristy stated.

Her words were like an explosion across the dinner table. Every fork hit the plate, and every eye ended up looking my way. I was just as stunned as them, as I didn’t expect them to know anything. Even calling Abigail, my girlfriend was a bit soon. I mean, she might consider me her boyfriend, but for a pervert like her who looked up people’s shorts for a living, I didn’t take her all that seriously.

“Noah’s dating someone?” Mom’s voice sounded slightly hostile, causing my alarm bells to fire off.

“Eh? I heard he was dating that girl he used to hang out with, Samantha.” Kristy said worriedly

“Samantha?” Mom’s eyes narrowed.

“You’ve met her. They used to hang out when they were little.” Trying to shoot me an apologetic look while speaking to mom with a calming voice. “She’s a good girl, I think.”

“Where did you get that we were dating?” I blurted out, still too surprised to think clearly.

“Ah… just rumors at school. You’ve been gone all week, but I heard Samantha got in big trouble…” her voice broke, and she shot me a look.

I immediately understood what the nature of said rumors would be. Thankfully, Kristy had the tact not to mention them in front of mom.

“That’s right!” Kelsey suddenly opened her mouth. “Samantha was caught in bed with some boy- ah!”

Leave it to Kelsey to not be able to keep her mouth shut. Kristy shot her a look, and even Kelsey had the decency to blush.

“What!” Mom’s face was really angry now.

“Ah… that’s just what I heard… I never spoke to Samantha or anything!”

“You shouldn’t believe rumors.” Dawn suddenly spoke up. “Besides, brother is dating someone else right now, I think…”

She was trying to help by deflecting the rumors away from me being in bed with Samantha, but that was pushing the rumors into me being with Abigail, which would be just as bad. I tried to shoot her a subtle look to shut up. She got the gesture, but so did every other girl at the table.

“That’s right!” Bethany called out. “He’s dating that girl who hit him with the car!”

This time, it was like cold water was doused over the table. A third girl had been brought up. Here I was, thinking all of my actions were going unnoticed, and it turned out my sisters had all been watching me. Furthermore, there were already rumors flying around school, and I hadn’t even been there a day yet.

The silence covered the table for a few minutes while we slowly ate in silence. Of course, I didn’t open my mouth to reveal a single word of the truth. How could I even tell the truth? I had been fornicating with any number of women lately. If I admitted this to anyone, it would assuredly bring me a great deal of trouble. For some reason, I felt like Abigail might be the most dangerous subject. Although Mackenzie hadn’t contributed to the conversation, she was glowering right now. Since Dawn hadn’t said Abigail’s name and was immediately supported by Bethany, it’s possible she hadn’t considered that.

Who was I kidding? She knew that Abigail had come over to the house at least twice this week. If she wasn’t at least suspecting that Abigail might be the actual girl I was dating, then she definitely wasn’t Mackenzie. I could only keep eating in bitter silence, hoping the meal ended quickly, so I could hide in my room. Unfortunately, it was clear mother had been thinking about what she heard, and wouldn’t let it drop so easily.

“Noah, dear…” Mom’s voice was a bit too sweet, causing my hackles to rise. “Is there any girl you happen to be dating right now?”

Everyone stopped eating again, and I felt like I wanted to cry. In the past, I was ignored. Not a single sister, let alone my mother, would have cared about my life. The policy was that as long as I didn’t get a girl pregnant, I could basically do what I wanted. That wasn’t true. I’m sure I wasn’t allowed to take a girl into my bedroom, but regrettably, there was never an opportunity in which I could test that out. Still, I went from being basically ignored to being the center of attention. Why was my life suddenly so interesting to my sisters? I could feel them all eagerly listening for my answer, so I needed to tread extremely carefully.

“Samantha is just a friend…” I responded slowly, “And so is Anna.”

I was very careful not to even mention Abby. However, Dawn shifted, and I think Mackenzie noticed I was keeping something back.

“Anna?”

“That’s… the um… the girl who hit me with the car.”

“So, London was right. You were hanging around with her…” Mom sighed. “Is this one of those things where guys like to date girls who are dangerous?”

“Mom…” I shook my head slightly. “I just asked her for a favor to repay me for the incident. It’s not anything important.”

“Still…” She frowned. “I think we should probably have the sex talk.”

“Mom!” Mackenzie cried out.

“It’s too late for that…” I muttered.

Kelsey nearly spat out her drink.

“What is that?” Mom’s face flushed angrily again.

“Y-you… and I already had it!” I responded defensively. “Remember? All women are scum?”

“Is that seriously what you told him?” Mackenzie growled.

“Ah… right…” Mom blushed, remembering the conversation we had about half of a week ago, where she spoke about her affair. “I meant, we needed to talk… I mean… more… the mechanics.”

“Oh, Jesus…” Kelsey started giggling.

“Mom!” Mackenzie shot mom a look.

“Well! He needs to learn! And his mother should be the one to teach him how his body works.”

“No… Just no…” Kristy was shaking her head.

“You’re the last person who should be telling a boy how his body works!” Mackenzie continued to chastise.

“Hey, bitch! Are you saying it’s because I haven’t gotten any in years?”

“Oh, my, god… mom, you’re so embarrassing.” Kristy covered her face.

Kelsey thought it was hilarious, though, covering her mouth as she kept herself from bursting out in laughter.

“Actually, I thought it was because you’re really old,” Bethany whispered, causing Dawn to bark out a laugh that she quickly covered with her hand.

“Mom! I don’t need to know about your sex life!”

“Well, at least I’ve had one!” Mom shot back. “None of you girls can give him a proper talk.”

“I-I’ll give him the talk,” Mackenzie said.

“What does that mean?” Mom narrowed her eyes. “Are you saying you’ve been with some guys recently.”

“I-I haven’t!” Mackenzie blushed. “But… I’m the oldest so…”

No one was giving me a chance to speak up. I was sixteen! You’d think I was twelve by the way they were talking. I didn’t know whether to laugh or cry as everyone was giving out their thoughts on the subject.

“Well, if we’re going by age and experience,” Mom sighed. “London would naturally be the most experienced. I’ll ask her to swing by this weekend. She’s a med student, so she can definitely do it in the least embarrassing way.”

“Guys, I’m sixteen!” I finally managed to break into the conversation. “I don’t need a sex talk!”

“Honey, don’t get so worked up, it’s just a talk. It’s healthy for teenagers to talk about sex.”

“Can I talk about sex?” Kelsey asked, a wide grin on her face.

“No one wants to talk about your sick fantasies where you eat a guy’s ass.” Kristy snapped at her.

“Kristy!” Mom admonished.

“The hell! I told you that in confidence!” Kelsey yelled.

Kristy turned away shamefully, realizing her comment had been a bit bad. She had been looking to get back at Kelsey for some of her comments, but it was clear by her expression that she had felt she went a bit too far with that one.

“Sorry…”

“Besides… I’m into spanking now.” Kelsey suddenly added.

“Kelsey!” Mom turned her glare on the other twin.

“It’s still butts…” Bethany said.

“Hey!” Kelsey puffed her chest out proudly. “What can I say? I’m a woman who likes guy butts!”

Mackenzie slammed her hands on the table, causing their laughing to silence. “Can you girls stop acting like this at the dinner table? You’re making brother uncomfortable.”

“Eh?” I blinked. “But, I like girl butts.”

The dinner table went silent again, Mackenzie’s attempt to curtail the conversation exploding in her face.

“B-brother,” Kelsey looked at me with bright eyes. “I’ve never loved you as much as I loved you right now.”

This time, I did blush. Kelsey had never told me she loved me in her entire life. To suddenly say it in the middle of a meal, that was far more embarrassing than talking about ass. The other girls broke into snickers, except Mackenzie, who had a sour expression on her face.

“H-hey, Noah, who has the nicest butt here?” Bethany asked.

“Isn’t it mine?” I responded.

This time, even Mackenzie smirked as the girls burst out laughing.

“He’s right, you know.” Mom chuckled mischievously.

“Mom! Stop looking at your son’s butt!” Mackenzie admonished.

“Hey! You don’t count!” Kelsey shook her head. “You got to pick one of us!”

“Fine…” I looked around as the girls all watched me. “Mackenzie.”

“M-me?” Mackenzie gasped, glancing away from me, her previously angry expressions vaporized in a second.

“What? I was sure it’d be me!” Kelsey cried out. “I do all those squats, so my ass is nice and toned!”

“Yeah, but that makes it hard, I like something round and soft.”

“M-my butt is round. The guys at school say I have a bubble butt!” Kristy said, adjusting in her seat.

“Well, your butt has no tone at all, it comes off a bit flabby.”

“F-flabby butt!”

“What about my butt?” Bethany asked.

“Small.”

“Fuu… it’ll get bigger!”

“Maybe you should take a look at my butt.” Kelsey was getting out of her chair and bending over. “I think you’re missing the brilliance…”

“Okay, all of you! I agree with Mackenzie. Stop with this talk at the table!” Mom finally broke in, putting an end to the quickly declining conversation.

Kelsey sat back down with a grumble, and all of the girls finally quieted down and finished their meals. However, Mom had a slight smirk on her lips that betrayed her attempt to act mature. In reality, all the girls were smirking and hiding giggles. I was as well. In a moment, my entire family seemed to unite over a single concept. Butts was funny. This truly showed I was from another world. After all, I ended up in a table with six women immaturely giggling while discussing asses.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

That night, I returned to my room shortly after eating. I wanted to nap, so that I was awake for the nighttime activities, but I found myself unable to get any rest. My other option was to sneak over to Dawn’s room to play some video games and pass the time quicker. I was hesitant to do so, as I didn’t want to alert the other girls that I was spending any extra time with Dawn. Especially regarding Mackenzie, who was always nosy. I definitely didn’t want to alert her to what I was doing at night.

So, I remained in my room even though I was quickly growing bored. Just when I was planning to leave it to try to find something to entertain mysef, there was a quiet knock on my door. If it was mom, she would have already barged in, since I hadn’t locked it. That meant it was one of my sisters.

“Yes?” I called out softly.

“It’s Mackenzie. Can I come in?” Mackenzie was actually knocking on my door and acting polite.

“Come in…” I responded, sitting up in my bed.

The door opened, and Mackenzie peaked in, before finally entering the rest of the way. I tried to avoid staring, but she had already dressed down for the night. She had on a baggy shirt with a low neckline that showed her cleavage and even some of her bare pale shoulders. Her hair was tied up in the back and it had a somewhat messy look, but that wasn’t that unusual for the current Mackenzie.

She was clearly not wearing a bra, as her nipples poked right through the fabric of her thin shirt and could be seen. As for her lower half, she had on some tight and sexy shorts that really showed off her backside. I almost wondered if she was wearing them because I had mentioned she had a nice butt. They weren’t like the yoga pants the twins wore, or Bethany’s short hoochie shorts, but it had a less-was-more quality that made it hard not to look.

“Noah, I was hoping we could talk a bit, like we used to.”

“Used to?” I looked up at her, completely confused by her words.

“You remember how you used to sneak into my room at night when you had bad dreams and during thunderstorms, and I’d hold you while we talked…” She said, not meeting my eyes.

I legitimately had no clue what she was talking about. Then, I realized that this must have been something from the other Noah’s youth. In this world, Noah must have seen his big sister as comforting, and would come to her when he wanted to feel safe. Maybe that was why Mackenzie was always acting so protective of me. I was wondering what her deal was. She always pushed into my business and annoyed me, but this new Mackenzie seemed to really want to protect me from everything. It left me feeling awkward when I had to deal with her, even around my other sisters.

“Right, of course,” I responded, trying not to sound too uptight, “When was the last time we did that?”

“Oh… Jeese… it’s got to have been five years…” She responded.

“Right…” I nodded, smiling as if I had just remembered.

I couldn’t recall anything, so I was just fishing for information. It probably felt like one of those cold readers who pretended they were psychic. I had to just keep agreeing with her and then regurgitating back what she said. At least, that way, I could learn more about myself. That was the one thing I was lacking, and with school only two days away, it was a serious problem. I didn’t have an excellent sense on what the old Noah acted like. If I could learn anything from Mackenzie, it was probably worth listening.

“Noah, I wanted to talk about Abigail.”

“Really? Her again?” My eagerness diminished instantly; of all the things she could have come for, this was the thing I least wanted to hear about.

“Noah… I just need you to stay away from her, okay? Did she come over today?”

“What if she did?” I shot back.

I wasn’t in the mood to argue with her, but I was a little annoyed. Forget about protectiveness, Mackenzie always just butted into everyone else’s business.

“Noah…” She didn’t look angry, just worried.

It was an expression I wasn’t used to seeing on her face. If she wasn’t glaring at me angrily or with annoyance, then she wasn’t my big sister. Yet, her words were soft, and she was biting her lip while giving me a concerned look. It was enough that I couldn’t help meeting her eye.

“What?” I asked.

“Two years ago, Abigail was harassing a boy. He made it clear he wasn’t interested, but she wouldn’t take no for an answer. She started following him around. She would wait, parked in front of his house. She’d call him all the time. He started getting really scared, so he talked to me and my friends. Eventually, we had to scare Abigail to get her to leave him alone. Even then, it took calling the police and getting his whole family involved before she backed off.”

“And what does that have to do with me?” I demanded hesitantly.

“Look, I just don’t want you to get hurt, okay?” Mackenzie answered. “I’ve already heard rumors that you two are dating at school. Since you’re not at school, the only source of those rumors are her. I’m not sure if you’re dating her or not, but she’s telling people at school that you two are together. I just wanted you to know that.”

“…”

I really was flummoxed. It was only last night that we had any kind of relations. Today was the first day I had even considered her as something more. That meant, just from stopping over and helping me cook twice, she had already decided to start telling people we were dating. No, that’s not what Mackenzie said. The rumors could have come just from her offering to bring my homework to my house. There wasn’t necessarily anything nefarious about her actions. Then again, I was reminded that she all but skipped school just to buy me outfits and have me try them on. They were still in a bag under my bed.

In fact, taking all her actions the last few days, it did come off like a suitor trying to woo a girl. She showed up at my house and started buying me things. She happened to be friends with my big sister, when after her experience with Mackenzie, she should have been wary of Dawn. I really wasn’t sure how I felt about this revelation. I wasn’t scared or intimidated. After all, I was still a normal guy in my mind. If anything, her actions kind of felt cute. The fact she was actually interested in me genuinely made a part of me happy.

It wasn’t like I enjoyed abusive relationships, it was that no matter how I contextualized it, I couldn’t bring myself to see anything she did as a warning sign. I could see the signs had I been a normal woman being chased by a man, but I couldn’t see Abigail herself as threatening. My mind just didn’t work that way. It wasn’t like I wouldn’t be warier of Abigail in the future, but I wasn’t ready just to toss that relationship out either.

“Noah… you deserve better.” Mackenzie spoke after watching me think quietly for a few moments.

“Better?”

If any words set me off, it was words like that. After all, I had spent years in my room while no one cared much about me. Samantha just ghosted me. My sisters acted like I didn’t exist. I had been handed nothing in life. Yet, now that things changed, suddenly I deserved better now? Why? What had I done now that differed from before?

Mackenzie didn’t catch the scorn in my voice and nodded. “Yeah, you deserve to have someone-“

“Like you?” I broke into her words.

“Ah… what?”

I took a step forward, reaching out and grabbing her shirt, with my palms resting on the top of her breasts. If I had touched her like this before, I’d have been slapped into next week. This Mackenzie only looked startled and confused. That only irritated me a bit more.

“Why don’t you just admit it. You want me.” I said, pushing closer to her.

I knew I was lashing out at Mackenzie, but she was the one who was butting into my business. I couldn’t even say exactly what I was angry at. Was I angry that my sisters cared now? Or was I angry that they didn’t before? I still couldn’t even decide if this world was better or worse than the previous one. That made me angry as well. Most of all, I was angry at myself, although if I had to give a reason, I’d struggle to come up with one.

Mackenzie looked flustered at my words, but she didn’t pull away as I got closer to her. Rather, she lowered her head to me and pursed her lips like we were going to kiss. I couldn’t even believe it, but I didn’t go for her lips. Instead, I went past them and toward her ear.

“I’m not your boyfriend, Mackenzie.” I said simply.

She stiffened; her slightly opened mouth closed and she swallowed hard. “Noah… I’m not trying to…”

“Get out of my room.” I let go of her shirt.

“Noah, please just…”

“Get out!” I shouted loud enough that the entire house heard it.

Mackenzie shook for a second, and then nodded, her eyes turning slightly moist. “Fine… but don’t expect me to come save you.”

“No one asked for you to help.” I responded, turning my back to her.

I didn’t see the expression on her face, but a moment later she had turned away and left the room. The door was still open. I heard the door across from mine open for a bit, and then close, which was probably Kelsey or Kristy checking to see what happened. A little later, mom knocked on my door and asked if everything was okay. I told her the obligatory yes. I then shut my door and locked it so I wouldn’t be bugged by anyone else.

On the upside, I was no longer bored. I was too angry, and it took a good hour of pacing before I managed to calm myself down. That night, I slipped out of my room, but I didn’t see Dawn waiting anywhere. I tried to open her door, but it was locked. I was just thinking about what I was going to do when the door unlocked from the inside and opened a sliver, and I could see the frame of Dawn’s glasses reflecting light from her monitor screen in the room.

“I’m not feeling well, I won’t be able to come tonight.”

Recognizing the signs from countless days when she had slammed the door in my face, I shoved my foot forward. She predictably closed it, only to have it bounce off my shoe. I immediately pushed my way into her room and closed the door behind me.

“H-hey!” She protested in a hushed whisper as the both of us ended up alone in her room. “What’s the big idea? I’m sick!”

“You want me to go alone?” I demanded.

“It’s fine…” She looked away, “You know each other, after all.”

“I was doing it for you, you know?”

“Just… go… you can go play with your girlfriend. I won’t tell anyone.”

“I’m not going without you…”

She gave a grimace. “Don’t worry about me, okay? I don’t matter.”

“You matter to me.”

“Just get out…”

Somehow, only a little while after getting into it with Mackenzie, I was on the opposite side with Dawn. Now, she was mad at me, and kicking me out of her room. I didn’t know what to make of it. However, if I didn’t change something, I’d be in the same situation with her as I was with Mackenzie. Her hands were on my shoulders and she was trying to force me out of the room. I didn’t have any time to think. Remembering how Mackenzie had seemingly leaned in, as if expecting a kiss, the thought only naturally jumped into my mind at that moment.

I shoved myself forward, past her arms and kissed Dawn. As I did it, I tossed my arms around her and gripped her closely. Her mouth opened with a gasp, and I didn’t hesitate to send my tongue in. It was at this point her eyebrows shot up.

“Mmm!” She let out a surprised moan.

She tried to pull away, but I kept our lips locked, and the result was that we both ended up falling into her bed. It was harder to stop now that I was already going, and I found my hands starting to explore her body. My mind was numb and not thinking about anything, I ravished my older sister’s body!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If I had to explain why I was kissing Dawn, my biological sister, like I would a close lover, it’d be difficult to come up with the right words. Part of it just came from the stress that this world constantly put on me. This was just another outburst as I found myself once again in a world where I didn’t fit.

Another reason came with how much I saw myself in Dawn. This was something I never would have recognized before, but Dawn was likely suffering from depression. She didn’t think anyone cared about her, and she was quick to push people away because it was easier than getting hurt. That was why she had decided to cancel the plans on me. She had decided on her own that she was a third wheel, and so she wasn’t interested in tagging along while I ended up with other girls. It stemmed from her low self-confidence, although my own flippancy lately might have also led her to trying to push me away.

Her desire to be a videographer probably was true, but she probably had no personal interest in upshorts. Her current occupation selling shady erotic content was an outlet for her own struggles. It was something I understood all too well. I had also buried myself in porn to feel like I was desired. I’d jack off three times a day, not necessarily because I was bored, but because it was more satisfying than trying to grow real relationships. I hadn’t noticed that dependency until now.

I realized I hadn’t masturbated once since I had ended up in this world, and that likely was because there had been no need. I was emotionally and sexually satisfied. I knew I could have sex when I wanted. Those who looked down on those who masturbated were usually the same people that could have sex whenever they wanted and were having their sexual desires met, even if that was because their desires leaned on the vanilla side of things. That isn’t saying that people who are sexually fulfilled don’t masturbate. Rather, I mean that people who aren’t missing something don’t base their lives around it.

The kiss was a bit sloppy and rough. She didn’t taste sweet or fruity, but instead her breath had the taste of stale Cheetos. Her pink tongue didn’t hesitate to flood into my mouth, taking it roughly without care. After her brief resistance, she had completely given in, and kissed me as roughly as I kissed her. It was only after we held each other and kissed for a minute that her eyes snapped open and she pulled away again.

“Brother…” She panted, pushing me away with all her force.

I thought she was pushing me off of her, finally coming to her senses where I couldn’t, but perhaps that was too naïve of me. Dawn kept pushing and then spun me around and shoved me back down onto the bed. She jumped on top and grabbed my wrists, forcing them up over my head as she mounted me on top. Her thighs straddled me, and her nether regions were pressed up in the same area as mine. Her cheeks were red, and she was panting in an extremely lewd way as she peered down on me with lust in her eyes. It was incredibly hot, and my erection naturally formed. It grew up pressing against her nether regions.

She was wearing pajama pants made from a slick texture that rubbed up and down my pants easily. While still panting, she started moving her hips up and down. A wet spot had already formed and leaked through her panties and displayed on her pants. As she rubbed herself up the shaft of my cock through the pants, I could see a light wet streak forming on my pants.

Dawn started to gyrate her hips, more and more, rubbing her clothed parts against my own. The feeling of her soft body rubbing my own was extremely stimulating. Although I had already had sex a few times now, something about the raw need and desire from Dawn was considerably more erotic. She wasn’t just a horny girl who wanted sex. She was a someone who needed to feel loved.

She remained on top of me, rubbing her parts against mine. The only sound filling the room was our heavy breathing. She didn’t even kiss me again. Perhaps she was worried about her breath. Perhaps, she just didn’t want to bring romance or love into what she was doing with her brother, because what she was doing was using my hard cock like a toy, rubbing her snatch against it like a cat in heat.

The feeling of cloth rubbing on cloth was too much, and I started to let off little moans in between my deep breaths. The way Dawn was making me feel was hot and incredible. I didn’t even need to penetrate her, and I was feeling a level of pleasure that was quickly increasing. It wasn’t just increasing, but Dawn was gyrating her own hips faster and faster. She was rubbing her pussy against my rock-hard cock as hard as she could.

She bit her lip and started moaning as well, her body wildly humping mine. She was growing louder and more animated, her hips thrusting against me hard. I was starting to worry we might be heard. Even though it was through several sheets of material, I could feel the heat of pussy and could almost feel its wetness. Or, maybe, I was just releasing precum and was feeling my own. Either way, it only added to the eroticism.

She finally let go of my arms and grabbed my shirt, lifting it up. Suddenly, she was sucking on my nipple while she fingered the other one. Her loud moans were muffled against my chest, and whenever she felt pleasure, she seemed to suck my nipple harder.  I hadn’t expected this. It felt really strange, but also really good. With my hands free, I grabbed onto her braid with one hand, and my other hand dropped down and grabbed her gyrating ass. Squeezing it tightly, I pushed her groin against mine even harder, using my hand to help mash our parts together.

Dawn really liked this, and her attacks on my nipples grew frantic until she couldn’t manage it any longer. With her cheek on my chest, she let out wet, staggered moans. Then, she slammed her crotch against mine, and began to spasm. Her body shook as her breathing seemed to stop. She let out several chocking noises as she shook, and then finally brought out a gasp of air, collapsing on top of me. She was sweaty now, and Cheeto breath was dancing across my nose.

“Ahhh… haaah…. Haaah….” She panted, her chest pressed against my stomach and her head resting on my chest.

I could feel her glasses digging in to my sternum. They were completely fogged. She looked slightly drunk with pleasure and had stopped doing anything but clinging to me tightly. When she finally finished cumming, she looked up at me.

“D-did you finish?” She asked.

I thought about lying at first, but I didn’t want to leave my sister confused, especially about her first experience. I shook my head.

“No…”

A disappointed expression flashed across her face, making me regret not lying for a moment. Then that expression grew a bit bitter.

“I see… I’m sorry.”

I stroked her braid, “It’s fine… I’m really glad you got off.”

“No…” She said weakly, dropping her head on my chest again. “I’m the worst sister ever.”

“Hmm? Why do you say that?” I chuckled.

“I took advantage of my little brother. I can’t believe I just did that to you. I’m such a pervert.” I felt wet tears on my chest and was shocked to realize she was actually crying.

“Ah! Dawn, it’s okay! I mean, I kissed you first!”

“Yeah… just a kiss! And then I humped my little brother like an animal! I’m just awful!” She cried. “I’m sorry, brother. I didn’t mean to. I came all over you… oh, god. I’m scum!”

Even Dawn’s tearful, panicked expression felt extremely cute. It was a lot different from the other girls I had been with. Her actions felt warm. She was genuinely worried about me. Even though I had wanted this… no, actually, I wanted to go all the way, this wasn’t far enough!

“Please… brother… can you forgive your perverted sister? Don’t tell anyone… especially Mackenzie… oh god, what have we done!”

She started trying to pull off of me, and I grabbed her and pulled her back on.

“B-brother, what are you doing?”

“I love you.” I said.

“Y-yeah…” She looked away.

“Say it…” I started feeling slightly mischievous.

“S-say what?”

“How do you feel about me?”

“D-don’t you already know?” Dawn said, trying to avoid my eyes.

“No, maybe, I’m just a piece of meat to you!” I shot back.

“N-no! You’re not!” She grabbed my hands and suddenly gave me a serious look.

“Then say it.”

“I… c-can’t.” She brought her eyes down again.

“Why?”

“Because…” She bit her lip, “I mean… if I say it… then it becomes too real. I won’t be able to stop. I don’t want the relationship we have to become weird.”

“Isn’t the relationship we have already weird?”

“Th-that! Even so… If I say I love you, then I don’t think I can stop. I’m not someone like Kelsey who can act so casually. If I give my heart to someone, it’s for good. So, I can’t say it.”

“Didn’t you just say it?” I asked, grinning.

She thought for a second. “Ah! But…”

“Say it again…”

“Brother…”

“Dawn, I’m your brother. That is forever. Whatever happens in the future, that bond between us will never change. Even if I date Abigail, or sleep with Samantha, or any of that, you will still be my sister, and the love I have for you will never waiver.”

“Sleep with!”

“Don’t get jealous now! I already said I like girls. You’ve already seen me with Abigail.”

“R-right…” Dawn sighed and closed her eyes. “Just what have I gotten myself into… alright, I admit it, I’m in love with my brother.”

“Good!” I nodded, grinning. “Then, let’s have sex.”

“S-sex!”

“Yeah, we’ve gone this far.”

“I’m your sister! I can’t… we can’t…”

“What did you think we just did? Don’t you need to take responsibility for this?” I moved my hips, pressing my still erect penis against her wet cunt.

She let out an erotic breath with her eyes closed before shaking her head and regaining her senses, “That’s just… I mean… no penetration!”

“You don’t want to do anything?” I asked, looking up at her in a way I hoped looked shy.

“It’s not that! Rather, I can’t go too far! What if I ended up making you a baby! We can do anything but sex!”

“So, you want to suck my dick?”

“Ah! That… I mean… I guess that’s an acceptable thing for a sister to do for her brother.”

“In 69?”

“Ah! You… really are my perverted brother… that… you don’t have to. I already came, so it’s wet and gross down there. I’ll finish you off. You don’t have to worry about me.”

I put my hands-on Dawn’s shoulders while giving her a big smile, causing her to blink in confusion. “I insist.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"O-okay…” Dawn had unexpectedly agreed to my request.

I had only seen this sex position and had never experienced it for myself. I had actually been half joking, thinking that Dawn would inevitably reject it. However, she nodded her head with a blush. Then she went and turned the light in the room down. I didn’t understand what she was doing until I realized she didn’t want to be seen in the full light. She had a small lamp on her nightstand, which was now the only illumination.

She went to grab her pajama pants, but then blushed and looked awkwardly. “Don’t watch.”

“What? But I’m going to see…”

“J-just do what your big sister tells you. Close your eyes.”

My lips twisted, but I did as she said. A moment later, I felt the press of a knee near the side of my head. I then felt my sister’s weight as she got on top of me. She wasn’t that heavy, and her body on top of me felt fine. I finally opened my eyes. I could see her pussy just a half foot in front of my eyes. She was still wearing her top, but she had taken off her bottoms and underwear. I didn’t get what she was being so nervous about. The view here was extremely erotic. She had a really nice ass, not to mention her pussy.

Compared to the stale Cheeto breath my sister had right now, her pussy was actually a much more pleasing fragrance. It was wet, lewd, and just a bit wild. Her thighs were wet from cumming earlier, and they pressed against my ears. A warmth emanated thickly from her sex, warming my cheeks and giving me a strange sense of comfort. Her pussy was a little pink slit, with hair all around it.

She wasn’t shaved, an au natural girl, although that was probably because she didn’t expect a boy to give her a need to shave. That said, it wasn’t bad. She was just a teen girl, and her hair was thin and stringy, and just above and on the sides. Her vagina stood out the most, and they only seemed to outline the erogenous zone.

I had considered complimenting her parts, but I thought that might have an unintended side effect I couldn’t predict. So, I decided to keep my mouth closed instead. I chose to check out my sister in silence while she finished orientating herself on top of me. While I admired her parts, she had unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock. I could feel her hands on it, but without being able to see what she was doing, the feel of her slightly cold hand fiddling with it was all I could make out. However, the rich smell, the feel of her body against mine, and general situation guaranteed that I wouldn’t lose my erection no matter what.

I decided to dive right in. With my arms out in front of her knees, I reached around and grabbed her backside once again. I then pushed it down, while lifting my face. I didn’t do anything strategic. I didn’t search for her clitoris, or g-spot, or anything like that. Instead, I just buried my face in her pussy, rubbing it on me lewdly. I could see her stomach spasm at the touch, and I heard stuttered gasps that told me she liked it. Her hairy parts were scratchy, and her bare parts were wet.

While pushing my face against her snatch so hard that my nose was practically in her asshole, I began to tongue her hole, tasting the salty, sweet taste of her cunt.

“Brother…” Her hands had stopped going up and down on my shaft.

However, a second later, my cock was engulfed by her mouth. I could only let out a gasp. Her hands had been cold, but her mouth was definitely warm. The shock of my cock plunging into a warm, wet abyss was incredible. I moaned, practically humming into her snatch, which caused her to shake at the same time.

I had never done this kind of thing before, but it was a lot more intensive than I had imagined. If I tried to focus on my pleasure, I stopped eating her out, and if I focused on pleasuring her, I didn’t receive as much pleasure of my own. However, it was more than that too because she would grow just as distracted as I did. When I was giving it to her good, she’d stop sucking and even pull away to gasp for breath. It was a position where I had to balance my own pleasure with Dawn’s pleasure.

While I started to get the hang of it, I thought Dawn was having a more difficult time. She’d keep stopping, letting out moans while she just held my cock in her hand and her pelvis would start to rock against my face. After thirty seconds of doing nothing, she’d realize she wasn’t doing her part again and then start stroking my cock superfast as if to make up for the lack of stimulation for the last minute. Then, she would suck it once again, only to repeat the process again a minute later.

It suited me well enough, because if she sucked me off constantly, I would have blown my load into her mouth already. I was determined to bring my sister to another climax before I reached my limit. Thus, I started to concentrate more on her clit, sucking it and spiraling my tongue around in circles. It seemed to do the trick, and Dawn was back to moaning to herself.

However, she really needed to be quiet. Although we had locked the door, if she made enough noise, someone would definitely be knocking at her door. At that point, I’d have no way to get out of the room without someone finding out what we did. If any of my other sisters knew that Dawn and I had gone this far, I don’t know what I would do. It would certainly destroy the dynamic in the house that has slowly been building since everything changed.

“Hah… Hah… ahh…ahh… shit!” Dawn moaned.

I wanted to tell her to shush it and cover her mouth, but my current position kept me from doing anything. That was when Dawn suddenly pulled away from my cock completely. I realized she had sat up and was now sitting vertically on my face. However, she didn’t pull away. Rather, she pushed her groin down hard against my face until I was shoved into the bed. Then she started gyrating her hips again.

It was just like when she had been riding my groin, except now she was on my face. I tried to lick and suck, but she was rocking her hips too fast for me to do much. Instead, I could only lie back as her wet slit slid up and down my face and tongue. My nose ended up as much of a sex object as anything. I couldn’t even believe it. As she continued to smother me, I realized I was lacking oxygen. However, she was growing more and more frantic, humping my face with all of her strength.

She had seemingly completely forgotten about the sixty-nine, and surrendered to her own lust, riding me for all she was worth. It was really hot, but it was also kind of scary. For a bit, I was seriously worried that I’d pass out from oxygen deprivation. What kind of gravestone would that make, ‘died between his sister’s thighs’?

I had slapped her thigh and butt with my free hand, but she didn’t take that as a gesture to stop, but as encouragement. She was riding my face like a horse, and I was slapping her ass for her to giddy on up. Just when I feared it’d go too far, I decided to grab her hips tightly and try to dominate my out-of-control big sister. I physically held her hips to keep her from rocking, and with my last breath, I put her clit in my mouth and I sucked it hard.

“Yes… yes! Yes! Right there!” She moaned.

Her entire body convulsed on top of me, and I felt liquid shoot out onto my face. Where last time, she had just wet my crotch, now my sister had squirted all over my face. The taste of it wasn’t bad, although I didn’t guzzle it down or anything. I just took a small bath in it while I pleasured her aggressively.

When she finally finished, I let out a gasp of breath as she lifted up a leg and fresh air entered. Hearing that, she jumped off my face. A few moments later, she was lying with her head down, in a dogeza position, begging for forgiveness.

“I’m the worst!” She cried out.

“Sister…” I couldn’t help but chuckle.

“I did it again… I’m horrible. I’m despicable. I even used your face like a sex toy! I’m sorry you have such a despicable and unreasonable sister!”

“Dawn, it’s fine.”

“I-it’s not! You’re still hard, and I didn’t even take care of that while I came twice! How can I even call myself a woman if I can’t make my brother cum!”

“Actually, most women probably shouldn’t be proud of making their brothers… ah, whatever…”

“I’ll suck brother’s cock! Okay… I’ll definitely finish you off properly! I don’t mind! I’m not one of those girls who won’t do it!”

“Well, obviously…” I chuckled.

Dawn wasn’t in a humorous mood though. She grabbed my hands, looking up at me tearfully.

“Please, one last chance! I’ll definitely satisfy you!”

“Ah… I guess… if you insist.”

And so, in the end, I lay back in her bed for round three, and she sucked my cock until completion. She ended up fingering herself during it and came from a third time just as my own cum shot down the back of her throat. My sister swallowed every last drop like a pro. She was better at it than Abigail, although maybe it was because she was desperate to please me.

“Mmmm… it’s really salty.” She said after swallowing all of it.

“R-really?”

She nodded. “It’s like… almonds and cherries. I really love the taste.”

She lifted up my softening cock still in her hands. Even though I came, she was still down there, a perverted look on her face. I realized that just as I had played with and admired her parts, she was doing the same to me.

She lifted up my ball sack and then sniffed it. I was horrified and couldn’t stop a blush from forming on my cheeks.

“Don’t sm-” I just realized I was about to say a cliched line and shut my mouth.

Just then, she bit my balls. It wasn’t hard, it was just a nip, but I hadn’t been expecting it.

“Ahhh! What is that?”

“You don’t like it?” she blinked in surprise.

“I don’t!”

“But… playgirl says that guys liked it when…”

“Don’t read that garbage!”

She blinked, and then giggled, coming up and getting on top of me again, then bending over and kissing me. “You’re so adorable. I really want to fuck you.”

“Now? But we already did all that!”

“Hehe… what can I say, I’m a girl, you know all girls can think about is sex. And when I have a brother as sexy as you, I can’t help but want to play with you. Don’t worry, I won’t do it. This is as far as we can go.” She went to grab me, her eyes flashing with lewdness when an alarm suddenly went off on her computer.

“Uh huh… sure…” I replied, shaking my head.

She ignored me and looked up at her monitor and then winced. “That’s… saying we’re supposed to go see her .”  She emphasized ‘her’, and it was clear she was talking about Abigail.

“I’ll just cancel. It’s fine.”

“R-really, you don’t have to.” Dawn looked down. “I’ve already been selfish to go this far with you. I don’t want to ruin your relationship with your girlfriend too.”

“It’s fine.” I shrugged, pulling out my cellphone. “I’ll just say we have to reschedule. Abigail stopped by earlier, so I can’t imagine it’ll be that big of a deal.”

“She did?” Dawn frowned. “I mean…”

“You’re cute when you’re jealous.” I chuckled, clicking send on my message. “Come here and show me some more sisterly love.”

“Gladly!”

The pair of us played the rest of the night together, although it mostly accounted to light petting and kissing. She was steadfast on the no penetration rule, so I had to bear with it. I finally slipped away carefully after Dawn made sure no one was watching. Then, deep into the night, I fell asleep, forgetting all about the supposed sex shoot. Abigail didn’t send any message in response, but that was probably fine.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Noah,” London said, a stern look on her face.

“London,” I responded back, keeping my expression straight.

“When a woman loves a man very much, the pair of them get these… urges.”

“Are we really starting there?”

“Where do you want me to start!” London sighed. “Mom just suddenly called me and said I needed to give you the sex talk. I’m ten years too young to be worrying about this kind of thing.”

“You’re really thinking about having kids with Dan?”

“Look, I understand that you two don’t like each other.”

“Dan doesn’t like me?”

“Ah!” She froze for a second.

“I’m kidding, he’s not exactly subtle about it.”

“It’s not unusual for boys to hate each other, especially where a girl is involved.” London said, scratching her cheek awkwardly.

“Dan’s a cheating jerk.”

“Noah, I know you don’t like him. You’re not that subtle either.” She sighed. “However, I love him.”

I really wanted to just tell London that he was cheating on her. I wanted to tell her what I saw, minus the part where I banged her for him. However, I had concerns. If I said anything, London would definitely confront him, but then that would open her to being emotionally manipulated by him. At worst, he’d somehow convince London it was her fault, and somehow bring their relationship closer together. At best, he’d throw shade at me, convincing London I was a liar, and causing our relationship to fall apart.

At that moment, the pair of us were sitting on my bed. London had come over as promised and was now being forced to talk to me about sex. Of course, mom didn’t know that London and I had already been in a few situations the last few days that made this whole thing awkward. It was a bit difficult to tell someone about the birds and the bees after you stroked them off through their pants and even kissed passionately a few times. At least with kissing, she might convince herself it wasn’t as romantic in hindsight, but definitely the stroking would be impossible to excuse.

Instead, the best thing I could do was keep myself on London’s brain. Like when she was checking up on me because she thought I had a concussion and was crazy, I’d make her obsess about me a little. It was the best way to drive a wedge between her and her current boyfriend. Okay, maybe that was emotionally manipulative too, but this was someone who I cared about, so I did it not just to satisfy myself.

“I had sex recently.”

“Noah!” She broke into a coughing fit even though she hadn’t even been sipping anything. “Wh-what are you saying?”

“I think I’m a Nymphomaniac.” I said.

“What?” London sat up. “Th-that’s impossible. Wh-what are you saying?”

“I think about sex all the time. I’m always horny. I even want to have sex with you right now.”

“Me!” London’s mouth fell open.

“I want to push you down and have your body.” I nodded seriously. “I don’t even care that we’re related. No, actually, because we’re related, it’s more exciting!”

Silence permeated the room. London stared at me. I stared at London.

She suddenly made a face. “You’re teasing me!”

“Is that what you think?” I smirked.

“Noah, you shouldn’t say things like that.”

I leaned back with a sigh. I hadn’t said anything that wasn’t a bit true. I mean, I wouldn’t call myself a nymphomaniac. However, I was a teenage boy. That should be enough said, but apparently not in this world. I always heard that girls were just as horny as guys, but they were just better at hiding it. In this world, they were definitely horny, but they couldn’t hide a thing.

“Why not?”

“You know why, because some girls will take advantage of you.”

I shrugged. “That doesn’t help how I feel.”

London’s head lowered for a moment, and then she looked back up, but her previous flustered appearance had been replaced by a far more serious one. “Are you seriously going to stick to this story?”

“It’s the truth.” I responded defiantly, not allowing her sudden change of attitude to unhinge me.

“I see…” Her expression looked slightly downcast.

With a sigh, she stood up and walked over to the door, locking it. She then reached down and started unbuttoning her shirt. She was half way up, her belly button already exposed, when I finally was able to react.

“Wh-what are you doing?”

She ignored me, continuing to unbutton her shirt and then pulled it off. She was now standing in my room with her shirt off, wearing a bra and slacks. Her breasts were a bit on the large size. She wasn’t a fit woman, but she wasn’t fat either. It could be said that she had it in all the right places. It would be too much to say she was a supermodel-like beauty, but she was definitely a beautiful woman one couldn’t help but appreciate.

I knew that being shirtless for women in this world wasn’t much stranger than being shirtless for men in my previous world. In fact, I’d love to go to a beach one of these days and enjoy all the topless girls. Swimming class at school will take on a whole different meaning. Regrettably, I wasn’t in gym this quarter. As for London, I had to keep myself from getting excited. After all, showing her chest to me wasn’t anything major for her.

A moment later, her bra came off, and as much as I tried to tell myself it was nothing, I could stop myself from admiring her nice chest. Even Dawn had remained mostly clothed when we had done stuff. Mom and shown her chest to me, and I had seen glimpses of some of my other sisters when they weren’t paying attention, but this felt different. Maybe it was the serious expression on her face, or the intentional way she did it, but I felt considerably more aroused.

“London…” I spoke again, my voice sounding somewhat hoarse.

The atmosphere was just really strange. It was playful only a minute ago, but the serious look on her face wasn’t disappearing now. It put an edge into the air and made me a bit hesitant. When she started undoing her belt, that was when I finally realized that I wasn’t misunderstanding anything a single bit.

“Hey, don’t you have a boyfriend?” I asked, slightly panicked.

It was a strange thing to say, because I was aiming to drive a wedge between her and her boyfriend. If we became intimate, wouldn’t that help me achieve my goal? Perhaps it was because she was acting so strange and uncharacteristic that it was starting to worry me.

London snorted. “Why does that matter? Are you going to tell anyone about us?”

“Us?” I blinked, still trying to figure out what London was doing.

She walked over and grabbed my wrists, not unlike Dawn had done the previous night. “You said you wanted it, even with a half-sister, so I’m going to give it to you.”

“Y-you’re joking?” I responded in disbelief.

My heart was beating fast, and it wasn’t so much that I disliked this sudden change in direction, it was more like I was wary of it. It was kind of like when your girlfriend was angry at you, but she insisted she wasn’t. I could feel that London was angry, yet she was grabbing my arms tightly, her bare chest just a few inches from my face. If I lowered my head, I’d be pressed into those things. Part of me was afraid how far she’d take this, and part of me was afraid how hard I’d go.

Admittedly, I had done things with Dawn the previous night. However, she was nervous and unsure about her sexuality. She didn’t see herself as the beauty I knew her to be. She wouldn’t even show her naked body to me the entire night, and everything we did was done mutually to satisfy our curiosity and need for companionship, There were clear lines between a brother and a sister, and she wouldn’t cross them. The lines with London and I weren’t so clear. I knew without a doubt she was only a half-sister, and we didn’t grow up together closely like I did with Dawn.

“Do I look like I’m joking?” She asked sternly. “I was told to give you an education on the mechanics of sex. Since my little brother thinks himself a slut, then what else should I do but to give you a personal lesson!”

She reached out and grabbed my shirt, yanking it off roughly. I didn’t fight her. I was actually a bit too stunned. Soon, my chest was just as bare as hers. Although, in this world, roles being reversed, it’d be like a brother suddenly pulling off his sister’s shirt. I didn’t feel any embarrassment, but my confusion was increasing with every second.

When my shirt hit the bed, she looked down at my chest. This was the first time her serious expression twisted for a moment. There was a gleam of want and desire as she looked at me. It’d be like if a guy saw the chest of some a woman he liked. It was just a flash of perversion, but it was there. This told me that she was seriously planning to go the whole way. I didn’t know what had gotten into her, but I kind of liked it!

She got on top of me, pushing me down as her knees straddled me. After Dawn, I was starting to get the sense that this was this world’s missionary. The girl straddled a guy while holding his arms and kissing his neck and chest. She did most of the work while he basically just lay there and took it. She leaned down until her lips were a few inches from mine and her large chest pressed against mine naked. My cock was raging hard now, and all the alarms that had made me cautious were collapsing at an extreme rate.

She removed her hands from wrists and grabbed my hair, a chunk in each hand. “I’m going to fuck you hard. Let’s make you a man.”

“Oh…” My eyes widened, and then an excited expression grew on my face. “Hell yeah!”

“Huh?”

I pulled forward and took her lips, my tongue entering her mouth. Every last piece of warning that told me this was wrong had exploded away with those naughty words. London’s eyes had suddenly widened, but I barely noticed as I grabbed her and rolled over. She let out a cry, but it was muffled in my mouth. I ended up on top, grabbing her chest and tasting her sweet breath. Unlike Dawn, her breath was rather sweet. It tasted like mints and coffee, and she had a floral scene from whatever soap she used.

I pulled away and grabbed her pants, pulling them down to her knees. With her mouth free, she let out a cry, reaching down and trying to grab her pants away from me. In my mind, she wanted to be in control, and I was taking it away from her. However, I was way past caring. After the signals London had given me, I’d be stupid to hesitate now.

“Wait! Wait… stop!” She cried out helplessly as I managed to get her pants off and toss them away.

I pulled out my cock, and as soon as she saw it, she let out a gasp. I was already between her legs, and I was too horny to even think straight, so I lined it up between her legs. I could feel the wet entrance on the tip of my head. With a push, I was finally going to have London. She reached down and grabbed my cock, squeezing it with her long fingers. I thought she was going to stick it in, but she suddenly sat up and shoved me over. When I went to kiss her again, her hand slapped my face.

“Ah!” As I grabbed my face, my mind finally seemed to snap back to reality. “Wh-what was that for?”

My movements froze as I finally got a look at London. London’s stern look had disappeared. Rather, she looked extremely flustered, embarrassed, and shocked.

“You… you…” She said. “Why did you do that?”

“Y-you said you wanted to fuck!”

“I was trying to scare you!”

“What?

“You were supposed to get scared and start crying! And then I’d prove to you you’re not a… oh god, what are we doing!?” London’s eyes opened as she gave me a fearful expression.

We were on my bed, naked, my cock in her hand, our bodies pressed against each other. It seemed like she only just realized how far things had gotten. In her mind, I guess it was just a prank that went too far. She thought I’d panic under her domineering side. Had I been a normal man from this world, I might have, but I happened to find a woman coming on to me aggressively as extremely arousing, so it had the opposite effect.

“H-how was I supposed to know that? You were acting so serious!” I responded.

“I was trying to be scary!” She shook. “Oh, god, we almost… with my brother, I’m a shit sister. How did this go so wrong!”

She looked like she was about to start hyperventilating. I reached out toward her. She winced for a second, but didn’t reject me as I hugged her. Once against, our bodies intertwined, although she was stiff and unmoving.

“Sister… I don’t think you’re bad. Rather, I love you, and I don’t want you to feel bad about this.”

“Noah… why did I end up with such a cunttease brother.” She breathed. “Damn it, I have a boyfriend. If anyone catches us like this, we’re both screwed.”

I pushed my hips forward, striking the area between her legs with the head of my cock, “You can still teach me about all the mechanics of sex.”

Her face flushed, and she didn’t look away or reject anything from what I said. Her hand started to stroke it slowly, although it was unclear whether she was doing it unconsciously or on purpose. Our lips started drifting slowly together. It looked like London couldn’t hold back any more than I could.

“Hey, Noah! London! Did I hear a scream?” There was a sudden thudding on the door, followed by the locked doorknob being jiggled. “Why’s the door locked?”

London pulled away from me, her face turning white as the worse possibility became a reality. It was mom who was right outside the door, and she was trying to get in!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hey, why is the door locked?” Mom’s voice started to grow suspicious. “Is London still in there with you?”

The pair of us were panicking now. We were in a compromising situation. In fact, you could say we were in the worst situation we could be in, and mom was right outside.

“N-no, mom!” I yelled, trying to buy some time. “She must have left!”

I let out a breath while London frantically looked around the room wide-eyed. My closet was too full to dive inside. My bed had drawers under it, and so there was nowhere to slide under. I didn’t even have a window that she could jump out of. My only shot was to send mother on her way. My room wasn’t so big and roomy that she could just hide. My door simply being open would reveal the entire room, and if I tried to only leave a crack, she’d definitely grow suspicious.

“Noah… open the door now.” Her voice suddenly turned slightly threatening, and London’s face went white.

She had pulled up her pants and was frantically looking for her blouse. I hadn’t even gotten my clothing back on, but it wouldn’t have mattered if I had.  Her hair was a disheveled and her makeup with was a mess. Even if we were both dressed, the door was locked and it looked like we had been doing something.

“I can’t!” I yelled.

“Noah! Open it this instant!” She banged on the door. “What is going on?”

“Stop! Nothing!” There was another loud bang.

“This is the last time! Open up or I’m kicking down the door!”

London shook her head, out of ideas. I bit my lip, shook my head, and let out an irritated growl. Grabbing a blanket, I shoved London to the floor and tossed it all on top of her. Then, I jumped on my bed. I looked back, grabbed one of the romance books the old me had, flipped it open, and then grabbed my cock.

Bang! Mother didn’t wait before kicking the door open. I couldn’t have imagined her doing that In the old world, but this woman was much more aggressive than the mother I remembered. She barreled into the room, a furious look on her face.

“Now, what are you do-” She started to bellow, and then her eyes fell on me. I was on my knees, naked, with my cock in my hands.

I let out an earpiercing shriek. Had mom been looking at the floor next to my bed, at a certain pile of blankets, she would have noticed it jump at that scream. I wanted to kick London for showing her position, but it was fine. How could mom’s eyes be focused on anything but me?

“P-p-p-pervert!” I shouted, covering my chest, and unsuccessfully hiding my cock as I dropped the book. “I said I was busy!”

“Uh… Uh… ahhh…” Mom’s mouth flopped open and closed like a fish, her eyes staring right at my chest, not my eyes like a deer.

No wonder women called their breasts headlights, if guys ever looked at them like that. However, mother didn’t stop there. Her eyes slowly wondered down until she was staring at that. My face grew red, and it wasn’t an act at that point. Mother was lewdly checking me out. Furthermore, I heard the door open across the hall. The twins were coming to investigate and were just about to peer into the room as well. The more eyes, the more likely things would be seen.

“Get out!” I shouted, jumping off the bed and running at mom while trying to keep myself covered.

“What’s going on?” Kelsey asked.

“Ah! Brother is naked!” Kristy cried out.

“I want to see!”

“Pigs!” I shouted, shoving mom out and slamming the door.

She had broken the latch, so it didn’t close properly. I had to grab a chair from my desk and corner it under the knob to get the door to remain closed. When that was done, I leaned to against the door, letting out a breath.

“S-s-sorry honey…” I heard the weak voice of my mother from the other side, followed by snickering from the twins.

Her steps started walking away, and I let out a breath of relief. It was the only idea I could come up with on short notice. If I distracted mom by making her think she had caught me masturbating, then she wouldn’t notice the person lying at the side of my bed. It had actually worked a bit better than I had expected, however, I still felt horrified. Exposing myself to mother intentionally was more traumatic than I thought. I had just wanted to say I was a guy and it didn’t matter, but it was still a bit much even for me.

As I looked over at the sheets, London still under them, I let out a laugh. It was laughter or relief. It was the same kind of laugh someone gave when they had just dodged a bullet. I walked over to London’s form and then pulled off the blanket. She was looking up at me, her face red, and her eyes down.

“Noah… you saved me.” She said in a light whisper, an embarrassed expression on her face.

“I did.” I nodded, “So, you definitely owe me now.”

“Right…” She closed her eyes and let out a shuddering breath. “I suppose you want a car?”

“What?” I blinked.

“I can buy a car for you,” She sighed. “But it can’t be something really expensive. It definitely has to be affordable. Medical school is costly.”

“You think I want a car?”

“You don’t?”

I mean, I kind of did? However, I would feel absolutely miserable blackmailing my sister out of a car. She wasn’t that rich. She might be a doctor one day, but she had a while before she reached that point.

“I meant… just… sex… like… oral… or something?” I responded awkwardly.

It wasn’t what it looked like! I wasn’t trying to blackmail my sister into sex! I thought after everything, she’d still be in the mood, so when I talked about owing, I naturally was being a bit teasing, thinking it might lead to where we left off. She ended up taking it serious, and started talking numbers, and suddenly my attempt to flirt with her felt really strange.

“Huh? You want to eat my pussy?” She asked.

I narrowed my eyes and shot her a glare. “Eat your pussy? I meant you should suck my dick!”

It wasn’t that I wouldn’t eat her pussy. I just felt it kind of silly that I mention oral and she jumped to her own satisfaction over mine. As far as oral, I had already done it with Dawn. It caused me to grow a bit curious about trying others. I wanted to see how London compared. She was older and had more experience. She also had nice lips that were fuller than my other sisters. She probably got that from her dad.

“I mean, it’s just weird to have you ask me like that. It’s not like I don’t mind sucking a guy’s dick, but you’re my brother.”

“Haven’t we already gone that far?”

“Yeah… but it’s not the same thing. I mean… ahhh… I don’t know what I mean! Fine! If you want a blowjob, fine. However, you can’t tell anyone, unless you want your sister to go to jail!”

“Deal!”

“Okay… well, come on.” She pulled her hair back and tied it up and then gestured with her hands. “Just stay quiet. We don’t want anyone else to hear.”

She was on her knees already, and my cock was already out, so it only took a step forward. I realized London was treating the experience very mechanically. She was an up-and-coming doctor, so handling people’s parts probably fit in with her job description. When we were kissing and she was touching me, she couldn’t separate her feelings from the actions. Now that it came to sucking me off, she was treating it like a doctor giving a prostate check, or some other act.

That wasn’t to say she looked disgusted. She grabbed my cock assertively and then licked the head. However, her eyes didn’t hold any sort of excitement or horniness either. It was a procedure that would help extract my cum.

“Ahhh… shit…”

She sucked on the head with her lips. It turned out she was really good at the procedure. With one hand cupping my balls, her lips danced up and down my cock. It really did feel like a procedure. Lick the head, rub her lips along the shaft, kiss the base, lick back up the shaft to the head, suck on the head, repeat. Dawn just shoved it in her mouth and sucked until I came. Samantha’s mom had been animated, but her actions had been simple.

London didn’t work this way. She moved like she was performing a set of techniques. She never remained on one technique for too long, constantly changing it up. The constant change kept things interesting, but it kept me from growing too excited. As soon as she did something that started to cause my toes to curl, she would switch to something else.

I ended up lasting much longer. Where I could get hoovered and sucked off in 5 minutes, London toyed with my cock with precision for nearly fifteen minutes.

Each step along the way, I grew more and more aroused. It started getting to the point where I was biting my hand so I wasn’t heard outside the room. I always figured that cumming was basically as far as a guy could get, but my sister was seriously driving me crazy. Just when I felt like I would lose it, she’d abandon that part and attack another. My legs were weak, and all of my focus was on her.

That’s how I noticed something else. As London worked, she could no longer keep up her clinical separation. Whether it was the sight, the feel, the smell, the sounds, or the taste, all of it was causing my sister to lose her composure. Her detached eyes now had a lewd glint, and she was even letting out little excited moans and gasps as she gobbled my cock more aggressively.

However, I couldn’t be teased indefinitely, and I reached a pinnacle where I just wouldn’t stand it anymore. I grabbed her head just as she put the head back to her lips, planning to tease it with her tongue for a bit. Instead, I shoved my cock down her throat.

“Mmmmphhhh!” She let out a muffled cry as the head of my cock slammed into the back of her throat.

The feeling of my entire cock being submerged in her warm mouth was almost too much. She started pulling back, and at first, I let her. Her eyes showed relief as her lips slid down my cock back to the head. However, just when it was about to fall from her mouth, I used force and plunged my cock back in again. She let out another cry, this time trying to push against my hips more forcefully. However, she had already teased me more than I could handle, so I started to thrust into her, fucking my sister’s face roughly.

The feeling was amazing, and even though I could hear London gagging every time I shoved it in deep. I couldn’t stop the amazing feeling. Unfortunately, I didn’t have the endurance at this point, and she had already brought me to the tipping point too many times. After only a dozen strokes, I shoved it in for a final time before my cock swelled. I started cumming, hot bursts shooting deep down my sister’s throat. She didn’t know what to do first, two gobs getting coughed up and shooting out her mouth, dribbling down her tongue and some even coming out her nose.

However, it was her fault I was cumming so much, so I expected her to take responsibility. She got the message after the third shot and began to swallow with noisy gulping sounds. My knees shook as I came as much as I had ever cum down my older sister’s throat. With her head in my hands, she couldn’t pull away or move. She could only swallow it all down.

When I finished, I fell to the side and collapsed on my bed. I heard London let out a gasp. I looked down to see her makeup ruined now. She had tears down her cheeks. Her mascara had run. Her hair was even more of a mess. Her lipstick was smudged. She even gagged for a second like she was going to throw up before swallowing. Seeing the state, I had put her in, suddenly I felt really guilty. I went too far. I couldn’t even blame her for this. Yeah, she gave me a teasing BJ, but that didn’t mean I had to fight to fuck her face like that.

“That…” London said through clenched teeth, while still gasping for breath.

I winced, feeling scared that I had destroyed all the good will I had developed with her.

“London… I…” I tried to say an apology, but nothing felt adequate.

“That…. was awesome!” She said, looking up at me with a big grin on her face.

“Huh?”

“Brother, that was so hot! And you even came! What you did in the end there… damn… that worked me up!” She reached up and grabbed me.

Before I could stop her, she was kissing my lips. She had cum dribbling on her chin and nose. It was pretty gross. Thankfully, it was just a kiss without tongue and she pulled away, flopping down next to me. As I wiped my mouth in disgust, she let out a giggle, grabbing me and pulling me close.

“I love you, brother.”

“Ah… I love you too…”

I didn’t know what I did, but I guess, as long as she’s happy, it’s all good.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Finally sneaking London out of my room took a bit more effort. Thankfully, after the embarrassing scene made earlier, Mother just ordered pizza and didn’t try to bother me. Furthermore, no one asked why I didn’t leave the room for the rest of the night. London ended up spending most of the time she was trapped in my room texting. She told mom she had already left the house and that she must have missed her. She told her boyfriend that she had been called into the hospital and would be busy.

I wanted to play more with London, but she grew fearful that someone outside would hear, and finally put her foot down. I might have been able to beg her, but I decided I had already extorted enough from her. I was still a little scared that I had pushed things too far with her and was afraid of ruining it. She was content with everything at the moment, and I had succeeded in my own goals. There was definitely a wrench thrown in between the relationship of London and Dan.

That wasn’t to say that London and I didn’t talk at all. She told me that Dan had never cum like that for her. She’d given him oral sex, but he usually didn’t finish. This was a concept I couldn’t even fathom. I supposed even for guys, reaching climax required a certain state of mind. I felt bad that London didn’t cum as well. She guiltily told me she did “cum a little”. I hadn’t noticed, but she had been touching herself with her other hand while she was sucking me off, and that was enough that she came.

Having such a perverted conversation with my sister was odd, but she was very forthright with it. After all, she was a doctor in training and she had experience with sex. Technically, she was supposed to give me the sex talk, so this would have to qualify. In a way, she had done exactly as Mother had wanted. Although, if Mother knew what had happened in here, she definitely would have kicked London’s ass.

That night, I finally slipped out of my room and checked the way before letting London leave. In a house with five other sisters and a Mother, it should be impossible to find a time when I could sneak her out. However, the nice thing about a crowded house was that it made privacy more precious. The girls hid in their rooms the vast majority of the time, the only place they could be alone. Kelsey typically stayed out of the house whenever possible while Kristy watched television all day. Dawn was always a room addict, but even Mom wanted her space after working all day.

Once London had left the house, I let out a breath. I definitely had to be more careful in the future. An event like that could happen again with Dawn at any time. If I was going to do more of this kind of stuff in the future, I’d definitely need to make sure I had the privacy to manage it. It never occurred to me that I wasn’t going to do it again. Perhaps I was already hopeless.

The remainder of the weekend passed without anything remarkable happening. I should have been doing my homework when I had London there to help, but I was too anxious and hadn’t even thought to use her that way. Thus, the remainder of my weekend was spent struggling to get through everything. Thankfully, I didn’t have history this semester. I would definitely flunk such an unfair class. I couldn’t even imagine how things might be different. Was there a female George Washington? Was she Georgia Washington?

Wait, there was an easy way to tell! I pulled out the stack of money I had been given earlier that week from that woman I had slept with in the hotel. I didn’t spend it yet, and I had been holding off doing so. It was money earned with sex, technically, and I felt like if I got too comfortable with that money, I’d definitely suffer a bad end. Thus, I had kept it for a rainy day.

I hadn’t paid attention since money looks almost the same. Almost in that the figures on each of the currency were women, not men. They weren’t necessarily attractive looking women. One of them had a balding head, and another had a really long nose that wasn’t flattering at all. However, they did look distinguished. These were now my forefathers. I didn’t know if their names were Georgia Washington and Barbara Lincoln or something like that. I guess, history class or not, I should go do some studying.

That wasn’t the only distraction I experienced when I was working through my homework. Every thirty minutes or so, my mind would wonder and then I’d suddenly want to know about something else. Who starred in Die Hard? This was a very important question the second it hit my brain. I wasn’t able to continue my homework for another minute until I found that answer. That was what I got for having an idle mind. The answer was ‘some woman’. It wasn’t Caitlyn Willis, just some actor I had never heard of who apparently was an action star.

The combined efforts of my wondering mind and my procrastination meant that the remainder of my time was long and boring. Sometime late Sunday night, when I should have already drifted off to bed, there was a soft knock on my door. Although it was a knock, since I didn’t have anything blocking it and the latch was broken, the door ended up swinging open, anyway. Without me saying anything, mother suddenly stumbled in. When I turned to her, my eyes instantly fell on her chest. She was wearing a robe, and not much else. It was open, and the majority of her chest was exposed. From certain angles, I even saw nipple.

“Noah…” She grinned and then walked over to me, grabbing my shoulders. “My precious little Noooaaah.”

“Mom?” I caught a whiff of something strong and twisted my nose. “Are you drunk?”

“I just… I just… came home from the bar with the giiiirls… iiiss aalllll…” Her words were rather slurred, and she was leaning on me as she held my shoulders to keep herself from falling over.

“I see…”

Mom suddenly wrapped her arms around me, squeezing me tightly, I found the back of my head being pressed between her large hanging tits. Although she just came from the bar, aside from the smell of alcohol on her breath, she had laid on a lot of flowery perfume which almost overwhelmed the other scent from where I was.

“I miss sex.” She muttered.

“Mom!”

“Whaaaaat?” She let out a slurred laugh, her chest bouncing on my head. “I’m just being hooonest! Your dad wasn’t good at eating pussy. Are you good at eating pussy?”

“You’re really drunk… Mom, just go to bed.” I tried to turn down and push her off me.

However, she grabbed my wrists with hers. “Whyyy sooo embarrassed? I know youuurr fuuckiing women now! I can teelll you’ve reached that age. You’re juuuust like your father.”

“I’m nothing like father.” My eyes darkened, starting to feel a bit angry at her lack of thoughtfulness.

“Hehe… that’s right, you’re definitely bigger than he was.” She smirked lewdly. “I saw that sexy body of yours.”

“Mom.” I gritted my teeth, standing up, even though she was still holding my wrist. “You need to go to bed.”

“Stoop acting all high and mighty… I know you’re just mommy’s little slut!”

Slap!

I reacted before I could stop myself. I went to slap her, and it turned out her grip on my wrist was less than I thought. My hand flew and struck her face. I just hit my mother. I couldn’t believe it. What was happening to me lately? First, I abused London, and now I’m slapping mom? What was getting into me? Mom looked back at me. She was breathing somewhat labored. I felt afraid for just a moment. If she suddenly attacked me, I was pretty certain I could defend myself, but not without hurting one or both of us.

“Iiiiii’mmmmmm ssoooorrrrryyyy…” She suddenly burst into tears, and then she hugged me, pushing her face into my chest. “I looovve you sooo much… I love you… please… please don’t leave me.”

Mom had always seemed so strong. My other mother, I mean. She never complained. She never cried. She never got drunk. She worked hard constantly. I had no clue how close she was to breaking. I had no doubt that the woman in front of me was echoing the feelings of my mother. This wasn’t unique to this world. This was her when she didn’t bottle up and hide everything. She was, for lack of a better word, a mess.

In all of that time, I could have been a better son. I could have helped support her and the house. Instead, I had hidden away, avoiding dealing with anyone else. When mom asked me to do things, I’d bark at her in annoyance rather than trying to help her in the slightest. I closed my eyes and sighed, putting a hand on her head. I held mom close to me. That was until she looked up and kissed my neck.

“Ah, mo-oom!” I started to back up.

However, there wasn’t much room in my bedroom, and my legs hit the bed. I fell back as mother kept pushing forward, and suddenly she was on top of me.

“I love you… I love you so much!” She said, her lips coming up to mine.

“Ah! N-no!… Mmmm!” I couldn’t even reject before her tongue was in my mouth and she was kissing me just as aggressively as London had.

I shoved her off of me. My mother was a limit I wasn’t willing to cross. I couldn’t say I wasn’t tempted. In fact, her hot, mature body on top of me was instantly bringing those parts of me back up, but I refused to succumb to them. I wasn’t going to have sex with my mother! That included oral! Mom’s eyes were half closed and she didn’t seem to be getting the hint though.

“It’s okay… I’ll make you feel good. You don’t need to play with idiotic teens anymore. Mommy will take care of everything.”

“No, mom… stop!” I kicked her off of me.

Although she was practically a dead weight, I wasn’t weak, and I could still shove her off. As she fell to the side, I was just about to do anything I could to get her to snap out of it, but as I turned to her, I heard a snore. I jumped out of the bed, straightening my clothing, and then I looked down to see mother’s eyes were closed, and her breath was even. She had passed out in my bed just like that.

Her robe had grown untied and fell open. Her entire naked body was exposed to me. Mother had an exceptionally good body. She didn’t look like a woman in her 40s. If she was any indication to my sisters, they would all mature splendidly. Her breasts were big and round. They sagged a bit with age, but they were smooth and didn’t contain a single wrinkle. She did shave down there, and there was a perfect brown arrow pointing down to her pink slit.

I grabbed the robe and shut it, then retied her sash. Only then did I take a breath I hadn’t realized I had been holding. I forcefully shoved my cock back down, trying to kill the erection I definitely shouldn’t have. By the time I was done, mother’s snoring had increased to a rather loud amount. Realizing the last of my homework would be impossible to finish now, I packed it up. It was extremely late anyway. I should get to sleep, but it was impossible to sleep with my drunk mother in my bed. I definitely didn’t want to wake her and risk more sexual assault. I might do something I regret if she tempted me much more.

Of course, my mind immediately fell on a place I could stay, Dawn’s room. It smelled a bit, and she had food crumbs on the bed and crap on the floor, but it would probably be fine. I took a step out of my room, heading to Dawn, when a voice called me, causing me to nearly jump out of my skin.

“Noah. What’s going on? Where are you going?”

I spun to see Mackenzie standing in her doorway with her arms crossed. I let out a staggered breath, willing my heartbeat to slow. Even as I did that, I cursed my luck. What were the chances that of all the times I snuck out, it’d be the one time I wasn’t looking around me that she’d show up? However, once I remembered I had nothing to hide, I calmed down.

“Mom… fell asleep on my bed. She’s drunk. I was going to… sleep on the couch.”

I wasn’t going to tell Mackenzie I was going to sneak into Dawn’s room. I was thinking my big sister could relieve some pressure mom had built. However, that was out of the question now.

Mackenzie walked forward and peeked into my room. She made a grimace when she saw that woman.

“That… damn… bitch.” Mackenzie growled under her breath. “You don’t need to sleep on the couch. You can take my bed.”

“We’re… a little old to be… sleeping together.” I responded, trying to make her uncomfortable enough to forget trying.

I saw a lot of myself in Dawn, and I felt protective of Bethany. That was why I had spent time with them. Mackenzie, on the other hand, had always been a pain in my life. I didn’t want to be in her room, no matter what childhood memories she seemed to possess.

She blushed. “I have a sleeping bag. I’ll sleep on the floor.”

I raised my hand to protest, but she had already turned and was walking into her room. I let out a sigh. I didn’t see how I could get out of this one.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Entering Mackenzie’s room felt like entering enemy territory. We had never gotten along in my old life. She had always been a pain in my ass. This life didn’t feel like much of an exception. Since mom was drunk, I had no choice but to sleep in her room. It would only look suspicious at this point if I tried to go to Dawn’s room.

“Can’t I just sleep on the couch?” I asked, giving it one last effort.

“It’s fine.” She responded with a voice that gave me no room to escape.

“I see…” I responded helplessly.

Mackenzie fell to her hands and knees and started looking under her bed. She was wearing shorts and a string top. I realized after a moment I was looking at her butt. I hadn’t been joking when I said that she had the nicest butt out of the girls of my family. As she pulled something out and glanced at me, I just managed to peel my eyes away. However, she seemed to have noticed something and was still looking at me with suspicious eyes.

I kept my mouth shut, but when she started laying out the sleeping bag, I couldn’t keep silent any longer. “I’ll sleep on the floor.”

“Nonsense. I’m not going to have my little brother sleep on the floor.”

“Th-then you take the couch.”

I was surprised to see a slightly hurt look on her face. “Is it really that bad that you don’t even want to be in the same room with me anymore?”

I didn’t know what to say. If there was a closeness between Mackenzie and the old me, I didn’t remember it. Either way, I didn’t recommend the couch for myself, but because I didn’t want to have my sister sleep on the floor on my account. I figured that the couch out there would be more comfortable. Heck, at that point, one of us could probably sleep in mom’s bed. She couldn’t be mad considering it was her fault this all happened in the first place.

When I didn’t respond, Mackenzie stood up. “It’s fine, I’ll take the couch.”

I suddenly felt bad. This Mackenzie was genuinely trying to help her brother, and I was being standoffish. I reached out and grabbed her arm as she walked past me. She looked back at me with no specific expression on her face, and a large sleeping bag bundled in her arms.

“The bed,” I muttered.

“What?”

“We’ll sleep in your bed together.”

“Th-that…”

“It’s a full, it’s fine. It can fit both of us.”

I didn’t know why saying such a thing made me so embarrassed. I wouldn’t have acted that way around Dawn. There was just something about Mackenzie that seemed to keep me from acting assertive. Whether it was the fierce look in her eyes, her naggy atmosphere, or something else, she just left me always feeling a bit shy.

She had a surprised look on her face as she looked between the bed and me a few times. After giving a hard swallow, she nodded slowly.

“Okay.”

She dropped the bedroll back down and then stood nearby as if waiting for me to enter first. I cautiously lifted the sheet and slid inside. Her bed was a bit comfier than mine, and the sheets felt cool and clean. Dawn’s bed felt crunchy. She always had crumbs on it, so something clean was a nice change of pace.

As I got comfortable, facing away from Mackenzie, I could hear her rustling as she got in next to me. I had never slept in the same bed as a girl before. Dawn and I had fooled around, kissing and petting, but I was awake for all that. There was something far more awkward about being in the same bed with a girl and your only goal was to go to sleep. I was focused far too much on my other senses. I could smell her sweet flowery scent next to me. I could feel the warmth emanating from her body. I could hear every rustle and breath. Suffice it to say that falling asleep was very difficult.

“It’s okay if you hold me.” Mackenzie suddenly said.

“Hmm?”

“You can hold me like you used to.”

“Ah… okay…”

If I had thought about it first, I would have told her no. However, she had asked so suddenly that I just agreed without thinking. I turned around and suddenly I had my arm over her stomach and my nose just an inch from her breasts. She was lying on her back, and I was now cuddled up against her side. I could feel her body tense as I held her, but then loosen up after a moment.

However, I was starting to have problems of my own. With the feel of her body in my arms, my lower half was starting to respond again. I absolutely couldn’t afford to get a boner, but this extremely close scene where I could even feel the tickle of her sweet breath against my nose was too much. It was like watching a disaster in slow motion. The more I tried not to think about it, the more I ended up thinking about it, and my cock slowly grew harder and harder. I slowly edged my butt away to avoid poking her hip.

Just when I thought I was out of it, her arm which was wrapped around me suddenly grabbed me and pulled me close. I let out noise as my hips we suddenly pulled forward, and that thing struck her hip.

I shot a look up at Mackenzie, terrified by what she’d say. To my surprise, her eyes were closed. She did it while she was asleep? So, maybe she didn’t realize anything. With a sigh, I started to relax. As long as she was asleep, then she might not notice anything. Although I couldn’t make it go away, if I got to sleep, It’d disappear and in the morning I’d have nothing embarrassing to deal with. Accepting my place with my cock pressed against my sister’s side, I snuggled up closer and closed my eyes. As a result, I didn’t see an imperceptible smile form on Mackenzie’s lips.

It still took a while to go to sleep, but I eventually passed out. My dreams were murky at first, but then I started having a very lucid sex dream. It started with a feeling in my groin. I was dreaming I was having sex with someone. The faces always seemed to change. It went from Samantha, to Abigail, to Anna. Then, it went to London and Dawn, slowly dancing through the rest of my sisters. Even my mother ended up in there, drunkenly bouncing up and down on top of me.

For a moment, I thought I woke up, and the form solidified as Mackenzie. Her face was right next to mine and she was panting hard. Her hand was stroking my cock under the sheets.

“Come on, brother, it’s okay. Mackenzie will take care of it.”

“Ahh…Ahhh…” I painted, already half-way there.

I was confused and disorientated. I didn’t know if I was dreaming or awake. Mackenzie’s body pressed against mine felt so real. My fingers instinctively reached out, and I touched her between the legs.

“Ahhn… b-brother…” She breathed kissing me lightly. “You don’t have to. Just let me do this like we used to when we were younger.”

I ignored her and started rubbing between her legs. I pushed aside the shorts and panties and then began to feel her wet slit. Her body shuddered, but she increased the speed, moving her hand faster and faster.

“I love you… I love you…” She moaned kissing me gently on the cheeks.

My body shuddered as I started to cum. Gushes of white stuff shot out. They got on her hand, the sheets, my pants. It made a mess everywhere. At the same time, her thighs tightened around my hand, squeezing it tightly.

“Y-yes…yes…” Mackenzie shuddered orgasmically in my arms.

She collapsed her body on top of me, although she didn’t let go of my cock. My hand was more or less squeezed out from between her thighs. I could feel her hot breath on my face, and her warm body pressed against me. I tried to open my mouth, but her spare had covered my lips with two fingers.

“Shhh… it’s just a dream. Go back to sleep.”

She started to gently stroke my hair, and I slowly slipped back into unconsciousness. My dreams were a lot more relaxing, and I slept through the night like a rock.

I woke the next morning to the sound of my phone alarm. My eyes opened, and I realized I was still sleeping on Mackenzie’s bed. However, she wasn’t in the room at all. My memory of the dream I just had came crashing home. I tossed off the covers, only to find nothing. My penis was in my pants. My underwear looked fine. There was no sign of last night.

I lifted my finger which I had remembered sliding into Mackenzie and smelled it. My hands smelled clean, I guess. At least, as clean as they ever were. Was this all a dream? Even if it was a dream, wouldn’t it have become one of those so-called wet dreams? I distinctly recalled cumming, so why was there no evidence? Did Mackenzie accost me during the night, or not? I didn’t know. Sitting up, I pushed out the door to find that the house was active.

“Brother! You slept in! We’re going to be late!” Kelsey said.

“Huh?”

“The bus! We have like ten minutes!”

“Ah!” After a week of not being in school, a sudden school day hit me like a brick.

“Ah… son… I’m sorry about last night.” Mom said, blushing. “I didn’t mean to take your bed.”

“Why are you apologizing to him, I’m the one who had to sleep on the couch!” Mackenzie said.

“You could afford to sleep on a couch!” Mom retorted with a snort.

Mackenzie ignored her and shot me a look. “If I knew you were going to sleep in like this, I would have stayed in the room after you went to sleep.”

“After?” I was still a bit dazed, trying to process what had happened.

Mackenzie had left after I went to sleep. I slept in on a school day. The bus was leaving in about ten minutes.

Mackenzie cocked her head at me. “What’s wrong?”

“Ah… nothing… just not used to being up so early.”

“Come on! Move it!” Kelsey cried out.

“Just go already.” Mom waved her hand. “I’ll take Noah in myself. It’s his first day back since his concussion, so it is best if I take him in and get him situated.”

“Really?” All of the girls made similar faces.

“I won’t embarrass him! What kind of Mother do you girls think I am?”

“The kind that accosts your son drunk in the middle of the night,” Kelsey answered.

“The kind that steals a young boy’s bed.” Mackenzie snorted.

“A pervert… definitely a pervert.” Kristy added to the others.

Mom’s expression dropped, but every eye ended up on me, waiting for an answer. Actually, I was still only half-awake. I wanted a bit more time to get ready anyway.

“It’s fine if mom takes me,” I answered.

Mom laughed. “See? My son still loves me?”

“Yeah, whatever.”

The girls all gave Mom admonishing or disbelieving looks as they headed out the door. Other than Bethany and London, we all went to the same high school. Dawn was a senior getting ready for college. Mackenzie was a Junior. I was a Sophomore. The twins were both Freshmen. Bethany went to the middle school just down the street, but she’d be in high school next year. Typically, we all took the bus, since mom didn’t have a car large enough to fit seven people. Unless London showed up with her car, family gatherings were impossible.

However, because the bus went all around town, with our house being one of the first stops, it took almost an hour to get to school. That meant that being driven to school was the equivalent to getting an extra hour. In my old life, it was common for some of them to always beg mom to drive them, since it gave them time to get ready. However, she had work as well, so the sooner I was ready, the better.

Once everyone filed out the door, Mom gave me a look with her arms crossed. I ran into my room to get ready. It was finally my first day of school in this topsy-turvy world.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I had no clue how to dress for my first day. I had never realty thought about it that much before. It wasn’t that I was adopting this world’s attitude toward how boys act, but that I didn’t want to find myself being singled out by anyone there. People might begin to notice my personality changes or the fact I couldn’t remember key details. How someone acted at home and how they acted at school were two very different things. I needed to reduce as many variables as possible, and dressing nice was just one of them.

“You ready, sweetie?” My mother asked.

I grabbed a button-up shirt and tossed it on. I had no clue if it looked good or not. Grabbing my backpack, I headed out into the living room.

“Let’s go.”

I ended up in the car as we took off. We were still a bit early, and because I was taking the direct route, I was probably going to end up there before my sisters. In my old life, my sisters all but ignored me at school. In this life, I wondered if it was the same.

“Noah…  I wanted to talk to you for a bit.” Mom spoke in a hesitant voice as she started the car.

I glanced over at her. “What is it, mom?”

“About last night… when I stormed into your room…”

“Oh, it’s fine. You were just drunk.”

She shook her head. “It’s not fine. I’m your mother, and to go into your room and… I don’t know what I was thinking.”

“I said it is fine.”

“Did I… do anything to you?”

I raised an eyebrow. “Do anything?”

She winced at my look, looking embarrassed. “I mean… I don’t remember clearly, so…like…”

“Like sex?”

“N-Noah!” She suddenly hit the brakes, pulling over to the side of the road.

We weren’t on any major road, so there was no one nearby that could easily see us as mother turned to me, a slightly frightened expression on her face.

“Mom!” I called out in surprise as she grabbed and looked at me with a dead-serious look.

“Baby, please tell me I didn’t touch you, right? I was drunk, but there is no way, right?”

“Nothing happened!” I cried out.

“O-oh…” She took a breath. “And then backed away. “Good then…”

Suddenly, a dark streak welled in me, and I wanted to see how far I could push things with mom. I didn’t want to ruin things with her, but at the same time, she did force me out of my bed last night, so I was up for just a bit of revenge.

“You did ask me to eat your pussy.”

“Ugh!” She made a noise like she had been punched. “Y-you’re such a jokester…”

“Then you accused me of sleeping with other women, and called me your little slut.”

Beeeeeeeep! Her head fell unto the steering wheel, causing a loud beep from the car’s horn. I thought she’d move, but she just left her head there, seemingly completely unresponsive. Freaking out just a bit, I pulled her head away.

“Mom?”

With the beep stopped, I could hear her muttering under her breath. “It’s over… it’s all over… my son will leave me. I’m going to prison. My life is over. All of my children…”

Her dark words came out in a low voice like deadly curses, and the nonreactive mom was far scarier than the overreactive mom. I leaned over and grabbed her face, but her eyes seemed to be lost, looking at nothing, and she was still murmuring words like it was the end of days. Perhaps a good shock would kick her out of it.

Looking out of both windows and making sure her honking hadn’t attracted any eyes, I then grabbed her and kissed her right on the lips. My tongue darted out into her mouth almost by instinct. I couldn’t believe I was kissing my mother with tongue. Going after my sisters was one thing, but this was my mother.

“Mmm!” She finally snapped out of it and then pushed until my lips parted form hers. “S-son, what are you doing?”

“Mom… it’s okay. If you need a man, I’ll be that man!” I declared, with my cheeks pouted out.

Why was I acting this way? I imagined all of those daughter-con father’s who wouldn’t let their daughters date anyone and were uncomfortably close to their daughters. Then, I put mom in their place, and I imagined what kind of words would break a daughter loving father. What came out was a daughter, or I guess I should say a son, who wants to give his all to make mommy happy. It was weaponized innocence, and it’d only work on a father, who would refuse to see their loved ones as anything but pure.

“B-baby…” Mom gasped, panting, but her hands were resting on my chest, and I felt them suddenly squeeze.

“Mommy, I love you…”

Her body shook, and for a moment, she shot me a look so lewd that it almost caused me back away. It was a look like she wanted to eat me up right there. I thought she was going to throw herself on me. I realized my heart was beating quickly. That look was sexy, and for a second, I stopped seeing her as my mother and started seeing her as something else. We both stared at each other for a minute, waiting for something to happen.

However, when neither side did a thing, we seemed to snap out of it at the same time. I shook my head and pulled away, and she dropped her hands and bit her lip. Once we were both sitting back in our seats, we stared out the window in a daze. I didn’t know what was going through mom’s mind, but I was wondering if I wanted to taste my mother like I had Dawn.

“We… um… I need to get you to school.” Mom said in a low voice, pretending that what just happened didn’t happen.

“Y-yeah… of course… school.”

She put the car in drive and took off. She was driving a bit fast too, but I didn’t say anything. We were both silent for the rest of the car ride. Our previous moment had been something, but was it the kind of moment that we could bury and never discuss again, or the kind of moment that would change everything forever? I didn’t have the answer to that question.

We pulled in front of the school just as the first of the buses were getting there. My sisters hadn’t gotten off, so I was still there before them, and a bit early overall. I had checked over my classes just in case, and they were the same classes I had taken the previous year, so no change there. I went to hug mom, and she instinctively pulled back for a second.

“S-sorry… come hug your mom.” She put her arm around me, then patted my back like the way two men hugged in my old world.

Had I ended up making things so weird between us? I had just meant to tease her, but it ended up being too much. Just as I was about to pull away from our hug, I leaned in and kissed her lips. Just a quick kiss before I pulled away.

“Bye, mom!’ I jumped out of the car before she could react.

She stared at me with wide eyes as I ran up to the doors of the high school. It took a honk from behind her before she finally looked away and shifted back into drive. For now, I’d just tease mom a bit, because it was fun. This kind of thing would be harmless, or so I thought.

I only made it a few steps into the high school when a hand grabbed me. I found myself being pulled from the entrance into a stairway.

“Noah, we need to talk.” A girl standing in front of me demanded.

That girl was none other than Samantha. She had her hair up in a ponytail. She was wearing tight-fitting sweat pants and a loose-fitting t-shirt. She had a clean smell and was wearing a sweet-smelling perfume.  She looked quite pretty today. She was a lot better dressed than she had been when I stormed into her bedroom a week ago.

I blinked, looking Samantha up and down. “Yeah?”

“Um… rumors are going around school.”

“Really?”

Samantha nodded. “They are saying you’re a slut that will fuck any attractive girl you see.”

I nodded thoughtfully. “That sounds about right.”

“Take this seriously!” She pushed me against the wall roughly, putting both hands on it on either side of me. “Girls are going to be trying to date you left and right just for sex.”

Sweet!

“Samantha didn’t I already tell you, I’m not like other guys.”

“You’re not still on about that!” She furrowed her brow.

“Ai… not even you believe me…” I hid a smirk and instead looked upset. “After I gave myself to you and everything?”

Her face turned red. “Noah… I’m sorry, What we… what I… that’s why I wanted to talk to you. Be my boyfriend!”

“What?”

“If you’re my boyfriend, then no one will have room to talk. If any girl runs her mouth… I’ll… I’ll… beat her ass!”

“Seriously? Are you even allowed to have a boyfriend after everything?”

“I’ve been grounded the last week, so I couldn’t talk to you, but my parents don’t mind if we date. It just can’t be in my room, and I’m supposed to use protection.” She blushed. “Dad says your nice, and mom wants you to be around some more.”

I bet she did. After all, she probably wanted another shot at some teenage ass.

“I’m not boyfriend material. I mean, I love pussy. The rumors aren’t wrong. I’ll have sex with any hot girl I want.”

Samantha was being so sincere, that I had to speak the truth. I had already attacked two of my sisters, and even my mother wasn’t safe. I had even played with Samantha’s mother. There was no way I could just let her pretend to be my girlfriend after that. It would only end in sadness.

“Then… I’ll give you all the pussy you need!” She said defiantly.

“Sam…”

“I’ll please that dick so good, that you won’t even think of other women. Can’t you just give me a chance?”

I crossed my arms, “Abigail…”

“Huh?’

“I’m already sort of dating a girl named Abigail. I think… I don’t know. I only hung out there to get closer to my sister, and then she started calling me her boyfriend. So… if you want me, you got to get her to understand we’re over.”

“R-really? Then you’ll date me?”

“I guess… but you promised me all the pussy I want.”

“I’m a girl, I could have sex at any time!” She announced proudly.

“Really?” I asked innocently, and then reached down and slid a hand into her pants.

“Ahh!” She cried out, grabbing my wrist, “What are you doing?”

“I’m playing with some pussy.” I offered politely.

“H-here? We’re in school!” Her voice rose a few octaves.

I let out a laugh. “Is that a problem? Is this only how far your offer goes? As much pussy as I want, but not in your room, and not at school, and not anywhere else, and also we have to use protection.”

As I spoke, my finger pushed aside her underwear, and I started rhythmically rubbing her wet slit, teasing the surface relentlessly. She let out a stuttering hot breath.

“Fuck…” She breathed out. “God it feels so good.”

“I’m glad. You’re so wet and horny, even at school, you naughty girl.”

“You’re the one who makes me so wet.” She said, finally letting go of my wrist and grabbing my head. “Just thinking about you makes me horny all the time. I haven’t stopped thinking about the first time. I love you, Noah. I love you.”

“I know.” I grinned.

I slid my fingers into her wet snatch.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Your fingers are fucking amazing…” Samantha moaned in my ear. “Shit… Shit… I’m cumming.”

“Cum, cum all over my hand.”

“Ahh… ahhhn… fuck… it’s tightening around your fingers. I spurting all over your hand you naughty boy… Mmm…” Our tongues met and danced back and forth as her cunt clenched tightly on my fingers and I felt a little bit of liquid spurt on my hands.

My cock was rock hard, and I was just about to throw her down and fuck her when the sound of an extremely rusted door squealed open. She shoved me away. And my hand flew out of her pants so fast that lust flicked from my fingertips and even hit the wall. I hid my wet hand and took a few steps back, looking around for where the noise came from.

Someone on the second story had opened the door and was walking down. It was none other than the vice-principal. Through sheer luck, she had a folder in front of her and was reading through it. As she walked down the stairway with heavy steps that sounded in the echoey hall, she only looked up when she was halfway down.

By this time, we had parted, I had hidden my erection, and Samantha had wiped her mouth. We were standing across from each other, breathing hard, so I was pretty sure the vice-principal could easily figure out what we were doing.

“You’re Noah, right?”

I jerked up. “Ah…. Yeah?”

“Follow me. I was meaning to talk to you anyway.”

Samantha and I looked at each other. I was a bit confused. Why me? She didn’t seem to care that Samantha was there at all. She walked the rest of the way down the stairs and then passed the pair of us, not even bothering to make sure I followed. However, I knew I’d only get in more trouble if I didn’t obediently do what she asked, so I straightened myself out one more time, and then followed after her. As I reached the door, Samantha grabbed my arm.

“I’m sorry if I got you in trouble.” She whispered.

“It’s fine, you need to take responsibility and finish what you started though.” I winked at her.

A lewd look appeared on her face, and she reached out and squeezed my butt as I walked by. I looked at her in surprise and she grinned, looking every bit like a horny little devil. Seeing such perverted looks on women took some getting used to. I quickened my pace and caught up to the Vice Principal. A few people glanced my way and whispered as we walked by. Maybe, they were wondering why I was following the vice-principal. Perhaps, they had heard about my concussion. Or, maybe it was just the rumors about me being a slut.

I wasn’t sure I felt like that. I knew I should be upset and perhaps even go out of my way to rein it in so nasty stories didn’t spread about me, but I didn’t feel insulted by such terms. Didn’t men chase after girls because they were sluts? So, if I had a reputation as a slut, wouldn’t that give me more opportunities to get laid? I mean, I wasn’t planning on having sex with every girl I met, but it’d be nice to be chased, and it’d also be great to have a wide selection. In some ways, being a known slut seemed like a plus.

The vice-principal was a short woman with a curvy body. She wasn’t fat, but she had a big butt and breasts that made her look big if you weren’t looking. Her anatomy caught the eyes of many boys in school, and she had been the brunt of many jokes. However, that was another world. In this world, she didn’t seem to be as cautious of her large parts, which is why she was wearing a shirt that showed a lot of cleavage and a skirt that only just covered her robust bottom. It was a scandalous outfit she never would have worn in my old world.

Just as I was thinking that I thought about what would happen if I suddenly threw myself at her. Would she turn into a naughty deviant like Samantha’s mom, or would she hold back her libido and remain a respectable teacher. I worried to find the answer. I might start to lose my faith in adults completely if I kept going down this road.

The pair of us ended up entering the vice-principal’s office. She gestured for me to sit, but she only leaned against her desk with her arms crossed, watching me carefully.

“You’ve been away for a week because of a head injury, correct?” She asked once I sat down.

“Ah… yeah, I was hit by a car and got a concussion.” I admitted awkwardly.

“I see, well… I just wanted to check on you and make sure that you were okay to properly return to school”

“Ah, yes, I’m okay.” I reassured her, trying to give my best look.”

“That’s good to hear.” She nodded. “What about your future, have you given it any thought?’

Her sudden change in discussion caught me off guard, “Future? What do you mean?”

“What do you plan to do after high school? I mean unless you plan to become a stripper!” She laughed.

I joined her. “Oh… man… I wish!”

Her smile flickered. “Wish? You want to be a stripper?”

“Wouldn’t that be great? You have a good reason to stay in shape. All you have to do is dance a bit, and women throw money at you. It’s the dream jo-“ I stopped, only then realizing what world I was talking in.

I had been half-joking because I had assumed she was joking. After all, a guy’s aspirations of becoming a male stripper were somewhat silly. On the other hand, a woman’s aspirations of becoming a stripper would be really hot or somewhat worrisome based on who you were talking to. Spinning that around, I was doing myself no favors by suggesting I wanted to be a stripper. Then again, in this world, I could probably make some good money. No! I just didn’t have the body or confidence for that kind of thing.

“Noah…” Her expression had turned serious, and I felt a bit foolish. “You really shouldn’t sell yourself short. You’re a sexy, attractive man, and while women may like you for what you have down here, I want you to know that you have something up here too that many women find attractive.”

She had gestured at my groin, and then my head, as she spoke. I felt mortified. Then again, I only had myself to blame for starting this conversation in the first place. I already had forgotten that the world had changed on me, and I had only been in the school for a few minutes. I needed to be more careful in the future not to reveal my true colors.

“There is one more reason that I decided to bring you here. Seeing you in the stairway with that girl, I know you were likely doing something.”

“We were just talking!” I lied outright.

“Hmph… believe it or not, I was young once too. I know what it’s like being a woman. We’re animals, driven by our desire to find pretty boys like you and have fun.” As she spoke, she leaned closer to me, and her chest was hanging in a very provocative position.

“R-really…” I tried to not stare at her chest, even though it caused me to lean back and awkwardly turn my head in my chair.

“Noah, there have been some unfortunate rumors about you coming our lately.”

“What’s that?” I turned back, giving her a genuinely surprised look.

“Someone wrote something in the girl’s bathroom.” She pulled away and grabbed a paper from her desk, handing it to me.

The picture looked to be a wall. The wall had some writing on it.

For a good time, call Noah. He’ll suck your pussy good!

I stared at the writing with a somewhat stunned look. The number written was my actual number. If this kind of stuff was going around school, I was starting to realize why my sisters were recently acting so worried about my sex life. That kind of explained why Mackenzie had been on my ass a lot lately as well.

“I just wanted you to be aware of this. I might have asked what you did to warrant this kind of behavior from one of your fellow students, but you haven’t been here the last week. This might be because one of your sisters made an enemy. Can you think of anyone who’d want to slander your name?”

My mind immediately jumped to that middle school boy. I had embarrassed him. If he had a big sister or a friend in high school, he could get them to start trying to cause me trouble. However, I decided to answer by shaking my head. There was no way I could tell a teacher I went to the middle school during my time off and beat up a boy who was bullying my sister. I’d ask Bethany about it later. Maybe, we needed to leak those embarrassing pictures after all.

“Well, it was one of your sisters who reported this, and she also scribbled out the number quickly. Since you looked surprised, it looks like you didn’t get any negative phone calls. However, I wouldn’t put it past them to try again. For now, I’ll let it go, but if this becomes an issue, don’t hesitate to let me know.”

“Yes, of course.” I nodded.

However, if this did become an issue, as she called it, I definitely wouldn’t be telling her. Rather, I’d be trying to handle it myself. If someone wanted to screw with me, I definitely would make them pay.

The vice-principal ended the conversation there. The mischievous part of me flared up again and I considered teasing her and seeing what would happen for the second time. However, it was my first day back to school, and she hadn’t done anything but look out for me. She didn’t deserve to be played with, and it might even cause me more trouble down the line. Thus, I acted as the model student, smiling, and even shaking her hand before I left.

By the time she let me leave, the bell for the first class had already been rung. She wrote me a slip that would allow me to come to class late. I thanked her and then left, feeling slightly strange. I realized it was the first time I didn’t shamelessly hit on a woman. She might very well be the first one that I had spoken to amicably but didn’t tease since the world changed. That made me feel slightly depressed. Since I had my head down and was thinking about how I might need to simmer down a bit in the future, I wasn’t paying attention when my arm was grabbed and I was pulled.

I was yanked into a nearby closet, and before I could even get my bearings straight, I was shoved against the door. In front of me was Abigail. However, instead of the smile I typically saw, a slightly perverted look mixed with an air of faux confidence, she was frowning and looked genuinely angry.

“What’s wrong?” I asked instinctively.

“What’s wrong?” She mimicked, her facial features turning even angrier. “What’s wrong! You have some nerve.”

My eyes widened, surprised by her violent attitude. “I don’t get what your problem is.”

“My problem is… you’re my boy, but you’re going around school slutting it up with other women!” She snarled. “That’s my problem!”

Oh, yeah, there was that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Mm!” I was still pressed against the wall when Abigail suddenly stuck her tongue in my mouth, kissing me aggressively.

She had grabbed a hunk of my hair and was clenching it almost painfully. Her other hand was squeezing my chest. When it passed over my nipple, her thumb and forefinger squeezed. When she was done, she pulled away, panting slightly. Her eyes had a wild, slightly unhinged look as she looked me up and down.

“You’re my man! Do you understand now?”

“Not really?” I frowned, causing her eyes to pop open in surprise.

“What does that mean?”

“Didn’t we meet under the pretense of doing porn? I mean, we’re only talking because I wanted to get involved in that stuff. You can’t then turn around and say I can’t have other women.”

At this point, I almost felt like laughing, although I was sure that would piss her off. I wasn’t trying to hurt any of these girl’s feelings. Rather, I was being completely honest with them. I was going to get with other women. If they didn’t like it, it was best that they left now. As long as the world was like this, how could I not get some enjoyment? Sure, I went too far sometimes, like with my mother earlier today, but I was still determined to get as much enjoyment as possible out of a strange situation.

Any other guy would do the same. I’m just being honest with myself here. I’m a high school kid in the prime of my youth, and I now exist in a world where I have a cheat level hack. Women were throwing themselves at me, and my sex life improved by leaps and bounds. If the world turned back to normal tomorrow, I didn’t think I’d ever say I regretted having too much sex. I didn’t see myself saying I wish I had only slept with one woman my entire life or didn’t try that hot girl I had always fantasized being with, but now won’t even look at me.

Since I couldn’t imagine ever thinking that way, then my future direction was clear. I’d be the slut this school was already starting to call me. When some women use me for sex? Awesome! I was using them for sex as well. As long as I was clear and didn’t lead people on, as long as I didn’t end up in some kind of ‘School Days’ ending, I’d be happy.

That was what I was feeling. Even then, there was an exception to that rule. My sisters and my mother… I had already done a lot of stuff with them that left me worried. They were my family. For years, we had been distant from each other, but since the world turned upside down, I was starting to understand my sisters more and grow closer to everyone. They were my family, I didn’t want to ruin that. I would never treat my sisters casually. That was a promise.

On the other hand, Abigail had been a little fun at first, but she ghosted me this weekend, and now she was acting all high and mighty. I had already sort of told Samantha to help me end it with her. I was kind of hoping that the pair of us would approach Abigail together and I’d turn her down. As for Samantha, I thought I might try to get her into a threesome. I just didn’t feel like that threesome could be with Abigail. She was a bit too controlling and obsessive.

“You… other women… I suppose you want pussy? Just want a pussy buffet?”

Her tone was angry and aggressive, but what she said sounded pretty good to me. She was trying to slut-shame me, I supposed, but my entire sense of values was different, so it ran off me like water. I’d have to be careful about that in the future. Even if I wasn’t affected by such comments, I still had my sisters to consider.

“Look, I need to go, we’re late for class.” I decided to try to end the conversation quickly.

She suddenly leaned forward, her mouth going to my neck. I felt a pinch as she bit me hard. I was surprised by this and let out a cry. She didn’t bite enough to draw blood, and in another context, it might have been sexy. In this context, it was just confusing. I pushed her off me, not hesitating to grab her chest to do it. She finally let go of my neck and took a step back, grinning with a bit of dribble running down her chin.

“What was that about?” I demanded, wiping my neck.

“I marked you.” She said, smiling in a somewhat creepy fashion. “So, you can better understand your place.”

“My… place?” I didn’t know whether to laugh or cry at her over the top behavior.

“Don’t act like you don’t like it.” She said quietly. “You’re my man. I’m going to make you realize it eventually. I’m going to make you realize just how much you need me.”

She moved back enough that I could get my hand on the door and open it. With her grinning at me strangely, I opened the door and slipped out, closing it behind me and leaving her in the closet. I looked back at the door once, but she didn’t seem to come out to join me. Touching the bitemark on my neck, I felt a bit of oddity. I didn’t know how to take her behavior at all. We had only hung out a few times and then had sex once.

I remember what Mackenzie had warned me about. She had been harassing some guy until Mackenzie and her friends stepped in. I had disregarded her words because it was easier to believe Mackenzie was just a bully, but seeing the current Abigail, I wasn’t so sure. I was beginning to think that none of our meetings were an accident.

I turned and left, moving at nearly a jog so that I could get to my class. It was already fairly late, but hopefully, the permission slip was enough. I reached my class and slipped in. I had made sure to hide the bitemark, but I still felt every eye on my when I came into the room and gave the teacher my slip. Thankfully, she didn’t check the time the teacher signed compared to the time I arrived too closely and so I simply managed to get to my seat without a problem.

“Slut!” A guy suddenly coughed as I walked by.

This caused a group of people to giggle. When I reached my desk, I could see a lot of people giving me looks. I didn’t know why I was drawing so much attention. I checked my pants and made sure there was no erection or embarrassing precum spot. My neck was covered as well. I didn’t know what the problem was. As I was growing more confused, a guy next to me suddenly bumped my arm.

I turned to him and he slipped me a pocket mirror and leaned over. “Next time, you might want to clean up after fooling around with some girl.”

He spoke with an uptight voice like he didn’t think much of me. I looked in the mirror, and that was when I realized I had some makeup on my lips and cheek. When Abigail had kissed me earlier, she must have been wearing a lot of lipstick. She didn’t mark me just by biting me, but she wanted a mess to be seen by others. It was pretty clear I had been making out with a girl. In my world, it’d be applauded. In this world, a guy with lipstick from a girl kissing him had to be the equivalent of… well, as someone coughed, a slut.

I had been mentally preparing myself all day for it, but now that it happened, I felt a bit angry and helpless. I wiped my mouth quickly and then handed the mirror back to the guy. He received it, sniffed, and then looked away. A few people continued to shoot glances my way, but as the class continued, they calmed down and focused on what they should. I fought from letting out a sigh. Saying and thinking about how much you didn’t care what people thought of you, and dealing with it, were two completely different things.

After a few hours of class, it was lunchtime. The way lunches were set up, there were three different lunch periods. So, I didn’t share lunch with everyone at the high school. This meant Samantha and Abigail weren’t in my lunch, nor were most of my sisters. Only Kelsey and Kristy had the same lunch period as me. They always kept their distance.

I went to sit by my usual group of friends. These were gamer guys, and while I wouldn’t say I was so close to any of them that we hung out, we always talked every lunch, and we were on good terms. This was the first test I would truly have where I’d need to adapt to this new world. That’s what I thought, but as soon as I tried to sit down.

“This seat is taken.” A fat guy with acne said, putting a wobbly arm out to block me.

“Oh, then…” I looked at one of the other spots, next to a tall, lanky ginger.

“This one is taken too. They’re all taken.”

I wasn’t dense. I could see I wasn’t wanted there. However, given how much of losers these guys usually were, to block me from sitting down was laughable. I felt fury, but I also felt a bit like crying. Biting my lip, I turned around and walked away. I heard giggling and laughter behind me. It looked like I was no longer accepted in that group anymore. I looked around the messroom for another place to sit. I ended up settling on a place filled with girls.

“Can I sit here?” I asked.

The girls who had been in the middle of laughing about some joke I didn’t hear, looked over at me. “Huh? Yeah, I guess.”

One girl moved over and I sat down. I felt like a few of the guys nearby shot me dirty looks for doing it. It felt like I was damned if I did, damned if I didn’t.

“So, anyway, I was playing that game you recommended last night. It was freaking awful.”

“What are you talking about?”

“The story is garbage. It makes no sense.”

“It’s a video game, dude. Who the hell is playing video games for the story?”

“I am! I like role-playing games and immersive games.”

“The game is immersive! You immerse yourself in the environment!”

“That’s not what immersive means!”

“It totally does!”

“What game is this?” I asked.

The momentum of the girls suddenly stopped as they all looked at me again. I smiled weakly.

“Uh… it’s Shadow’s Fall. You probably haven’t heard of it.”

“Is it like an FPS?” I asked.

I hadn’t heard of the game. Then again, a lot of media was different in this world and had different names.

“It’s FPS and RPG lite.”

“And story lite.” The other girl said.

I laughed. “I like lite-RPGs. I don’t like it when they get too weighty. I want to play the game, not manage 150 stats and inventory.”

“Hey, that’s the best part!”

“Shit, are you a gamer guy?”

“Hah? I mean, I’m a guy who games.” I laughed.

“Damn, that’s hot.”

“Then you’ve come to the right table!” One of the girls announced. “I’m Sophie, that’s Luna and Nora.”

These weren’t the most beautiful girls in school. They were all kind of geeky. That had it’s own appeal though. Sophie was a small girl with big glasses and a lot of freckles. Luna was a tall girl who looked a bit too skinny and had a somewhat big nose. As for Nora, she was a bit thicker and had dark skin. If I was going to compare them to my sisters, or even Samantha or Abigail, they’d be a bit lacking. However, the old me would have happily dated any one of them.

The three girls all gave me a wave, smiling and looking at me excitedly. I started to feel a bit better after my earlier crap. I didn’t fit in with the boys from this world at all. I did fit in with the girls though. I could now have as many girlfriends as I wanted, and they all shared my interest. The best part? If I wanted to, I could fuck them!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lunch ended too soon. My mood had significantly improved since that morning. It was nice to find girls hanging off your every word. These girls were into videogames and me too, and just being able to joke around in a relaxed manner was great. I did refrain from flirting or leading them on. I didn’t want to make things complicated. Just because there was a potential for more with these women, didn’t mean I needed to pursue it. After all, I had Samantha and my sisters.

As for Abigail, I had pretty much committed to ending it at this point. I understood that I was being fickle, but I now lived in a world where I could afford to be fickle. I was starting to understand women who would drop men for such shallow reasons. I’m sure it wasn’t only a sex thing. Attractive men who never struggled to pick up a woman acted similarly. As I said, it was best if I ended it quickly with her.

I had two remaining classes for the rest of the day. One had an old bald man. In this world, he very distinctly wore a toupee, which was jarring when I walked into class and saw this for the first time. He also used to dress pretty sloppily, but he seemed to dress a bit nicer now. The other was a cute girl in her twenties. She had always been eye candy for the guys in class, but now I found myself wondering if I advanced on her, would I be able to get into a relationship. I found myself thinking that with every woman now.

In the past, I never even considered the possibility with most women. It was always a taboo or something where I didn’t consider I had a chance in a million years. Now though, I had already broken various taboos, and all of this seemed to be a possibility. It was freeing in many ways, and also a bit scary.

“Hmm? Where did this come from?”

I had let myself drift off in class, but when I glanced down, someone had left a note there. I glanced around, but everyone was either chatting with friends or focused on their books. This was a work period she allocated for us, but I had still been letting my mind wander at the possibilities, which I had honestly been doing all day. Maybe high school had turned out to be a bit too stimulating now that the rules had changed.

I opened up the note, which was just folded from paper ripped out of a notebook. There were messy words written on it, and it took me three tries to get what was written.

Meet me by the girl’s locker room after school.

Was this some kind of confession? It wasn’t signed. I couldn’t help but smirk a bit as I considered it. Even though I already had women fighting over me, which I admittedly kind of liked, I had even more women showing interest? Ah, it was great being a guy in this world. I needed to relax. It was probably just Samantha or Abigail wanting something. Well, I preferred it if it was Samantha over Abigail. Like I said, her behavior was becoming a bit disagreeable. I’d need to use Samantha and approach Abigail soon before things escalated.

School ended, and I waited for most of the class to clear before I put up my bags. I wasn’t going to take the bus home today. I’d just try to get a ride with Kelsey when her sports were over. Thus, I afford the time for the hallways to clear out before I made my way to this supposed rendezvous. I could afford to be late. If the old me had gotten a note from a girl, I would have tripped over myself to make sure I was there the second the bell rang. It had only been a short week, and my entire attitude had already changed.

When I reached the area in front of the girl’s locker room, the door suddenly opened, and the sister I was just thinking about popped out.

“Ah! Noah? What are you doing here?” She asked breathlessly.

“I got a note from someone to meet here,” I responded, feeling like I had no reason to leave. “What about you?”

“A note?” She cocked her head, her brow furrowing for a second before she shook her head. “Ah, I’m late! I had to run back to get pads or I’d bleed right through my shorts.”

“That’s disgusting!”

“That’s why you love me!” She winked and then ran past me.

I let out a little sigh. I had lived with these new world sisters for a week, but it wasn’t until I reached high school that I realized just how freely girls in this world were talking about their body functions. They had a little restraint around guys, but if you listened carefully, you’d hear women talking about periods, pornography, and pussies publicly. Try to say that ten times fast. My old sister never would have just boldly announced she was on her period like that.

I was alone in the hallway. Realizing that whoever wanted me here wasn’t coming, I turned to follow the direction Kelsey went. I’d watch her out on the field. She’d probably like that. I barely made a step away from the wall when the door opened and six girls walked out. They were all older girls by a year or two, and I didn’t recognize any of them.

I tried to move out of their way to let them pass, but somehow, I kept ending up in their way. I had shifted my movements two times before I realized that they were deliberately blocking me. I stepped back, hitting the wall as the six women made a half-circle around me.

“Ah… so you’re the boy, huh? You’re pretty cute.” The girl in front said.

“Damn, boy, you looking fine.” One of the others chuckled.

“Sorry, did one of you send the note?” I asked.

“Did one of us send the note?’ One of the girls parroted in a patronizing voice, causing the girls to all laugh.

“Ah… well… maybe we did, maybe we didn’t.” The girl in front put her arms pressed on the wall to either side of me, trapping me there. “Don’t worry, boy, we’ll take good care of you. Don’t be scared.”

“Huh?’ I cocked my head. “Should I be scared?”

The girl blinked, but when all the girls behind her laughed, she put on a grin and leaned close. “What If I said… I want to fuck you right now?”

I looked her up and down. She was kind of a bigger girl. She was a bit chubby, but kind of cute. She was a little better looking than the friends I had made at lunch. At least, she smelled slightly better and had a bit better hygiene.

“Yeah, sure.” I shrugged. “I mean, you don’t have any diseases, do you?”

This caused her to turn red. “I-I don’t!”

The girls behind her laughed even more at her flustered appearance. However, she quickly recovered and then reached out and grabbed my hair with one hand. She grabbed my crotch with her other hand, and I let out a noise of surprise, having not expected to be grabbed like that.

“Listen… I’m going to use your dick like my own personal sex toy, and then my girls are all going to enjoy you one at a time!”

I nodded. “Okay.”

“Okay?” She froze.

“Yeah, sounds fun.”

“Wh-what is with this guy?” One of the girls spoke in disbelief.

“You probably should do it in the locker room. Wouldn’t want to be caught, right?” I offered innocently.

Only a few minutes later, I had a woman riding my face, another on my cock, and more women all touching themselves around me. This was crazy fun, although it was a bit scary at times too. None of the women were super hot, but I didn’t mind that. They were all pretty enough and they were teenage girls, so it was pretty hard to go wrong. Plus, they seemed to go crazy at my touch, and that only made things more exciting.

“W-we were supposed to just scare him, is this okay?” Someone had said.

“Shut up!” The girl riding my face snapped. “Ahhh… fuck… this slut is the best!”

“What the hell is going on?” My sister’s voice cut through the room.

I was shocked to see her there. Kelsey must have said something and she had come to investigate. There was a girl at the door to block people, but Mackenzie must have shoved right through her. She even ended up punching someone before carrying me out the door and taking me home.

When we ended up home, she verbally chastised me. I couldn’t even really explain why I did it. I was just thinking that I wanted to calm down and keep a low profile, then I did something like that. I had been flipping back and forth the entire day, pulled between my hormones and my newfound freedom, and my responsibilities and senses.

“If you want me, then have me…” I told Mackenzie.

Was I going after her too? I remembered the previous night when she touched me. That wasn’t a dream! She felt something for me. No! What was I doing? My sisters, my mother, my best friend. Was I getting out of control? All I knew was that it felt fun, and I got to do things that I’d never get to do in another life. There was a gang bang full of thirsty beautiful teen girls obsessed with my dick. How could I ever fear that? How could I ever regret that?

It was only a week ago when everything was normal, and now I was banging every pussy I came across. I tried to act respectable, but every time I even had the thought, there was another beautiful woman pulling me toward her. I couldn’t feel regret about that anymore. I wouldn’t regret it. This was who I was. I was in this world now where everything was backward, and this was the kind of person I turned out to be.

I pulled Mackenzie, who was still on top, toward me. Our lips met. Her tongue shot out into my mouth. Although she was acting so resistive, it turned out she had no resistance at all. She started to kiss me more roughly. Her hands were on my chest, and she was stroking it as she kissed me excitedly. She sat up just as quickly as she started, but then she pulled her shirt up over her head, revealing her chest. She hadn’t been wearing a bra.

Next, she unbuttoned her pants, discarding them along with her underwear. Her expression looked manic, and I realized that she seemed to have lost all restraint. She wasn’t going to play around like London or Dawn. Her eyes were on my dick.

“Si-sister…” I said breathed out.

“I can’t hide it anymore. I… wanted to be the one to have your virginity.” Mackenzie suddenly said.

I looked away. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know you felt that way.”

“I fought it… for so long, I fought these feelings, but I’ve always loved you, brother.”

“Is that why you’re always on my case?”

“I can’t stop thinking about you. You live only next door, but it feels like an unreachable gap.”

“Mackenzie…” I was stunned by her words.

I had never thought for a moment that her feelings for me were this strong. She had been holding back all of this time? Was it like that in my old world too? Did Mackenzie truly have improper feelings for her young brother? Did she always bully me so that she didn’t have to face these true feelings deep inside?”

“I couldn’t have your virginity, brother…” Mackenzie sighed, “But I’m going to give you mine.”

She got on top of me before I could react, grabbing my cock in her hands.

“W-wait!” I cried out, but Mackenzie didn’t listen.

She dropped herself down, pushing my cock into her. I had eaten out Dawn, Deepthroated by London, and teased my mother, but I had never actually slept with any of them. For the first time since I had come to this world, I was truly having sex with one of my sisters!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Announcement

Hey, Whatsawhizzer here. I do a survey every six months among my fans asking them for their opinions regarding my writing. If you read a couple of my writings, and have constructive advice, then please do the survey. I really do use these to inform my decisions.  Thank you for continuing to read and be a fan.

Who am I? That seemed like a simple question. There was definitely a time when I was very clear who I was. I wasn’t happy with who I was, but I at least had specific standards and expectations. I knew how to act, and how to get by in the world.

When everything changed, I didn’t just find myself in an unfamiliar situation, I lost my sense of identity. I had a week off of school hoping to find myself, and I thought I had resolved myself when I went to school. Yet, on my first day back to school, I had played with two girls as potential girlfriends, considered pursuing every female authoritarian figure, and it all ended up culminating with me in a sex orgy with six seniors I had never met before.

Now, I had finally crossed the last line, pushing Mackenzie to a state where she gave her virginity to me. I had always thought that Mackenzie hated me, or resented me. Even in this world, I had the opinion that she was just determined to give me a hard time. As it turned out, her feelings for me had been the strongest of any of my sisters. The reason she obsessed over me was that she couldn’t do anything else.

“Sister…”

“D-don’t move! We’re not having sex.” She said. “I-I’m just using it, like a toy!”

I knitted my eyebrows as she worked her way up and down on top of me.

“I’m just masturbating…” She said stubbornly, putting a hand on and squeezing my chest, “This is just mutual masturbation!”

Her mutual masturbation, with her on top, and a bit of blood on my cock, sure looked like sex. However, my sister was insisting this was just masturbation using my penis. She was tight and warm, and it felt really good inside her, but I was a loss of how to take her behavior. My big sister was taking the initiative now.

Should I stop this from happening? There was the voice in my head that told me that this was going too far. At first, I had decided to just tease my sisters. Then, I thought just a little play was okay. Soon, I was doing oral sex with them. This appeared to be the final straw. If I kept going this direction, would I end up sleeping with all of my sisters?

Then again, there was the other voice in my head, which often came out stronger, telling me not to think so much and that I should just enjoy the ride. Viva the life, or something like that. After all, I found it difficult to believe I’d regret having too much sex. You can guess which voice ended up winning at this particular moment.

“Ah… b-brother… don’t move your hips.”

“I can’t sister just feels too warm and wet!” I shot back teasingly, grabbing her hips and then thrusting up into her.

“Ahn… n-no…” She cried out, grabbing my hands, but suddenly not able to gain the strength to resist.

Up until that point, she hadn’t slid it all of the way in. She was a virgin, after all, so she only let it enter about halfway. I decided to help her along, pulling her hips down and piercing her the rest of the distance.

“Geeeh… Ahhh… it’s deep!” She cried out. “F-forget it! Just use my hole? Use it however you’d like.”

Those words inflamed me in a way few words could. She was my big sister and she was on top of me, but with just those words I wanted to devour her completely. I did exactly as she offered, squeezing her hips tightly as I thrust up into her until my hips were tired. She held on to my hands while looking at me lustily, her cheeks red as she gasped orgasmically.

“D-does my little brother like it this rough?” She asked as she gave a shuddering breath.

I slowed down for a bit. “Am I hurting you?”

She shook her head. “No, you’re so amazing. I’m just realizing how erotic my little brother is.”

“Isn’t it your pussy that is so erotic?” I asked. “It feels too good.”

“I-is it… tight enough for you?” She asked.

I nodded. “You’re tight.”

“G-good… I used toys a few times, I was afraid it wouldn’t be good after.”

“Ah… right…”

“If you feel it’s not tight enough though…” She blushed. “You… can use the other hole… if you want.”

“Your mouth?”

“N-no! Dummy… my… my butt.” She covered her face shyly.

My usually domineering and bitchy sister just offered to let me stick it in her ass!

“Th-then, please bend over!”

Somehow, I ended up with Mackenzie bent over the couch cushion, completely naked with her ass in the air. After admiring her butt so many times in the past, somehow, I had claimed it completely now. I gulped at the sight and went to stick it in.

“Ah! I-I have lube… in my purse.” She gestured to the coffee table next to us.

“Right!” I hid my embarrassment, quickly finding the lubricant. I applied it to my cock, and then, looking at her butt, slightly discolored and wrinkled, I put some lube on my finger and pushed inside.

“Ahnn…” She made a noise.

“Is this okay?” I asked.

“I don’t know…” She admitted. “It feels weird.

With one finger in her butt, I slid two others into her pussy. I then began to stroke in and out, rocking my hand so as I was piercing her pussy, I was pulling out of her butt, and vice-versa.

“How about that?”

“B-brother… please stop teasing. If you won’t take it seriously, then I’ll take control.”

So, she was aware she was letting me play with her body? Why had I never realized just how cute Mackenzie was? I felt like I was only seeing her true self now. It was like her previous self had been the mask she built up because she was afraid of ruining herself with me. I felt it was the exact opposite. She wasn’t losing herself, she was finally being herself.

I finished by applying another tube of lubricant, and only then did I push it. I was over-eager though, and it slipped right into her pussy.

“Ahnn… b-brother… please…”

Her pussy felt so good, and it twitched when I slid it in by accident. I started to thrust into her for a bit, enjoying it.

“Damn… it’s too much.”

“D-don’t cum inside. I’m not on anything.” She said.

Now, I understood why she had recommended her ass instead. She had gotten this far on impulse, but she didn’t have a condom or anything. I was doing her raw. This excited me and I went even faster.

“It’s too deep, Brother… please…” She begged. “N-no… I’m cumming…”

She started climaxing on my cock, and I ended up pulling out. I pulled out just in time as I came all over her butt. Her body shook as she climaxed. I could physically see her pussy twitching as liquid leaked down her legs. Cum also leaked down her butt crack.

“It was warm when it came. It felt kind of good landing on my butt, but now it’s cold.” Mackenzie said, giggling slightly.

I pulled a sheet over and wiped off her butt, but I wouldn’t let her out of that position.

“Brother?” She asked as I pushed her back down over the couch arm.

“Didn’t you promise me your ass?” I said.

“Ah… y-yes…If you want.”

Using lots of lube, and some stroking, I managed to get it hard again.  I couldn’t underestimate just how appealing her backside was. Having her in such an erotic position filled kinks I didn’t even know I had. This time, I guided it in. The head finally popped in.

“Ahh… Brother… w-wait… that’s too much.”

I slid it in more.

“Ahhhn! My ass is full… damn… I can’t… pull out.”

I shoved it in the rest of the way.

“Ahhhhhn… brother… why are you so naughty.”

“Don’t you like me being naughty.” I laughed. “I’m just going to use your hole for a while, so bear with it.”

“Only because you’re my cute little brother… ahhh…”

I started to rock my hips. Her butthole was much tighter than even her virgin pussy. I let her anus stroke my cock as I pumped my hips. I couldn’t believe I was doing this with Mackenzie. If anyone told me two weeks ago, I’d be taking my sister in the ass, I definitely wouldn’t believe it.

Suddenly, Mackenzie shoved back causing me to stumble and land on the other side of the couch. She grabbed the throw blanket on the couch and tossed it over the both of us. A moment later, I heard a click and the door opened. I watched in horror as Kelsey walked in.

Her eyes immediately fell on the pair of us. My dick was still in Mackenzie’s ass, but she was on top, sitting in my lap. The Blanket covered our lower half, but her tits were just hanging out. Meanwhile. I was sitting on the couch with a flimsy towel on my chest. Our clothes were also scattered on the floor. It couldn’t be more obvious what we were doing!

“What are you two doing?” Kelsey demanded.

“None of your business!” Mackenzie crossed her arms over her chest. “What are you doing home early?”

“Huh? Oh, me?” She blinked, and then turned around, showing a bloody spot on her shorts. “It’s a heavy flow day. The male coach freaked out when he saw me bleeding. Men are such wusses.”

I stared in confusion as Kelsey started talking without even questioning anything. Then, I started trying to see it from her perspective. It would be like coming home to see your big brother sitting on his sister’s lap on the couch. He was shirtless. She looked like she had just come out of a shower. Sure, it was suspicious, but would your first assumption be that they were having sex?

“Brother?” Kelsey turned to me.

“Y-yes?”

“You shouldn’t let Mackenzie bully you like that! If she keeps doing it, let me know and I’ll make her pay!”

“B-bully!” Mackenzie glared.

“Th-that’s right!” I nodded, my hand under the blanket creeping over her leg and then touching her clit. “She’s a big bully!”

Mackenzie gasped, but I started to rub her clit under the blanket, and instead, her cheeks turned red. Kelsey seemed to take this as an admission of guilt.

“Mackenzie! You should just apologize to big brother now!”

“Apolo… ahhhn…” Her body shuddered. “I… I…”

I didn’t know why I decided to tease her like this, but Kelsey didn’t seem to notice at all. Instead, she leaned forward toward Mackenzie.

“Come on. Do it.”

“I-I… I’m c-c-cummm-“

“Ugh! I think I’m gonna wreck another pair of underwear!” Kelsey suddenly grabbed her abdomen, and then turned and ran to the bathroom, the door slamming behind her.

“Ing….” Mackenzie finished, her body suddenly spasming as she convulsed on top of me before falling back on me.

“Ah… Mackenzie!” I cried out as she lay on top of me.

“B-brother… you’re such a sadist…”

“You deserved it for bullying me,” I responded.

“Hahaha…” She laughed, kissing my lips. “I guess I did. Little brother has to punish me more.”

My eyes widened. Rather than angry, she seemed to be happy! I hadn’t expected that at all.

“Now?”

She knuckled my head painfully. “No! You’re lucky Kelsey is stupid! I can’t believe you did that. I came so hard I wrecked the couch throw blanket. Now quick! Help me clean up everything before she’s done in the bathroom!”

She stood up and my soft dick flopped out of her ass. I had thought I had finally gone too far, but rather than ruining my relationship with her, somehow; my uptight sister had warmed up to me considerably. Every act this week, in retrospect, seemed like a slow-motion disaster, yet I ended up facing no consequences for any of it. I didn’t know how I felt about that.

Just what would tomorrow bring?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I went and prepared food for the family after Mackenzie and I had finished cleaning up. I had grown much more skilled at cooking than I used to be, and while I still heard I was better before the injury, it wasn’t at the level where they were suspecting anything. Then again, suspecting the brother you had been living with the last week was not your real brother was probably difficult to accept even if you were told that.

For dinner, I cooked spaghetti in meat sauce, and this time I was able to do it without any of the noodles getting stuck to the bottom and burning. The girls started to arrive one at a time over the next hour. As for Mackenzie, she had sat on the couch in the living room and watched television while I cooked. Any time I looked her way, I realized she wasn’t watching television but was smiling while watching me. Rather than feel freaked out by it, her looks made me feel a bit self-conscious.

Once I had cooked the meal, I put out the plates and started serving them to each person. While I was in the middle of doing it, Kristy suddenly spoke up.

“Someone was having sex in the locker room today.”

“Seriously?” Kelsey perked up

I nearly dropped the ladle, splashing pasta sauce everywhere, but I just managed to catch it. “Wh-what?”

“I mean… I didn’t see anything.” She blushed. “But… one of my friends tried to get her swimsuit from the locker, and there was a Senior standing in the entrance who wouldn’t let her past. She said she heard what sounded like… well. Sex.”

“All women?” Bethany said, her eyes wide.

“N-no! I mean… I don’t think… she said there sounded like a man in there.”

“Don’t believe every rumor you hear!” Mackenzie cut in, glaring at Kristy, “Right, mom? Mom?”

“Touchdown!” Mom jumped up and then looking away from her phone at the rest of us. “Ah… right, whatever Mackenzie said.”

“There, see?” Mackenzie snapped.

“She sounded certain,” Kristy responded in a pouty voice.

“I wish I could have sex.” Kelsey sighed.

Thankfully, the conversation ended with that, although Mackenzie gave me a few sharp stares as if she was trying to lecture me. When no one was looking, I responded with a kissy face, causing her the blush and stop harassing me. After we did what we just did, what right did she have to complain! There was one other person who had been watching me carefully though.

That night, there was a light tap on my door, and I opened it surprised to see Dawn standing there. She rarely ever came out of her room except to eat, and she never came to my room. However, this time, she stepped into my room.

“Was that you, in the locker?” She asked.

“Why would you think that?” I tried to deflect the conversation.

“Don’t you keep telling me you’re a slut?”

“… fine, it was me.”

“…”

“Are you just upset you didn’t film it?”

“N-no!” She crossed her arms and then blushed. “B-but… if you wanted to…”

“Haha… you’re my cute big sister. How could I say no? Next time, I’ll let you record everything.”

She nodded, but after a moment her embarrassment grew to concern, “You should be careful too. There could be repercussions to this kind of thing. Plus, there is still Abigail.”

“Abigail had nothing to do with this.” I waved my hand. “Don’t worry about it, I’ll be careful.”

She nodded, and then looking around she quickly gave me a peck on the cheek. “I love you, brother.”

“I love you too…”

She turned and walked away, but I felt pretty happy about the conversation. I went to sleep that night without worries.

Slut!

The next day, I came to my locker to see that written across the front. I had been getting more looks than I expected, and people were whispering behind my back. You’d think a bunch of seniors dogpiling on a younger student would be something they would keep from spreading, but it turned out the rumors were only getting worse. I had wanted to be careful and nip them in the bud, but I ended up only acting more and more recklessly. I supposed that I only had myself to blame. I closed my locker and walked away, pretending like I didn’t even see the word.

“Slut…” A guy coughed as I walked by, leading to even more giggles.

I stopped and then turned to the guy who said it. “Jealous you’re not getting any?”

His face turned red and he looked away. It was a weird thing to see on a guy a head taller than you. If I talked to this guy like that before, even if he did start it, I’d end up getting my ass handed to me. Now, he hid away the second I threatened him.

I turned away and kept walking. Although I felt like people were whispering and talking crap about me all day. I just dealt with it, grinding my teeth, until lunch. Then, I’d get to talk with a couple of interesting girls who I might even be able to call friends. However, when I reached the table, the girls had blocked all of the seats with their backpack. They also weren’t looking in my direction.

“This seat is taken.” The girl named Nora said, not meeting my eyes.

“Sorry…” Sophie added.

“Seriously?”

“Sorry…” Sophie responded again. “Just go.”

I bit my lip, nodding, but feeling genuinely upset for the first time. I left the table and found a place to eat by myself. Even there, I thought I heard my name a few times and received a few glances. Maybe, I was just being paranoid. I wanted to go talk to my sisters, but they were surrounded by people and seemed popular. I didn’t want to bring down their table by showing up.

I went to my last two classes without incident. School sucked. I had to just accept that. School had honestly not been that great in my previous world, right? At least my home life was a lot better. I could talk to Dawn about it or Mackenzie. Maybe, I shouldn’t tell Mackenzie I was being harassed. She would do something about it and it might even make things worse. Either way, my home life was still good, so I could live with a shitty school environment.

As the bell finally rang for us to go, the pretty math teacher called to me. “Noah, stay after class for a moment, will you?”

I nodded and sat back down. I saw a few looks as people left, some more snickering, but after facing it all day, it barely affected me. When the last student left, the teacher began erasing the chalkboard in front of the class. She was wearing a pair of tight jeans and a tank top. It was the kind of casual wear I never would have expected to see on a teacher, but it was only so normal here.

Boys had various dress codes. We couldn’t wear anything that showed our chest. Short shorts or anything that showed a bulge was considered taboo. Even shorts that just showed too much thigh were outlawed. Thankfully, I was the kind of guy who wore pants all year round. Even in the summer, it was difficult to find me outside of jeans. As for exposing my chest, I’d never gotten a shirt with a low V or anything like that.

“I’ve been hearing a lot of rumors spinning around you since yesterday.” My teacher said as she put her eraser down and turned around to face me.

She was a pretty girl in her mid-twenties. She had a small bosom, but nice hips, and a short stature. She had black hair that went down to her shoulders, a heart-shaped face, and some sensual lips that tended to attract the boys. I tried not to fill my head with sexual fantasies about her, especially after everything that had happened today. I had to show some restraint, right?

“Ah… the vice-principal already talked to me about it.” I said, thinking that this must have been an extension from the conversation she had yesterday.

“I’m your teacher too, so if there is anything you need to talk about…”

“It’s fine… just people running their mouths.” I said. “I’m not even sure what the rumors are. Just someone calling me a slut, I guess.”

“The rumors say you’ll sleep with any girl who asks.” She explained. “Well, they usually come out as insults. Of course, I punish anyone I hear using that kind of language.”

I snorted. “Well, thank you for your concern. I’ll consider it.”

The rumor wasn’t wrong, after all. I had said those words myself. I’d be more embarrassed if they had any examples, like the six seniors in the locker room. Well, perhaps social exiles weren’t the worst thing. I hadn’t flirted with or had sex with any girls today, right? I’d go home and at the very least, the rumors wouldn’t be getting any worse.

My teacher sat down in the desk next to mine, pulling the chair over and watching sympathetically. “I’m very concerned that this kind of thing might start affecting your grades. After all, you had to take a week off right before this drama started, so it will be a struggle for you to catch up.”

“It’s not that bad.” I deflected. “I have older sisters who had your class, after all. I can always get some tutoring from them if I asked.”

“That’s right!” She nodded sympathetically. “You come from a broken home, right?”

“I’m sorry?”

“Well, if your father was still around, it’d be fine, but you only had your mother and sisters to raise you. A boy like you being raised by all women, it has to be tough.”

“My father…” I made a face. “He doesn’t matter.”

“Well, every boy needs a father to teach him how to cook, and clean, and such…”

I glanced up at her, realizing she was leaning in pretty close to me. “Isn’t that… kind of antiquated.”

“Haah… you caught me. Friends like to tell me I have an old soul. I have a lot of traditional values. Women should open the door for men. Women should chase after men. That kind of thing.” She reached out and touched my knee. “What do you think?”

“Ms. Devon, what are you doing?”

“Call me Diana.” She shrugged her shoulders. “I already said, I’m just trying to help you improve your grades. I wouldn’t want to see them slip. As long as you work hard, I guarantee they’ll stay up.”

She watched my eyes carefully. I wasn’t a fool, so I could understand what she meant. I had been careful to try to not see her as another affair, and in the end, all that happened was she ended up becoming another affair! Part of me was extremely excited about this. I had sexual fantasies about her the entire year. This was a dream come true.

However, it was no doubt that this came just as rumors about me being a slut surfaced. My trustworthy teacher turned out to be a bit of a predator. I supposed that should be terrifying, but how could I see it that way. Glancing at the door, I licked my lips and then moved my hand onto her knee as well. She seemed surprised for a moment, but then her smile grew.

“I like decisive men.” She said. “Join me in the back for a bit.”

She stood up and then walked to the back of the classroom. There was a teacher’s office there which had a lock on it. What she was saying was abundantly clear. I felt like a nicotine addict trying to quit. I had made it through day 1, only to have to set it back to zero again. However, this was a teacher too. She wasn’t likely to start spreading around that she was banging a student. If I kept quiet, and she kept quiet, there was no one around to spill the beans and cause us pain.

Looking at it another way, younger girls were petty, stupid, and unstable. Maybe, I should have been sticking it in older women from the beginning!

I walked into the back and then shut the door, closing it behind me. Not only was I going to have sex with a beautiful woman, but I was also going to guarantee I had good grades! What could be better?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Now, let me see it!” my teacher giggled lewdly as soon as I closed and locked the door.

“W-wait a second…” I cried out as she immediately grabbed my pants.

She didn’t hesitate to fight with them to the point I thought the zipper would pop off. When she finally popped it open, she examined my cock through the underwear like she was considering what to do with it.

“Mm… it’s nice and hard. On the big side too. Guy’s with small dicks are just losers.” She muttered, half speaking to herself. “Now, let me see it!”

She pulled it out of the underwear and grabbed it fully. I panted slightly, looking down at her with excitement and anticipating eyes.

“You’re an obedient boy. I like it when you don’t resist.” She gave a small smirk. “Well, maybe you can resist a little. Now, give me a taste.”

As she spoke, her hand rubbed up and down on the shaft. When she finished speaking, she closed her eyes, dropping her head down on it without hesitation. She began to lewdly suck on it, bobbing her head back and forth with me pressed against the door. It felt amazing, and to this point, I had to say that she was probably the best at blowjobs from all of the women I had so far. The way she moved her tongue and lips was at a topnotch level, and she concentrated on it as if she wasn’t aware of anything else around her.

I had a feeling that if another person walked in, she wouldn’t even stop or notice them. Thankfully, we were in a locked back room and it was unlikely anyone would disturb us with the school day at an end.

She pulled back with a gasp. “It tastes so wonderful, and the smell is great.”

In this world, there were a handful of ways to reply. Usually, those ways seemed to be denial. Don’t smell it, or that’s embarrassing. The first time it had happened to me, I admitted I was just as guilty for fulling into such clichés. Instead, I looked at her seriously.

“If you keep it up, I’m going to cum down your throat.”

Her eyes widened for a second, and then she let out a throaty laugh. “My, my… I can’t wait.”

Rather than be discouraged, it seemed to only make her blowjob more intense. Slurp, Slurp, she sucked on it harder and harder, causing a strong tingling sensation to erupt all over my body. I had been half-joking when I said that, but her relentless skills had turned that into a reality. As a man that has grown up in the normal world, I was taught to hold out as long as possible. Yet, for women in this world, coercing an orgasm out of a man was exactly what they wanted. In that respect, my teacher Diana showed no mercy.

“Ah! I’m… gonna cum!” I gasped, grabbing the back of her head.

However, I didn’t need to force my cock into her to get it deep. My teacher seemed to do that willingly, sucking hard as her fingers started to stroke my balls. Compared to how much her tongue and lips punished the shaft, her fingers were almost too gentle. The discrepancy brought me the rest of the way, and cum started to shoot out into the back of her throat. She swallowed it with quick, skilled gulps. When I finally went soft, she pulled away and licked orgasmically.

“I love that taste so much.” She sighed. “To taste my student’s cum, I finally got to do it.”

“I’m the first?” I didn’t mean for my voice to sound like it held disbelief, but it did.

She shot me a wry look, and then guided me to her chair and pushed me down on it. She grabbed her shirt and then lifted it over her head. She had nice tits, although they sagged a bit with weight and age. They didn’t seem to defy gravity or anything. She then straddled across my lap. I instinctively grabbed her chest and started to fondle it.

She didn’t seem surprised by it, like many of the other girls I had been with. Instead, she seemed focused on her lower half. I realized that she didn’t have panties under her skirt. I found myself wondering if she had taken them off when I didn’t see, or if she hadn’t been wearing them at all during class! With no barrier between us, I could feel the wet, hairy snatch rubbing up and down on the bottom of my shaft. I had just cum, so I was soft, but the feet of her on top of me was already starting to bring it back to life.

“Come on, Noah… stick that big hard cock in me.”

She seemed to be having trouble on her own, so she started trying to get me to pick up the slack. Just by saying the words, my cock was already hard. I just pushed it up and lined it with her pussy.

“Yeah… like that, I feel it. Now push it in!” She moaned excitedly, her eyes bright with lust and lewdness I never imagined I’d see in my teacher’s eyes in my entire life.

I grabbed her hips and then pushed up into her, forcing it all in with one thrust. She let out a cry, tears forming in her eyes as she shook.

“Ahhh! Hah… Hah…” She moaned.

“A-are you okay?”

“Y-yeah… you’re just so big for a high school kid, I didn’t expect it.”

“Aren’t you married? I must be bigger than your husband.”

“Tcht… I make the students call me Ms. Devon, how did you even guess?”

“Your finger, it has some pale lines like you’re still wearing a ring.”

“You’re observant for a high school kid. Even the male teachers haven’t noticed. That’s why I hid it, to score with a few of them.”

“And you ended up with me instead.” I grinned. “I get to break open your tight pussy.”

“Damn… you can even dirty talk… so much better than my husband.”

“Shut up and move those hips.”

“Ahn… it feels so good, my hips are moving whether you tell them to or not.” She admitted as she rotated them against my cock.

“Then, let me show you what a guy can do!” I started to thrust up into her much harder, using enough force her large tits bounced in my face with each thrust.

My hands grabbed her hips tightly, and when she didn’t move fast enough for my tastes, I pulled up with my strength, bringing her body up and down on my cock roughly.

“Yes… oh… shit… yes… keep going… Noah… keep it up… I’m cumming! You’re making your teacher cum!” She excitedly cried out as I fucked her roughly.

My head was in her bouncing tits now, and I occasionally sucked or bit one. She was far too distracted to even respond at that moment and could keep bouncing up and down on my cock. I could feel a lot of liquid being released between us, and it was likely her chair was covered in sex fluids. It was probably best she didn’t have panties on, because they would have been unwearable after all of this.

“Right there… right there!” She had lifted one leg onto the arm of the chair and I had grabbed I as I continued to fuck her. “Just keep it up. Fuck that hole. Fuck the hell out of my tight pussy. Take it! Take my pussy! Ahhhhn… I’m cumming again!”

“It’s twitching so naughty I can’t stand it!” I laughed.

“I can’t help it, you’re making me go wild.”

“You’re so wet now.”

“St-stop teasing!”

“Move off me.” I decided to change things up, or I’d cum right away over her crazily twitching pussy.

“Wh-what?” She looked worried like we’d stop.

“Bend over!”

“R-really now…”

She seemed like she wasn’t used to this position at all, so I decided to get her used to it. Without waiting for her permission, I shoved her down over the desk and lifted her skirt. She left out a cry, but she didn’t fight as I lined up my cock into her already leaking pussy and slid it right in. She was so wet at this point, that it went in full depth without hesitation.

“Fuck! It hit my womb… so fucking deep!” She let out a cry of surprise.

“You’re saying that like you’ve never done this.”

“Guys don’t want to do the work during sex, so no, I haven’t.”

“Then, I won’t disappoint you!”

I slapped her ass, causing her to cry out before I started moving my hips as aggressively as I could. Her body trembled and I could feel the twitching again, although it came with a bit more padding as a buffer from this direction.

“Cumming a third time already?”

“I can’t help it… shit, you’re amazing.”

Thwack. Thwack. I was fucking her extremely aggressively at this point, and I could feel myself reaching my limit. I was covered in sweat and breathing hard, but I was extremely satisfied with the euphoric expression on her face.

“Ah… I’m going to cum in you!” I announced.

“S-stop, I’ll swallow it.” She tried to get up, but I didn’t allow it, forcing her back down. “No, I mean it, I don’t even let my husband do that.”

“Too bad!” I let out a laugh. “Fuck, so good!’

“W-wait… ahhh! I feel it! Shit… it feels amazing… it’s so warm…”

“I’m filling your womb with seed, teacher… how does that feel.”

“Fuck… I’m cumming again! You’re making me cum again!”

Her body shuddered as I unleashed a second load deep inside her. She was an adult though, so she was in a situation where she could take care of it.

“So much…” She whimpered as I finished cumming. “It’s even leaking out… you naughty student.”

“it’s your fault for having such a tight and dirty pussy.” I shot back.

“Damn… high school sluts are the best.” She said, her cheek against her wooden desk as she still gasped for breath.

“No…” I squeezed her ass. “I’m afraid that you’re wrong about that.”

She finally looked back, raising an eyebrow. “Huh?”

“I’m not a slut.”

“Hehe… of course you’re not.” She said insincerely as she tried to stand up, but then I shoved her back down.

At that point, I lifted a phone and snapped a picture of her bent over from behind with cum leaking from her crotch. Hearing the click, she turned around angrily. This time, I managed to catch one with her face as well as me in the image giving a victory sign.

“What the hell are you doing?” She said.

“Just giving myself some assurance. You did promise the grades, right?”

“Y-you…”

“Hey, you had fun. I had fun. Don’t give me that angry face.” As she stood up, I pushed her back down onto her chair, cum leaking from her crotch onto it too. “I just want to make sure you’re not going to mess with me down the line. That’s all.”

I hadn’t walked into it expecting to do this, but it came to me as we were having sex that any teacher who’d have sex with a student was probably not that good of a character. Like with that bully from before, I felt I needed a little collateral. Evidence of her banging a student would destroy her. I didn’t have anything against my teacher, but I decided to be a bit cautious here. If I had made the same considerations for Abigail, I wouldn’t be having problems with her right now. Then again, I supposed embarrassing photos of her wouldn’t hurt like a married woman.

“What the hell do you want?” Her previous good demeanor had disappeared from her face.

“I said… nothing other than what you promised. We can even do it again some time if you want.” I shrugged. “This is just insurance you keep your mouth shut, your womb baby free, and promises kept. We wouldn’t want your husband seeing this… let alone the school.”

“And how aren’t you a slut.” She cursed.

“Diana…” I reached out and stroked her cheek, causing her to turn it away with an ugly expression on her face. “I’m not a slut. I’m a man.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leaving the classroom where I just blackmailed my teacher, I realized that most of the school was over and the extra-curricular activities were in full effect. I felt like maybe I should have picked up some extracurricular activities with my family. In the past, my activity had always been videogames. As soon as I got home, I’d pop them in and spend the next three hours playing until the food was done. Then, mom would tell me I had to do homework after, and I would fly through it whether it was well done or not just so that I could return to video games. Then, when it got late at night, and I was convinced everyone was asleep, I would bring out my headphones and maybe look at a little porn, jerk off, and fall asleep. That was the cycle of my life.

Now, it seemed to be cooking for my family that was replacing the time I had spent playing video games. I thought I might be more annoyed by not having time to play games, but I was surprisingly alright with it. I didn’t know why, but I just didn’t feel as inclined to sit around all day and play games as I once did. It probably had something to do with my schedule being filled with other things to take my attention. As I was thinking of such things, I suddenly remembered someone I hadn’t talked to in some time. I dialed their number.

“Noah!” An excited voice answered, clearing having my number on their phone.

“Hey, Anna… you busy?”

I heard some static sounds like she was moving, followed by. “No! Not at all. Did you want to hang out, or something?”

“Yeah, can you pick me up from my school?”

“Of course! I mean, yeah, sure.”

“Then, hurry. I’m waiting.”

I left the school, keeping a distance from the locker room this time. I had a feeling that Mackenzie might be hanging around there just in case I thought about heading back. I didn’t. Although I was jumping back and forth between not regretting it a bit and feeling mortified that I acted that way, I thought it best to put it behind me and focus on one girl at a time from now on.

I sat on the side of the school that didn’t face the fields. I didn’t want to be seen by any of my sisters. While I was waiting, I called home and left a message telling them to get food on their own. Mom really couldn’t say anything if I didn’t feel like going. That was one good thing about being the man of the house.

Her familiar car ended up driving up the street. I took a glance around to make sure I wasn’t under the eyes of anyone, and then I jumped into her car.

“So, where do you want to go?” She asked.

“Out.”

“Out…” She nodded. “Right, out, we’re going out.”

She blushed when she said that last sentence, and then put the car into drive and left. I calmed down slightly as I saw the high school left behind in the rear-view mirror. I needed to stop causing trouble at school. It wasn’t just my sisters, but I’d personally have a heart attack if I kept giving myself more stress.

“What do you want to do?” She tried asking again once we were on the road.”

I leaned the chair back and shrugged. “I don’t know, you have any weed?”

“Weed!” She jumped in her chair, but then looked around. “Ah… I don’t have any. But… I know a girl who does! I’ll go get some and then we can g-go get high!”

“I was just joking. I don’t smoke weed.”

“Ah! Y-yeah… I don’t either…” She turned red.

I gave her a wry look. “Would you seriously smoke weed just to have a chance to fuck me?”

Her eyes widened and she just stopped herself from slamming the breaks. We still ended up getting a car beeping at us from behind.

“It’s not like that at all! I mean, I don’t want to… I mean… I do… but not right… damn it, I’m just going to kill myself right now.”

“Just relax.” I chuckled, enjoying watching her squirm.

I had been in her position before. There was this girl who always talked about getting drunk and would act flirtatious back when I was a freshman. I was ready to steal a bottle of my dad’s alcohol, something as old as I was and locked up in one of our cabinets, just so we could get drunk together and I had a chance to score. Of course, she was flirtatious with every guy, and I heard she got pregnant and then dropped out of school. It was the last time I ever saw her.

“S-sorry.” She said.

“Hey, how about we just go to the mall, okay?”

“Y-yeah…”

I had said the mall because there was a rather nice mall food court where we could both get what we wanted. I didn’t want to pick someplace and for her to hate it. Plus, I was using her for the car, but I wasn’t going to make her buy everything for me. It’d be less uncomfortable if we each got our own thing while at the mall.

At least, that’s what I had in mind, but I was surprised when she pulled me into a clothing store. Stranger still, after we walked, she didn’t look around but just turned to me. It took me a moment to realize she thought I wanted to go around clothes shopping.

“Ah, actually, I didn’t come here to look at clothing,” I said honestly.

I didn’t even know what to look at. It was guys’ clothing. It all looked fine. However, I had clothes on, and I didn’t need anymore. I saw no reason to be in there. Plus, the prices were really expensive.

“O-oh… s-sorry…” She blushed.

This time, I grabbed her hand and led the way, entering a store I wanted to go into. I dragged her into a video game store. She seemed stiff though as she followed me around, and as soon as I let go of her hand, she quickly drifted off. She seemed to relax when she got to the other side of the store. The system games she wanted to look at weren’t the same system that either Dawn or I owned, so I let her to it and started looking for games.

As a family with very little money, I didn’t usually buy very many video games. What I did buy was always the stuff that was on sale or clearance. Thus, I was always on the lookout to catch a good deal, which was what I was watching for now. I did have a little bit of money, but I wasn’t going to spend it on clothing. My only regret was that those girls at school decided to stop talking to me. I had hoped I’d have some gaming buddies. That was part of the reason I had dragged Anna in here too.

“Hey, do you need any help.” A girl came up from behind me and asked.

I turned back to see a girl who had to be in her twenties, possibly London’s age. Although, where London was in med school and rotating through a hospital, this girl was working at a video game store. Well, it wasn’t like I had any better plans. I kind of wanted to work at a gaming store too. I seemed to remember applying at this place once. That’s when a thought suddenly occurred to me.

“Hey, do you have any applications?”

“You’re interested?” She asked, smirking.

“Why, are you the manager?”

“I might be…” She laughed. “Do you know anything about video games?”

“I do!” I nodded, hoping that she didn’t ask any specific questions, which I probably wouldn’t know.

When it came to gameplay, this world wasn’t any different, and I could play pretty well. At least, I was able to give Dawn a challenge at home.

“Then, come in tomorrow. I’ll get the paperwork done.”

I blinked. “Just like that?”

She smiled and put her hand on my shoulder. “I think you’ll do great here.”

“Noah… let’s go.” I blinked and turned to see Anna standing there.

The expression on the woman’s face darkened when she saw Anna next to me. “I-is this your girlfriend?”

“We’re friends,” I responded, still a bit excited that I had managed to land a job that easily. “So, I’ll see you tomorrow?”

“You must interview first.” She responded. “Bring your completed application in tomorrow.”

“Huh? I thought you said…”

“I was just giving you an interview.” She responded and then turned away, walking back behind the register.

I was still surprised and confused, but Anna ushered me out of the store.

“What? Stop pushing me! What is the deal?” I complained.

“She was flirting with you,” Anna said.

“Huh?”

I felt I was pretty good at seeing girls flirting with me, but I had not noticed it with the employee at all. Then again, could she be obvious about it at work? She could probably lose her job is she was hitting on people.

“She was just giving that job so you’d sleep with her!”

“Cool.”

“What?”

“Ahem… I mean, I’m hungry. Let’s go to the food court!”

Sex with my teacher, and now I had guaranteed better grades. Sex with a manager, and now I could have a job too? My dick was turning into a money-making tool!

I had gotten money from having sex with that stranger the one time, but I had disregarded having sex to get stuff too much. I didn’t want to feel like a prostitute. However, when I was thinking that, I was talking about material goods. I wouldn’t have sex with someone so they bought me a phone or gave me money. However, grades, jobs, and other such things were probably okay, right?

I mean, isn’t marriage two people getting together so they could share resources. Women would take care of the home and give sex, while men gathered resources and made all the money. That’s why they called prostitution the oldest profession. In that way, if I used my body to get advantages in life, that’s no worse than a model, an actor, or a woman marrying rich!

“I’ll buy it! No, I insist.”

In the end, I couldn’t convince Anna to not pay for me. I started wondering if I could have gotten her to buy me a new outfit, or a video game. My qualms about such things were starting to slip away. Women got away with this stuff all the time, right? They’d date men just so the men bought them stuff. Of course, if it was really bad, they called them gold diggers, but I wasn’t that bad. I was even looking for a job, so I wasn’t any gold digger.

“What are you grinning at?” Anna asked, looking at me with a blank expression.

I had been lost in thought as we ate at the food court. I had gotten Chinese and was drinking from my cup while looking off, thinking about what else I could get, not just monetarily, but also benefits in society. I glanced at Anna and smiled.

“I’m thinking about how cute you are,” I responded.

She blushed. “Ah… r-really? I mean… I think, you too… um…”

“You want to go back to the car?”

“Hm? The car?’ she seemed lost by my train of thought.

“I figured we could… I don’t know… find someplace private? You know, where my sister won’t suddenly bust us?”

She nodded excitedly without hesitation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Mmm… Mmm… Mm!” Anna’s lips pulled away from mine. “You’re amazing.”

We were sitting in her car, and I was on top of her making out. She didn’t mind where my hands went either. I had full reign to feel up her chest, her body, and anything else I felt like. The only reason she was still wearing clothing was because of the awkwardness of fumbling around in the car.

We were parked in a local nature reserve in a spot that was away from the main street. I was never popular enough to be aware of where the best make-out spots were, and I doubted Anna had that knowledge either, so we kind of just found a spot that looked like it worked and hoped for the best. Twenty minutes later, the windows were fogged and we were kissing heavily.

It was freeing to not concern myself with the family for a day. Lately, I had been obsessing a bit after my sisters and mother, even to the point I might say I was lusting after them. Wasn’t it far more natural that I play with other women? Furthermore, Anna didn’t go to my school, so there was no such thing as bad rumors. I wasn’t saying I was going to abandon Samantha, but it was fine if I played with Anna a bit.

Finally I couldn’t take it anymore so I pulled her shirt up over her chest with her bra as well. Her breasts, which weren’t humungous, but were large enough, flopped out from the bottom of the shirt. I looked at them lewdly, not even having to concern myself with how she thought. Normally, a guy looks at a girl lewdly or obsesses over her chest, and he’s treated like a pervert. Meanwhile, when a girl looks at a guy with the same eyes, it’s considered hot and erotic. She blushed over me examining her breasts, but she didn’t look turned off at all.

I leaned down and took one of her nipples in my mouth, sucking on her breast gently. Her hand went and grabbed my hair as she gasped, her hips rising off the chair for a moment before resting back. My spare hand went and fiddled with the nipple of her other breast while I sucked the first one rhythmically. She gasped and shivered, her whole body reacting to her chest being played with. She was very sensitive to this kind of thing, it seemed.

“I-if you keep this up… I’m going to cum first.”

“What’s wrong with that?” I asked, grinning up at her.

“I’m a woman, how can I come before my man?”

I chuckled. “Is that how it is? Maybe you can just cum and cum again.”

“That’s rude!” She sniffed, wrinkling her nose. “Besides, a man’s desire is all that matters?”

“Oh?”

She shrugged. “I mean, if you think about it, biologically, who has to cum for a baby to be made?”

“I guess, guys…”

“See? Whether a girl cums or not doesn’t matter. She can get pregnant either way. Biologically, it’s men who need to cum during sex, and it’s a woman’s responsibility to make sure he does it, maybe even multiple times.”

“Multiple times?”

“Well, I mean… I know guys need some time to recover, but a good woman helps with that recovery.”

“You’ve done a lot of research on this, huh?”

She blushed. “What girl hasn’t… especially when I’m stuck at an all-girl school, all I can do it read about it.”

“You’re very cute coming from an all-girls school, keeping telling me a woman’s responsibilities toward a man.” I grinned.

“Are you making fun of me?”

“Nope.” I shook my head, but I had a wide grin on my face.

“You are making fun of me!”

“Not at all!” I grabbed her and twisted her nipples.

“Ahhn… don’t do that…”

“Maybe I want to watch you cum…”

“Wa-watch? Like one of those chat roulette sites?

“Well, in person.”

Although, now that she mentioned it, those sites were filled with guy’s jacking off, so now it had to be full of women. I hadn’t even considered taking a look. After finding 90% of porn had a male focus, I had concentrated more on reality, but I guess it was pretty easy if a guy in this world wanted a show, huh?

“I-if you want… just to watch…”

I had been speaking teasingly and casually, but I realized she was taking my words seriously. I sat back with a raised eyebrow as she took a breath and then raised her butt from her seat. Her tits were still hanging out, but that wasn’t a big deal for women in this world. Even if someone walked by, they’d just think it was odd she had her shirt up, and otherwise wouldn’t think anything of it. However, what she did next wouldn’t be so easy to ignore.

She pulled her pants and underwear down, revealing her naked lower half. She was unshaven down there, but her legs were clean and she smelled lustful and erotic. Looking around quickly, she raised a leg and leaned back against her window, showing me her body. I licked my lips, the smile on my face starting to fade as I realized she was going to do it. I had played with and had sex many times by now, but this situation was strangely erotic.

I wasn’t touching her at all, but I could see her naked body exposed to me, and she was doing something naughty just for me. She lifted and licked two fingers, and then started to rub her cunt. She let out a single hot breath and then closed her eyes as her fingers rubbed her nub roughly. She moved a lot faster and quicker than I did when I touched her down there. I guess she knew exactly how hard and where she liked it and didn’t have to worry about doing anything uncomfortable.

My smile had disappeared and my mouth fell open, excitement filling my eyes as she put on a show. Feeling extremely aroused, I reached out and squeezed her tit. While I touched it, I could feel the moving of her arm against the tit, rhythmically rubbing herself. Looking down at her snatch, I could see it glisten wetly, and even her fingers were making wet noises as she rubbed it harder and harder. When I looked up at her face, she was keeping her eyes closed, but she was panting now, and with each breath, I could see her expression change as she felt pleasure from her fingertips. Watching Anna touch herself like this was far more erotic than I would have ever thought.

“Stick your fingers inside,” I said, licking lips.

“Uh-huh…” She didn’t even hesitate, pushing her two fingers into herself up to the knuckles.

She began to push them in and out of herself, a wet, dirty sound filling the car, only just quieter than the sound of both of our heavy breathing. I never had the money to buy a camgirl online, although I had been advertised by dozens of them. I’d even gotten into conversations with women I thought were real, only for them to demand a rate just as things got heavy. This was better than any of that. I could smell her, hear her, and see every inch of her body.

I couldn’t control myself any longer, so I took out my cock and started to stroke it. She still had her eyes closed, so she couldn’t see me playing with myself, but I felt like maybe she sped up slightly when I did.

“Faster…” I panted.

I told her that because I was already so horny that I didn’t know how long I could last. Anna didn’t respond, but her fingers started moving faster and faster, the wet, lewd sounds growing as her fingers roughed aggressively. Her entire body began to animate as she rocked her hips against her hand. She was squirming, growing more and more aroused as she got closer and closer to her climax and less able to control her body.

I could no longer control myself, and I reached out and kissed her. Her tongue shot into my mouth like a flood gate, and she kissed me like she was mad with lust. At the same time, her body started to shake. She broke off and let out a moan.

“I’m cumming!”

Her body began to convulse and shiver as she reached orgasm. Her free hand grabbed my hand on her tit and shoved it down almost painfully, pushing it against her crotch. From the outside, I could feel liquid splattering out, as well as her muscles contracting as she had an orgasm. She went back to kissing me, while she used my hand as a toy, rubbing it against her cumming pussy. When she was finally done, I realized I hadn’t finished myself.

“Ah! Came before you!” She looked extremely disappointed. “Here, let me finish you off.”

“No, it’s fine…” I laughed, as she tried to go down on me, even as she was still shuddering from her orgasm.

At that moment, there was the slam of a door, and the two of us who had been playing erotically jumped, nearly falling out of the car. The pair of us turned to see that there was another car parked next to us. I had to wipe the window of steam to see outside. An older man had gotten out the passenger side facing away from us, and a woman got out on this side. She was an older woman, with a tattoo, piercings, and a leather jacket.

“Come on!” She said. “Get the fuck back in the car.”

I let out a breath. It seemed that the pair were having some kind of argument. They were just another group of parkers and not someone who was here to get us in trouble. I let out a giggle when I realized that, and Anna who was now calming down also laughed. She pulled her shirt down and her pants back up, but she was still eyeing my penis, clearly wanting to finish the job.

“Not with them right there,” I said, causing a disappointed look to flash on her face as I opened the window to cool off.

“Get away from me!” The man cried as the girl ran over to his side.

“Shut up! Don’t be a damn cocktease. You know you want this.” She grabbed on to the guy and shoved him against the car. “Stop being such a little cock.”

“It was just a ride! I didn’t promise anything.”

“You bitch… you didn’t even give me any gas money. I’m getting something from you. At least eat my pussy!”

“Stop… I really can’t.”

“Get down there!”

She wasn’t taking no for an answer and was even forcing him down on his knees. Anna looked very uncomfortable, her hand tightening on the wheel. I didn’t react at all, finding the whole situation odd, until my mental gap that allowed me to spin the situation around to this world’s common sense finally kicked in. This was the equivalent of being witness to a woman being sexually assaulted. Although it was a man, he was taught not to defend himself.

Another look at Anna and I could see her eyes filled with reluctance and fear. She was the ‘man’ in this situation. She was the one who was supposed to step up and protect the poor guy who was being taken advantage of. However, Anna was only 17, while that other woman was an adult who looked like she could hurt someone.

“Please, help!” The man called out, and for a moment I saw his face.

At the same time, his eyes met mine, and the pair of us locked onto each other.

“Help…” The woman laughed mockingly. “Who would help you?”

“Noah…” his words were so light, that I could barely hear them.

“Do you know that man?” Anna asked, her brow furrowing.

“Yeah… that’s my father.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I hadn’t seen my father in years. He had left all of a sudden, and my assumption had always been that he abandoned us. That was what my mother had led us to believe. However, it was only very recently I had learned that mom had been having an affair and that some of my sisters might not even be full sisters. This was the act that had made my father walk.

This didn’t stop my mother from being my mother. This also didn’t stop the fact that my father left, and we weren’t the only ones he abandoned. Coming from my old world, would you blame a man who left his cheating wife, who made him question even if his children were his own by blood? Now, flip that gender. Was it okay for a man to leave his children for any reason? Therefore, my feelings about my father were muddy at best.

So, when I saw him suddenly out of the blue, this caught me by complete surprise. This also wasn’t the same father I had remembered, however dimly after all of these years. This was the motherly version of my father, a man in this world, who had been hitching a ride to return to this city for reasons I couldn’t guess and had ended up getting into trouble as the girl had assumed some things about his intentions.

“Noah!” Anna hissed as I opened the door and got out.

Dad had a scared look on his face, which showed vulnerability I had never remembered on the man before. I had to keep reminding myself that this wasn’t the same guy. I couldn’t just punch him and get over it. This was a different person entirely. I still found myself wondering if he was scared of the woman groping him, or the fact that he had to face me.

As I came around the car to their side, the woman finally seemed to notice me. “Hello, cutie, what the hell do you want?”

I crossed my arms, “That’s my father. Can you leave him alone?”

Father shot me a look and then rolled his eyes disappointingly. Somehow, that irritated me even more. To my surprise, a bit of excitement seemed to flash in the woman’s eyes. While still holding my father against the car with one hand, she turned toward me and smiled.

“Your daddy, huh? Poor boy. I’ll let daddy go, but first, he has to give me what I want first.”

“Fine.”

She blinked. “Eh?”

“Fine. You want your pussy licked, right? You want to do it in the back of your car or the bushes?”

“Noah… don’t…” Dad cried out helplessly.

“Well, well, it looks like your son knows what a girl likes.” She chuckled, then looked back. “Even in front of your girlfriend. What a slut!?”

“You…” Anna had gotten out of the car, but she was on the far side, making sure she had two cars between herself and the other woman, and even then she looked like she wanted to run any second.

“What? You little cuck pissant! You gonna stop us?” The woman sneered at Anna.

She looked down, an angry, but fearful expression on her face, completely cowed by the older woman.

“Now that I think about it, why have one when I can have both!” The woman grinned, reaching out a grabbing my arm.

“What?” I cried out as she pulled me together.

“Mmm… a little father, son action sounds about right. I might even give you a little money.” She chuckled.

“Please… stop! Just let us go!” dad cried as I was pushed against him.

“Blllppp…” I made a face, causing the woman to grow startled for a second until I swallowed. “Sorry… just threw up in my mouth a little…”

The woman’s face relaxed and her lewd grin returned as she eyed us both. “Yeah, I’d like to taste one, and then the other, or maybe both at the same time. Why don’t the two of you kiss-“

“Fuck it, I’m out!” I used all of my strength and slugged her into the gut.

I was going to wait until she was in a more vulnerable position like she had her pants down, but I wasn’t going to listen to another word of that fantasy. What the hell was wrong with women? Rather, what the hell was wrong with men! A mother-daughter fantasy was superhot until you suddenly switched things! I was still fantasizing about my mother on occasion, but this hit the limit. I know, I’m a hypocrite, but I don’t give a shit.

“Let’s go!”

I grabbed my dad and pulled. Thankfully, the punch was enough that not only did she let go of us, but she fell back a few steps too. Anna was still staring at us dumbfounded as I rounded the assaulter’s car.

“Start the car. Start the fucking car!” I shouted while dragging my confused dad with me.

“You bitch!” I heard a roar from behind.

Anna snapped out of it and jumped into the driver’s seat. I opened the back seat and shoved my father in and jumping behind him. I slammed the door just as the screeching woman made it. She struck the window with quite a bit of force.

“I’ll fucking kill you!” I heard her muffled voice through the window as I locked the door.

“Go, Anna, fucking go! Just go!”

She was trying to adjust the mirror! She put the car in reverse as the woman switched to the passenger door, which was not locked. However, Anna started backing up just as she opened the door, and she ended up getting dragged back and falling on her face. She drove back faster and then hit the breaks, the door slamming shut. Then, she switched to drive and hit the gas.

We were on the street by the time the woman was back on her feet and running at us. We left her screaming, running body in the rearview mirror as we pulled away.

I was leaning back unnaturally in the car, and dad was still trying to straighten himself out. A moment later, I broke into laughter.

“Noah!” Anna cried out when she heard me. “How come every time I take you out, I feel like I’m committing a crime!”

I could only respond by laughing harder. A moment later, dad joined me, and the pair of us laughed as Anna left the park, taking dozens of unnecessary turns as she feared the woman would follow her. By the time she finally pulled over, still shaking, I had stopped laughing and had caught my breath. I finally turned to look at my father. When he saw me looking at him, his expression grew solemn too.

He might have been attractive, and he had a thin, boyish body that made him look younger than you’d expect. If someone said he was my older brother and not my father, it would be believable. Even next to London, some people might struggle to say who was older. He had mopish hair, a disarming smile, and a somewhat clean appearance. However, he couldn’t have had money, otherwise, he wouldn’t have been bumming rides.

“Why are you here, dad?” I finally asked.

He closed his eyes and smiled strangely. “You still call me that.”

“…”

His eyes opened again and he glanced at me worriedly. “I imagined seeing you again. I always thought you wouldn’t call me father anymore. It left me worried.”

“I know about mom,” I said. “I know why you left.”

“Oh.” He responded, and then silence followed.

About five minutes later, he leaned over to me. “Could we go somewhere to talk? Would your girlfriend mind driving us?”

“I-I’ll drive you wherever you want!” Anna cried out and then blushed.

Dad giggled. “She’s cute. She has a big sister?”

“Dad… no…” I shook my head, having multiple meanings to the look I gave him.

He leaned away, closing his mouth and wearing a sullen look. Another five minutes and we stopped at a small café. I ordered a drink. I got coffee, but dad ended up ordering some kind of cotton candy Frappuccino monstrosity covered in whip cream. Well, it wasn’t like I didn’t fill my coffee with cream and sugar. I preferred the raw natural sugar. It tasted better.

After taking a sip and licking the whipped cream from his lips with a sigh, he looked at me. “How is your mother?”

I looked down. “Doing her best.”

“And my… your sisters…”

He stumbled slightly on that. They may not all be his children. It had to sting.

“They’re good. Dawn is forgoing college to follow her dreams. Mackenzie is getting ready for college entrance exams. The others are growing up well.”

I didn’t mention London, who he had no relationship with anyway.

“That’s good…” he responded, remaining a bit quiet, but after a minute he spoke up again. “I suppose you want to know why I’m back in town?”

“Yes.”

He nodded slowly. “It’s nothing exciting. I needed my birth certificate, and they said they’d do it free if I am in person, while they’d charge to send it out. I was born here, so here I am to get it.”

“That’s it?” I could stop a bit of emotion from flooding into those words.

They aren’t what I wanted to hear. Then again, what if he said he had come just for me? What would I do if he told me that he loved me and that he came because he wanted to be a proper father? Would I even believe that?

“Look, sweetie… I am glad that I ran into you. I was planning to…” He stopped, biting his lip. “I’d check up on you. I have been checking up on you.”

I didn’t respond, but as the silence lingered, I tried to change the subject. “So… your birth certificate? Does that mean you have a new job?”

“I hope.” He smiled. “I got a job at a club. The pay is good. My life is good. I’ve been getting things under control.”

“Is that implying they weren’t under control before?”

His smile flickered. “I thought your mother said why I left?”

“Right? She cheated on you?”

He glanced at me for a moment and then nodded, smiling. “That’s right. When I found out she was having an affair, it devastated me. My life fell apart after that. It just… it took a lot of time for me to get back on track and recover. That was all.”

“I see…” I responded, “Maybe if you didn’t leave us… your life wouldn’t have been so disordered.”

This time, I couldn’t keep the anger from my voice.

“Hey… hey…” he responded, not looking offended at all. “Noah, I do care about you. You matter to me. I regret leaving you every day. However, if I had to do it again… I would have!”

“Bullshit.” I hit the table, causing Anna who was sitting three tables down giving us privacy to look over anxiously.

“If I had stayed, I would have just dragged everyone down. You, and your sisters. Look at you! You turned out great! You’re smart! You can keep your wits in a situation! Just look how you handled that nasty woman trying to take advantage of us!” He let out a laugh. “Just imagining her face when you socked her, it was priceless!”

“She did look pretty silly…” I responded, chuckling softly.

The pair of us laughed and dad leaned forward. “Was it your mom who taught you to punch like that?”

“No, it was…” I stopped and smiled weakly, nodding my head. “Yeah, it was Mom.”

“Then… you’re fine!” He grinned, leaning back comfortably. “I can’t change the past, but we can do something about the future, right?”

“The future?”

“After seeing you, I’ve changed my mind.” Dad smiled. “I’d like to stay here for a while. I’d like to be the father you never had.”

I bit my lip. Technically, that was impossible in this world. Mom was the father I never had. Dad was now closer to a mother figure, something I had experienced, and had never felt I lacked. Still, the offer was just too tempting to refuse.

“Okay… dad.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I gave dad the money I had left from the time I slept with that woman. I never really felt all that comfortable with that money anyway, and if it helped him stay in town, then it was probably worth it. Even if he stole it and ran, it wasn’t like it was money I had earned.

We made a plan to meet tomorrow night, and with that, we parted. I felt weird leaving him at the café, but he said that he knew the city and knew how to get around. He also said he did have money, he just needed to stop at the bank. The woman who decided to stop in a secluded spot was just being unreasonable. I relaxed with that and finally left.

Anna drove me home, and we stopped a few blocks from my house so there wasn’t an event like with London again. Anna still wouldn’t tell me what London said to her, and I had a feeling it was embarrassing. We sat in the car for a few moments, and I was a bit reluctant to leave. It felt good to think about myself for a bit. Getting out of the house, spending time with a cute girl, hanging out with my dad. Overall, this had been a better day than most.

“Thank you… Anna…” I said. “I mean it.”

She blushed. “I just… did what any girl would do…”

“What’s wrong?” I asked, feeling like something was off.

“It’s just… I did nothing. I just let your father… I’m sorry.” She lowered her head.

“I shouldn’t have forced you into that situation,” I responded, feeling just a bit guilty.

“No! I’m the woman. I’m supposed to be the one who steps up and acts bravely… but when it came to it… if you had seriously… gone through with what she wanted… I don’t know what I would have done. I’d like to say I’d stop it, but…”

“It’s fine. I don’t blame you for that.” I responded.

“I’m not even a woman… I couldn’t even make you cum.” She responded, sinking into herself even more.

I chuckled. It was true, I was pretty horny after watching the show. However, hanging around my dad had killed most of my arousal. Tonight, I was debating between slipping into Mackenzie’s room or Dawns. I wasn’t sure which sister I wanted to play with. However, at the moment, I couldn’t leave Anna miserable.

“It’s fine…” I put my hand on her leg. “I liked the show.”

That caused her to blush a bit, squirming under my touch. She was really cute some times.

“Noah… I… um… I like you.”

I blinked, my flirtatious smile faltering a bit.

“You don’t need to say anything back!” She said, waving her hands. “I mean, I know you’re just using me as a ride and to blow off stress. I don’t mind. I’m just saying… I’m not doing it just because I want sex… I mean, I do want sex, but I don’t want… ah, damn it, I shouldn’t have said anything.”

“It’s fine,” I said.

I was more surprised that this was the way she felt. I had thought that maybe she had convinced herself we were in a relationship or something. She was much more pragmatic and had a clearer view of things than I had thought she did. For some reason, it made me feel a little sad that she wasn’t expecting more. Then again, I suppose had our relationship been a normal one, she had shown herself lacking on the female front a few times, often staying back and letting me handle things.

I watched as her expression remained a bit down. I didn’t know if I could say I liked her back. I mean, I did, but I also had to recognize that her current view of me was probably not the healthiest. I didn’t want to lead her on. I had already let Abigail go on to think we were in a relationship, and now I have to confront her. As for Samantha, I had been clear about things, but I don’t think she got it. I still feared I might hurt her feelings at some point in the future. At least with Anna, she understood how things were, and wasn’t looking to change the status quo.

I grabbed Anna’s chin and lightly kissed her lips. “Don’t worry, one of these days, you’ll get sex. As for us, I consider you a very important friend, and I think it’s way better if we’re just friends who fuck, rather than trying to make it something more, right?”

“Ah… yeah… friends who fuck…” She started to cheer up, putting on a cute smile. “I like that.”

“I’ll see you,” I said my goodbyes and then left the car.

I checked my body to make sure there was nothing that would reveal what I had been doing earlier today, and then I headed home. When I walked into the house, I heard London talking and I looked in the living room to see London and my mom.

“That would probably be fun, but wouldn’t it be better if you took one of your sisters?” I heard mom say.

“It’s not really about me,” London admitted. “I mean, it’s Dan. Going on a trip like this, he’ll be bored out of his mind. I thought it’d be best to bring another guy along so he has someone to hang with.”

Hearing just those words, I had a bad feeling welling up inside me. At this point, both women had noticed me entering the room. Mom turned to me and smiled at me.

“Hey, sweetie, did you have a good time with your friends?”

“Wha- ah yeah, I did. What are you guy’s talking about?”

I had nearly forgotten that I had left a message saying I was going out after school with friends. It was now nearly 9, so it’d be about the time I went home. It looked like no one knew what I was doing. That was definitely for the best.

“Well, London is going on a fishing trip this weekend with her friends.” Mom made a face. “She wanted to see if you would come as well.”

“Seriously?”

I didn’t have any experience fishing, but I had always wanted to do it. However, London seemed to misunderstand the expression on my face, which was mostly just surprise. She leaned close and gave me a look, but for the life of me, I didn’t get what she was trying to tell me. She then dragged me closer and whispered in my ear.

“It’s a chance for us to spend some alone time together.” She said.

My eyes widened, but with mom watching, I quickly turned my head and faked coughing. London casually patted me on the back. She meant that she wanted to fool around a bit, and thought getting me away from my family filled with five sisters and a mom was the best way to do it. However, she also said Dan was going to be there, so I was a bit confused about what her plan was. Unfortunately, I couldn’t ask for specific details or I might come off strange. Instead, I put on a fake smile and nodded.

“That sounds fun.”

“Okay… I mean… it’s camping…” Mother seemed to give me a look like she just didn’t understand me sometimes. “If you’re into that, then I have no reason to stop you.”

London nodded excitedly and stood up. “Good! Good… we leave Saturday morning. I need to get back home now.”

She gave her farewell and then left. Mother gave me a single glance and then went to sit down, turning on the television. I found myself looking at her, thinking about dad. How would she react if she knew he was back in town? Should I tell her? Something told me not to. I felt like she’d somehow ruin it. At the moment, I was the only one who knew he was here. In a way, I had Dad all to myself. Otherwise, I’d be sharing him with my sisters, and I didn’t want that. I know I was being a little selfish, but I couldn’t help it.

I started heading back to my room, but as soon as I reached the hall, I saw Mackenzie standing there, waiting for me. I smiled weakly, but then remembered how I hadn’t finished with Anna earlier and was still a bit aroused. My look turned a bit more perverted.

She blushed, breaking eye contact. “Didn’t I tell you before? When you look at a girl like that, she just wants to tear you apart.”

“Maybe I want to be torn apart,” I responded.

She took a step forward, holding out her hand toward me as if she was going to touch my face. At that exact moment, the door across from my room opens and Kristy walks out. She’s wearing pajamas that expose her plump midriff, and she’s brushing her teeth. She stops when she sees the two of us.

“Why don’t you two just get a room.” She said with a mouth full of toothpaste.

Mackenzie lowered her arm as casually as possible. “You better make sure to rinse all the toothpaste down. I don’t want to have to clean the bathroom up after you!”

“Jeeze, you’re always such a boy.” She muttered, shaking her head and walking past her without a concern.

When she got to me, she grinned a minty, smile that wasn’t flattering at all. “You can do better than Big Sister.”

I grinned back, and then leaned closed. “Should I taste little sister instead?”

I reached around and squeezed her bottom. She jumped, letting out a noise of surprise. Her face turned completely red, and then she ran into the bathroom. I chuckled softly as she left. I rarely talked to Kristy, let alone had a chance to tease her, so it was pretty nice. She did have a soft butt. I was squeezing my hand in the air, remembering the feel, when I suddenly felt a dark and angry aura on me. I looked up to see Mackenzie staring daggers.

“I was just teasing her!” I responded weakly. “Mackenzie?”

She didn’t say anything. Instead, she walked forward and grabbed my wrist, and then dragged me into her room and closed the door. Just went I went to ask what her problem was, she kissed me roughly and then started to tear off my clothing. I had made Mackenzie jealous, and when Mackenzie got jealous, she needed to lay claim on me.

That night, I was able to experience some relief from the earlier events. I was relieved many times, and Mackenzie also made sure to mark me as her own a few times too. That’s to say I ended up with two hickies, one on my neck, just low enough to hide with a shirt, and one on my leg, in a somewhat embarrassing position. All I could say was that I was glad she had a platform bed and a memory foam mattress because otherwise there was no way to keep quiet without how she rode me on top.

She had shoved me on the bed and then bounced up and down on my cock with extreme exuberance. She kept her voice quiet, and would even cover my mouth if I got too loud, but no matter how I screamed, she didn’t let up until she had made me erupt like a fountain enough times that I couldn’t have moved. It was the first time I was exhausted after… and I was lying down doing nothing! I always thought women who were tired after sex was just full of shit, but when you were getting it hard enough, you could be put in a coma!

After we were done, and she held me in her arms, my face pressed against her naked breasts, I started thinking to myself that I should find new and better ways to make her jealous. Mackenzie was the most exciting when she was jealous.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next morning, I came out of my room feeling refreshed and pretty good about myself. I had a good night with Mackenzie, sneaking into my room late at night and then having a comfy sleep. I took the bus for the first time. Although I was pretty sure there were still whispers going around about me, my sisters were on the bus too and so people were hesitant to speak too loudly in case the wrong ears hear and rebuke them.

I didn’t mind that much. The catty, snarky looks from men were almost comical to my brain. I just couldn’t keep them serious. As for women, my new reputation as a slut caused more girls to leer at me. Rather than feel embarrassed or beat down, I felt like the most popular guy at school. Any one of these girls would throw themselves at me if I just put out a little, and that knowledge was extremely refreshing. Sure, there were a few girls who glanced at me with disgust, but in my original world, that amount was much higher.

Just because women were giving me the eyes, didn’t mean that I was going to sleep with them, or engage in another orgy like that one a few days ago. I could be selective now, so there was no reason to settle for certain women. I already had several beautiful sisters, Samantha, my teacher Diana, and Anna. Just because I liked the attention didn’t mean I felt the need to respond to all of the attention. Just because I imagined screwing these women didn’t mean I’d whip out my dick for any one of them. It felt satisfying.

I waited through the first part of the day wondering how my interactions with my teacher would be. Would she want to continue this relationship between us? Would she act as if nothing happened? Would she grow flustered when she dealt with me? It was enough to catch my interest and distract me from a long boring school day. Thus, I was busy thinking about such pointless things when I walked to the cafeteria only to hear a fight going on. There was a ring of girls and guys watching, and a few people were shouting fight. These were students from the lunch period before mine, so I wasn’t going to pay it any mind. That was until I heard a shout.

“You fucker! You’re not going to touch Noah!’

My eyes widened, and I pushed forward, looking over people’s shoulders only to see Samantha standing in the middle of the circle. She was punching another girl, and that girl was Abigail! Abby slammed her hand in Samantha’s gut, causing her to stumble back.

“He’s my man! Don’t think you can just move in on someone else’s territory.”

“He doesn’t belong to you! He doesn’t want to be with you!”

“He’s mine, you cunt. Back off or I’ll fucking kill you!”

“Fuck you!”

The two started brawling again. I winced as I heard several loud hits connect. The two women ended up on the ground. I tried to push forward to put a stop to it, but the crowd was too thick. Two teachers managed to push through first, and then reached down and grabbed the pair, yanking them apart. Samantha had a fat lip and Abigail had a black eye. Both women were still trying to swing at each other, but a security guard got involved and they were finally pulled apart. Other teachers forced the crowd to disperse quickly as they started dragging both girls off to the office.

“What has gotten into the pair of you!” A teacher denounced. “You were both such good students.”

I felt a little bad at those words. I had been lazy and decided to have Samantha break things off between Abigail and me. It was clear that she didn’t handle it very well, and now both women were in a fight. I thought about stepping back and just pretending I didn’t see this, but seeing the damage to both women, I stepped forward in front of where the teacher and guard were dragging the two girls. When Samantha’s eyes landed on me and she noticed me for the first time, her expression turned mortified. As for Abigail, she sneered like she had made some grand achievement and was proud of it.

“Excuse me, I fear I’m to blame for this,” I spoke up.

The teacher stopped, looking me up and down. “I take it you’re Noah?”

I nodded. “Do you want me to come along?”

The teacher sighed and shook her head. “Don’t worry yourself too much. You’re not responsible for two women being dumb and violent. You know how girls get. They’ll just get a slap on their hand, and you can work this out with them after school! Understand?”

“Y-yes…” I responded, feeling a bit complicated.

I had all but instigated the fight, but even then the blame fell on them completely. I felt like I had gotten away with murder, and it left an uneasy feeling in my gut. However, there was nothing I could do about it.

“Noah?” A voice called from behind me as I was watching the two women taken away.

I turned back to see Nora standing there. She was one of the three girls I tried to be friends with, only for her to backpedal the next day.

“What is it?” I asked, looking at her just a bit suspiciously.

She blushed and looked down. “I saw the fight between the pair of them. Samantha… she’s your girlfriend, right?”

“Yes.”

“And Abigail is your ex?”

“I guess so,” I responded.

“After we started hanging around you, we were subtly threatened. Someone put a note into each of our lockers the next day telling us to stay away from you.”

“What?” My eyes grew wide, but the look on Nora’s face didn’t seem like she was making anything up.

“I’m sorry…” She said weakly, “We also heard a lot of nasty rumors about you. They said you liked to use women and were a fake gamer and all kinds of things.”

“Why are you telling me this now?” I asked.

“After seeing that, well, the rumor is that Abigail has been spreading all of those rumors about you the last week. Since she’s your ex… it makes sense she would do that to you.”

“…”

“Anyway.” She said awkwardly when she realized I wasn’t going to respond. “I just thought someone should tell you what was going on.”

She turned and walked away. I noticed that she didn’t say I could go back to talking with them again. I guess they were still scared of Abigail. Knowing that Abigail was the reason behind all of the nasty rumors didn’t make them any less worried that she might retaliate on them. I spent the rest of the lunch by myself. At one point, Kelsey stopped as she was walking by and asked me if she needed to kick anyone’s ass for me. I told her it was more likely she’d get her ass handed to her, which caused her to leave while grumbling to herself.

A few hours later, I was in the class with our teacher Diana. Her eyes snapped to me when I entered the door, and then she looked away. From then on, for the rest of the class, she distinctly didn’t look at me. My original plan was to stay after class and see if I could get her into playing some more, but considering what happened earlier, I wanted to see if I could get in touch with Samantha. When the bell rang, I left with everyone else. I was out of the room before the teacher even realized it, so I wasn’t able to see how she was going to react to our previous time together. However, we did have a quiz today, so I was eager to see how my grades ended up.

I ended up going straight to Samantha’s locker and waiting there. It was nearly a ten-minute wait before I finally saw her approaching me. Her lip was split, but she had a baggy with ice that she could put on it. She also had a shiner on her cheek.

“My dad is pissed.” She said as she approached me, giving a goofy smile.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t think that would happen.”

Samantha shook her head. “It’s not your fault. It’s Abigail. She has this grand relationship with you built in her head. You’d think the pair of you had been dating for years the way she talks.”

“We’ve never been on a date.”

Samantha came forward and wrapped her arms around me. This caused a couple of people nearby to glance at our direction, but she didn’t seem to mind at all.

“I’m here for you.” She said, reaching up and patting the top of my head. “I’m your woman, so I will look after you.”

The way she said that both caused me to grow a bit excited, but also a bit incredulous. It was a complicated feeling having someone declare they’ll protect you.

“According to some people I know… she’s been the one spreading those nasty rumors.” I said, trying to kill the strange atmosphere.

Her expression turned dark. “I figured as much. She wants to slander your name so no one else will want you.”

“Yeah, I see that.”

She squeezed me in her arms. “She didn’t succeed. I will always want you, Noah. She can shove off.”

“Really, then, um… I guess we should go on a date? Tonight?”

Samantha’s face went white, and then she scratched her cheek. “I’m grounded again. Yeah, as I said, dad was really mad. Mom was kind of proud of me. I bet if I asked her, she would let you could come to have dinner with us!”

“I bet she would…” I responded wryly.

“What?”

“N-nothing! Um, I’ll take a raincheck on dinner. I didn’t make dinner for my family last night and they’ll start getting grumpy.”

I just wasn’t in the mood to go to Samantha’s house to dodge sexual assault attempts from her mom. I also didn’t know how Mackenzie would act if I hung out with Samantha again. The twins would tell everyone else about the fight today, so I’d have to answer for two girls fighting over me. Once Mackenzie heard Abigail was one of them, it might even get a bit ugly.

“Then, maybe Friday?”

“Friday, I have a trip with my half-sister and her boyfriend. We’re going out fishing.”

“Fishing?” Samantha blinked. “Ah, I’m not a fan of that.”

Well, London would kill me if I invited a girl, so I wasn’t offering it, but it was good that Samantha wasn’t interested.

“Wait… what time is it?” Samantha looked at her watch. “Shit! I’m going to miss the bus! I’ll talk to you tomorrow!”

“Yeah, okay.” She kissed my cheek and then turned and ran off.

With a sigh, I turned around and started to head the other way. I was thinking maybe I could still catch Diana and make her squirm a bit. However, I didn’t even turn a corner before I ran into the girl I didn’t want to see.

“Abigail…” I said. “Um… sorry, I should have just said things earlier, but I think we should break up.”

“No.”

“So, yeah, I’m… what?” I blinked as she took a step forward.

“I already said, you’re mine. So, we’re not breaking up.”

“Um… well, I’m not okay with that?”

“Then you better get okay with that!” She hissed, and then pulled out a small little picture booklet and handed it to me.

I frowned, taking it and opening it. Instantly, I saw naked pictures of me. Some I knew about. These were the ones taken when she came over to my place. However, the majority of them consisted of me with the six women in the locker room.

“You… set me up?” My eyes widened.

“I paid them to force themselves on you, but I didn’t expect you to act so willingly.” She responded angrily. “You are just a stupid little slut, apparantly.”

“What do you want?”

“We’re going to have a lot more fun together. We’ll start tonight. Didn’t you just say to Samantha that we never had a date? It’s about time we fixed that.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was night outside as I slipped out the front door. I had pretended to go to bed early only to slip out once everyone went to sleep. That was easier said than done in a house filled with women, but I managed somehow. I was wearing a long trench coat. It felt ridiculous, but it was part of the demands Abigail had put on me, so I could only follow along.

This was our supposed date, although I was being threatened to go on it. I went along with her demands not because I was scared, but because I was curious. It wasn’t like I couldn’t flip the circumstances around and understand how screwed up this situation was. It was rather that just because this world was flipped, didn’t mean I was. I was still me. I was physically stronger than Abigail, and I wasn’t afraid of her. Instead, I hoped if I played along, I’d get a way to frame her back. I could blackmail her just like I blackmailed my teacher, but for that, I had to interact with her and get evidence.

Any other guy may have been in tears crying that his life was ruined, but I wouldn’t be the helpless prey in this situation. It wasn’t that I was underestimating Abigail, it was more that I was certain she was underestimating me.

There was the lightest beep of a car horn in the distance, about four houses down. My eyes caught Abigail in what I presumed was her vehicle. Her house was in walking distance, but she hadn’t told me to go to her house. All she had said was come out to the front of mine. I guess, she wanted to take me somewhere on this so-called date.

With a sigh, I made sure my coat was covering me and then walked over to her car. The door was locked, and I had to knock on her window before she unlocked it. I got in and sat in the passenger seat. The car was a bit messy, with something spilled on the dashboard she had never cleaned and some trash at my feet. She sat behind the wheel, not looking at me even after I got my seatbelt on and turned to face her.

“You’re wearing a coat.” She said as she set the car into drive and peeled off down the street.

“Did you expect me to walk out of my house in what you demanded I wear?” I shot back. “If one of my sisters saw me in it, they’d freak.”

“Take it off.” She said in a no-nonsense voice.

I rolled my eyes, but I did as she instructed, pulling back the coat. This was truly extremely embarrassing. It was wearing a sleeveless skintight shirt that my nipples almost poked through. It had a somewhat low neckline which barely covered my chest. Furthermore, she had me wear these pants that were tight in the crotch. More than that, there was a distinct bulge no matter where I tried to put my dick. It wasn’t that embarrassing for a model, actor, or sportsperson, but for a former introvert like me, I felt shy.

However, this was apparently what girls liked to see. I supposed it’d be the equivalent of a tight dress that shows off her ass and has her tits popping out. Then again, I wasn’t technically exposing that much skin, so maybe it was closer to a girl in skin-tight yoga pants and a tank top. Either way, this was in the bag of clothing Abigail had bought for me, and she had demanded that I wear it on our so-called date.

Of course, had I truly not wanted to do it. I wouldn’t have done it. I was just a bit curious about how effective it would be. In a normal world, the girls would all take one look at me and turn away in disgust. For once, I was intrigued by the idea of being eye candy. At least, that’s what I saw this ridiculous get-up as.

“Where are you taking me?” I asked her once I had my coat off.

I was just a bit annoyed she hadn’t taken a look after making a big stink about me having it. She had bought it for me, so if she wanted to see me in it, she should stop acting tough.

“A club.” She responded.

I raised an eyebrow. “We’re underage.”

“I have a fake ID, and I heard the guards will let cute boys in regardless of the age. That’s why you’re dressing provocatively.”

“Oh?”

“N-not that I permit you to flirt with any girl! I’ll kick their ass just like I beat that bitch Samantha!”

I seemed to remember the fight being rather even between the two, but I decided not to point that out.

“What is it?” She demanded.

I realized that I was grinning while looking at her and broke contact. “I just thought you’re cute when you’re jealous.”

Her face turned red, and for the first time, her stony look broke with emotion. However, she quickly recovered, and then drove even faster. I was worried she was going to get a ticket, but when I asked her drive safe, she ignored me and I didn’t even get an answer, so I just held my seatbelt and hoped I didn’t end up in trouble. We finally did pull up to a club.

I could hear the sound of music and voices from the parking lot. There was flashing neon lights and a long line. I knew some people at high school snuck into clubs, but I was the kind of guy who didn’t even know where they were, let alone how to procure stolen IDs to get into one. Suffice it to say, I was a little excited. Getting into a club was on a list of things I had always wanted to do. I figured I’d eventually go when I turned 21, but even then, I didn’t imagine going with a cute girl. I imagined it being a lonely, pathetic affair.

Leaving the car, I immediately wanted to grab my coat and cover myself again. I took a deep breath, shutting down all those feelings of shame and rejection. That was from a different lifetime. In this world, things were different.

Abigail came to my side of the car and grabbed my arm, pulling me to the side of the club and into a long line. There were numerous girls and guys, most of them older than we were. On average, they were usually around London’s age. However, London never could party, since she had her job to worry about.

What men and women wore wasn’t too different in this world. The main difference was the attitude behind wearing them. Women’s outfits came off more practical. Although some wore dresses, they usually had pockets. It was much more common to see a pants and blouse combo. Furthermore, there was a subtle degree of laziness in their dress. They would comb their hair and put on makeup, but not even girls spent all that much time doing it. They looked a lot more natural, and a lot less fake. On the other hand, the guys did show more skin. Shorts and sleeveless shirts were common. Most of the clothing was tight. What I was wearing wasn’t even the most ridiculous outfit I had seen.

Some men also wore makeup, and the attentiveness to their hair couldn’t be denied. I found myself touching my hair and feeling a bit inadequate that I had only tossed a little gel in it and combed.

Abigail didn’t speak much as we waited in line, and I was wondering if the reason she wasn’t talking was that she didn’t know how. She was a socially awkward girl from the moment I met her. Yeah, she could make a fake ID, likely using some of the same skills that had gotten her into the perverted up-shorts that she was doing with Dawn, but that didn’t mean she was a girl who knew how to socialize. I had a feeling some of her rough demeanor with me was because she had trouble opening up and expressing her true feelings.

I chuckled softly to myself, causing Abigail to shoot me a look. “What is it?”

“Nothing…” I smiled, reaching out and tucking some of her hair behind her ear.

She stiffened but didn’t say anything. The reason I was laughing was that another thought had come to me. The way I was excusing her behavior, I wondered if that was similar to the way women would excuse the behavior of angry or abusive men in my old world. Well, she had never technically abused me yet, and when it came to blackmail, I was just as guilty. I decided I was just going to enjoy this date, and take it as a chance to do something I had never had the chance to do before.

“You have an ID?”

I realized I had made it to the front, and a woman was standing there in a pants suit eyeing me up and down. She wasn’t an ugly woman, but she did weights and I had a feeling she could kick my ass, let alone Abigail.

“I don’t…” I responded, suddenly feeling stupid for coming here.

Abigail had said she’d just let me in, but how could that be the case? She couldn’t know for certain, and since I didn’t have a fake ID like her, this was over before it had even started. However, the bouncer didn’t immediately send me on my way. Instead, she looked me up and down one more time as if checking out my body. Then, glancing left and right, she opened up and lifted the velvet chain.

“There was a bit too much pussy in the club tonight, get on in.” She declared.

I smiled at her, which caused her to stiffen, and then walked past the rope and into the door entrance. Abigail went to follow me, but the large woman suddenly dropped the rope and clipped it, then held up her hand, shoving Abigail back.

“I’m with him!” She cried out angrily, pulling out her ID.” I’ve got an ID!”

“I said we got too many women in there. Needs more cute guys like him, not losers like you.” The door guard snorted, snatching her ID and glancing at it only briefly. “Looks fake. I’m going to toss this out.”

“The hell?” She tried to take a step forward, but the other woman squared her shoulders, and I had a flash of the battle from before repeating itself, except Abigail ending up a bloody mess.

Before things could get worse, I lightly tapped on the woman’s shoulder. She turned back, looking at me with a glare. However, when her eyes landed on me, they seemed to soften immediately.

“Um… can you please let her in? She’s kind of my ride, and she’ll make sure I get home safely tonight.” I tried to use as simple of an excuse as I could come up with.

The guard scowled for a second but then sighed. “Agh… you remind me of my little brother. I guess every cute boy needs a cucked designated driver. Be safe, cutie.”

She opened up the bar, giving Abigail the go-ahead with a jerk of her head. Abigail was still pissed, but she took the opportunity. She wasn’t dumb enough to intentionally get into a fight with the woman. I noticed that the guard still kept the license. I guess that was her punishment. Abigail would have to get a new one. At least we got in.

“You shouldn’t have interfered. I could have taken her.” Abigail complained, making sure she was well out of earshot of the guard before saying such a thing to me.

I didn’t want to hurt her pride, but this time I couldn’t stop myself from laughing. “Just be happy your cute boyfriend got you in.”

I patted her cheek. She stared at me with her mouth open, not knowing how to respond to what I just said. However, before she could come up with something, I heard a yell. Turning to the source, I saw a man dancing topless on one of the tables while a bunch of women was shouting and hooting at him. When my eyes focused on who he was, my eyes nearly popped out of my head.

“Dad?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Will you get down from there?” I hissed, walking over to my dad, who was still dancing on a table.

“Noah?” He blinked, and then immediately let me escort him off the table as he still gawked at me dumbly. “Boy, how you doing?”

I could smell alcohol on his breath, and it was pretty clear he was very tipsy. As he stumbled off the table, half grabbing on to me to keep himself from falling over, there were several boos as nearby women were angry he got off the table. I even heard a few shouts like ‘take it all off’ and ‘why don’t you join him.’ I was better at ignoring such comments again. I didn’t want to have such disgusting thoughts aimed my way again.

Abigail, who had previously still been tipsy, approached the pair of us while giving my father and me questioning looks. I gave her a weak smile and nodded to my father.

“This is my dad… I guess…”

“Hello.” Dad pushed forward and grabbed Abigail. “You’re pretty cute. Are you my son’s girlfriend?”

Her eyes widened and her face turned red. I grabbed his hands, peeling them off of her. Abigail looked a little flustered, but dad seemed to be completely clueless, still grinning like an idiot.

“Dad! What are you doing here? Is this how you’re spending the money I gave you?” I demanded.

“What? Ah… no… no… I have a girlfriend who has been buying my drinks. I haven’t paid a dime!” Dad looked over at a woman who was sitting at a certain table.

She had a strangely dangerous vibe around her and was sitting with her legs spread watching dad with a strangely predatory look. Dad winked at her, and she only responded with a slow nod, her hawk-like gaze not changing.

“I’m not sure if she’s… um… right for you?” I didn’t know how else to respond.

“She’s fine!” Dad chuckled, slapping my shoulder. “You’re worrying too much. Why don’t you join me? I’ll introduce you to some hot girls. They’re not just hot, they have money.”

“Dad… I don’t know about this.” I felt a bit strange, having never seen or even imagined my father acting like a bar skank.

For the first time, dad seemed to sense my hesitation. He put his hands on my shoulder.

“You used a fake ID to get into this club, didn’t you?”

“Ah!” I didn’t need the ID, but I was still in the club underaged.

“It’s fine…” He smiled. “I did things just like that when I was your age. Sometimes, you just want to experience something new. I’m the same way. I’ve been experiencing a lot of stress lately, and this was my chance to unload. If a cute girl can buy me some drinks and we can have a fun night, is there anything wrong with that?”

I slowly shook my head. I had always looked down on party girls in my old world, but in truth, if I could have someone buy me drinks and fawn all over me all night, that would at least be an experience I’d want to try. Who could blame someone for at least trying it out?

“That’s my kid!” He laughed. “Come on, I’ll introduce you.”

“Ah, but…” Dad was already dragging me away when I remembered Abigail and turned back. “I’m here with Abby.”

Abigail was staring at us. Rather than looking pissed like before, she had a strangely complicated look on her face, as if she didn’t know how she was supposed to react. She always acted extremely aggressive, but perhaps being in front of my father, she just couldn’t exude that same level of attitude. Plus, the three girls at the table dad was dragging me to looked much stronger than Abigail. They weren’t at the level of the bouncer, but they looked pretty tough and had an air of danger that Abigail didn’t.

Dad pulled away from me and grabbed Abigail’s hands. I tensed for a moment, but dad was still acting very lucid and speaking clearly. He must have sobered up after realizing his son was present. I supposed even parents had to unwind sometimes.

“Abby, was it?”

“Ah… yes, you’re Noah’s father?”

“I am… you see, I left when Noah was young, and we’ve only recently re-connected. We were going to hang out in the weeks to come, but this is an opportunity for both of us to just let loose for an evening. Don’t worry, I won’t let him do anything I wouldn’t do.” Dad winked at her.

I had feared that Abigail would get angry and aggressive with my dad, so I was surprised that she was acting almost sheepish.

“That… I guess… it’s fine.” She responded, not meeting dad’s look in the eye.

Dad turned away from Abigail and grabbed me, pulling me along. I looked back at Abigail, but she had her head lowered. Feeling a bit worried that this was going to cause more trouble for me, I pulled out of my dad’s hands. He glanced over at me in surprise.

“I’ll be right back.”

I ran back to Abigail and hugged her. “I know I’m being selfish here. I’m sorry.”

Abigail looked even more embarrassed. “Ah… I mean, it’s your dad. It’s whatever.”

“Thank you.” I kissed her on the cheek.

“Y-yeah…”

With that, I turned back, noticing dad giving me a creepy grin. I suppose it was supposed to be teasing, but it wasn’t the kind of look I ever wanted to see on a man. Of course, that kind of thing I was constantly having to deal with since waking in this world. Seeing men act like… well, women, was a difficult thing to grasp. Seeing my father do it when I barely knew him in the other world made it even worse.

He grabbed my hand again, and I had to push down the strangeness of it all. After all, how many chances did I have to hang out with my dad? How many more would I have in the future? He led me to the table with the woman who was paying for dad’s way and her two friends.

“Hey, this is Nanny, Little G, and Parker.” Dad introduced the three.

Those were names? I barely kept from bursting out laughing. The girls were dressed in blue t-shirts with large necks that exposed their shoulders and necks. They were wearing bras, but they could be seen through the shirts and the straps over their exposed skin. They had baggy pants on, and they wore thin leather belts. All three girls were dressed the same, which made me wonder if it was coincidence or if they were synchronizing their dress.

Nanny was the girl in the middle, the one with a somewhat mean look. She had a piercing through her eyebrow and I had the distinct feeling she had a few tattoos, although I didn’t see them on her exposed skin. She had dirty blonde hair, which she had wrapped up in a bandanna. There was also Little G, who had almost no chest, which is why she was probably called little G because she wasn’t much smaller than the other two women. She was black and wore a blue beanie on her head.

Parker looked to be South American, but I couldn’t peg what country she came from. She had tan skin and a dark complexion. Her eyes were nearly black, and so was her hair which she wore up in ponytails that looked almost youthful. All three women appeared to be in their twenties, perhaps a few years older than London. They were much too young for dad, and a bit old for me.

“Who’s this then?” Nanny asked, eying me up down in a look that if a guy did it in my old world, it’d be considered insulting.

“Ah… this is my son.”

“Father and son… nice…” Little G chuckled.

Nanny slapped her shoulder with the back of her hand. “Don’t be gross. Come here, cutie… give mommy some love.”

Dad walked over to her, and then she grabbed his hip and pulled him down on her lap. He gave a little cry, blushing slightly, and I was fighting the urge to bleach my eyeballs.

“Sit,” Parker said to me. “Have a drink.”

She pushed a shot in front of me. My opportunities to drink were limited, and if it came to drinking at a bar, I’d never done it. My parent was right there and seemed to have no problem with it though. I reached down and grabbed the shot, brought it up, and drunk it in one gulp. The liquid ended up burning my throat, and I broke into a fit of coughing. The three women broke out into laughter, and even my dad chuckled.

“He chugged it all down. Not bad, sweetie.” Parker grabbed me and sat me down on the chair next to her.

She didn’t pull me on top of her as Nanny did with my dad, but I was close enough that we were touching. I could also smell her body. She didn’t smell gross or anything. Rather, she smelled really good, and she was quite attractive. She had a nose ring and I did see a tattoo on her breast. I could only make the edge out. She noticed me looking, and in a single motion, grabbed her bra and shirt and pulled it aside, showing me her pert brown boob.

“You like this?” She asked.

“I do!” I said before I could stop myself.

“It’s a skull and bones. Boys like you tend to get scared by tattoos like that.”

“Huh? Oh, yeah, that.” I couldn’t stop myself from blushing.

I had been staring at her tit, but she had been showing me the tattoo. It was a burning skull. It was kind of graphic, but with that pert brown nipple only three inches away, there was no way I caught the details. She put her shirt back, covering her chest back up regretfully. However, when she noticed me still staring, she grinned.

“You’ve ever tasted a Cuban woman?” She asked, her hand suddenly dropping down and touching my leg.

“No,” I responded.

“Hehe… you’ll taste one tonight, baby.” Her hand moved up my inner thigh.

I instinctively looked back to where Abigail was. However, she wasn’t present anymore.

“Looking for your little girlfriend? Eh… she ran away. You’re with a real woman now.”

“You’re so shameless!” Little G grunted. “His father is right there.”

“Daddy doesn’t mind, do you?” Parker asked, shooting my dad a look. “I’m going to play with your son a bit.”

“Th-that’s fine…” dad gasped, and it was only then that I realized that Nanny had her hand wrapped around dad’s front and by the motion of her wrist it was clear she was stroking him under the table. “As long as he gives permission.”

I grabbed the drink in front of Parker and drunk it down, feeling like I was falling down the rabbit hole.

“Permission!” Parker laughed like she had made a joke before turning me and pushing her nice chest against my shoulder, moving her lips to my ears. “You give me permission, don’t you, my sexy little gringo?”

As she said that, her hand reached up and gripped my penis through the pants, which was now fully erect. My dad was on the other side of the table getting molested by some woman while making pants and moans in the middle of a noisy club. This was the strangest and most awkward thing I had ever done. However, whether it was the alcohol starting to hit me, the hot Latino woman feeling me up, or simple peer pressure, I couldn’t scrounge up any courage to stop.

“I’ll give you permission to have me, as long as I get permission to have you,” I said back.

She rose an eyebrow. “Oh… you’re bold. This will be fun.”

Her hands started to grow bolder, and I didn’t put up any resistance.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the night wore on, Parker pushed more and more drinks on me. I had never really been out drinking before, so it didn’t take many drinks before things started getting a bit dizzy. Parker’s erotic smell as well as her touches filled my senses, and I didn’t think of much else. She kissed my neck and stroked my body. I grew hotter and increasingly aroused with each passing minute. At some point, I looked across the table, and I realized that my father was no longer there.

The only reason I had come to this table was that I wanted to spend some time with my father. I couldn’t say that Parker hadn’t left me tempted, but I was there for him. I had taken the drinks because I was nervous, and now I could barely think or see straight.

“Dad?” I said, reaching forward and knocking down a glass.

“Wow… relax, babe.” Parker grabbed my hands and pulled me back into her arms. “You don’t need to worry about your daddy, Nanny is going to take real good care of him.”

“Ah… but… I want to…” I mumbled, suddenly finding it difficult to remember what I wanted to do.

“How about we leave here? This club is getting lame anyway. I’ll take you someplace nice.”

I stared at her. She was staring at me hard, but it took me a few moments to grasp what she asked. When I finally understood, I shook my head. That caused me to grow dizzy again.

“Ah… no, my dad, I have to find him. I’m not leaving without him.” I said, not aware of how much my voice slurred.

Parker made an irritated noise in her throat and then nodded as if to herself. “Alright, sure. I’ll take you to your dad. Come on. Get up. Let’s go!”

She slapped her knees and then stood, grabbing me and trying to get me to stand as well.

“Really? You know where he is?”

Parker smiled. “Oh yeah, I’ll take you to him. Just come with me. Come on, walk this way.”

Parker started guiding me along, which I was thankful for because I definitely would have stumbled and run into people. We made our way across the dance floor, and I nearly fell twice, but she had my arm and kept me standing. I really shouldn’t have drunk that much. I thought she had been drinking too, but she seemed to be moving fine. I guess I had to build up a tolerance eventually.

I realized only as we hit the door that she was taking me out of the club. I tried to stop, but she managed to pull me right along without struggle.

“W-wait. My dad…” I muttered.

“He’s outside.” Parker replied impatiently, “Come on, I’m taking you right to him.”

In my addled mind, I saw no reason why she’d lie. Perhaps, in another state, I would have noticed her behavior, but as drunk as I was, how could I possibly do the deprogramming from a lifetime of how women are supposed to act to see the signs? We ended up outside in the cool air. I looked to see if the bodyguard who had let me in was still there, but it was a different person at the door and they weren’t concerning themselves with people leaving.

I stumbled along as Parker continued to pull me until we ended up next to a tan Chrysler. When Parker opened the door and I distinctly didn’t see my father inside, I started to realize that something was up.

“H-hey!” I called out in a slurred voice. “Where are you taking me?”

“Shut up.” Parker spun me around and shoved me against the car. “We’re going out for a bit.”

“My dad…” I said, still a bit confused.

“Your daddy isn’t here. It’s just you and me, sweetie. Get in the damn car.” She snorted, grabbing me and pushing me inside.

She grabbed my hair and pulled it a bit painfully. I got a bit angry and swatted at her hands.

“Damn it, I don’t mind fucking you, so why are you acting all shady.” I snapped.

She blinked and then laughed. “Ah, you think I want your dick? Bitch, I’d have fucked you in the bathroom like your dad is getting it now if that’s what I wanted.”

This time, it was me who grew confused. “What? What are you saying?”

She finally successfully tossed me in the car, but I managed to get my foot in the way. She closed it on it, which was painful, but I was suddenly starting to grow afraid.

“Don’t worry, you’ll be getting lots of pussy soon.” She smirked. “A young thing like you? Damn… you’ll make top dollar for some girls I know.”

“Sex… trade?” The thought of something like that was so foreign to me, that even as she all but admitted it, I had trouble grasping what was happening.

I had heard that this kind of thing still existed. I lived in an area where I had heard the sex trade was bad. My mom used to warn my sister’s all the time to travel in groups and never go out alone. However, it was me who was out and alone, and now a woman was trying to shove me in her car.

“Wait… I’m getting out.”

“Yeah, it’s a bit too late for that!” Parker snorted, grabbing my foot and trying to force it back in the car.

At this point, I had sobered a little bit. I was still dizzy and thinking was hard, but I knew that I had to get out of that car. I lunged forward, trying to push out the door while she struggled to close it on me. Normally, I was stronger than she was, but in my inebriated state, I just couldn’t get the door open and out. I wanted to cry out for help, but we were a fair distance from the club and the music was loud enough that anyone near the building would probably not hear me. Besides, I had trouble forming the words.

The world lurched as I felt a bit sick and threw up. Parker used the opportunity and kicked me into the car. Her foot connected with my stomach. Now, her friendly smile was gone and she only had an angry look.

“You fucking slut, vomiting in my car. Damn, I’ll make you pay for that.”

She reached into her pocket and pulled out a pocket knife. Just as she was about to move into the back of the car, a form slammed into her, and the door was suddenly pulled wide open. I used the opportunity, jumping over my vomit and stumbling out of the car into the relative safety of the parking lot. When I glanced to the side, I saw Abigail standing there, and Parker standing across from her.

Both women had fallen to the concrete and gotten back up. They had numerous scuffs and cuts, so they must have hit the pavement pretty hard. Parker’s knife was mysteriously absent.

“Hey, little girl, don’t be a hero,” Parker said.

“Fuck you!” Abigail snapped back. “What do you think you’re doing with him?”

Parker smirked. “All kinds of things… things that would make a little white girl like you faint.”

“He-he’s coming with me!” Abigail’s voice didn’t have very much confidence as she made that declaration.

“Oh? Well, I think not. How about you get back into your car schoolgirl and drive the other way. You don’t have to get hurt.”

“You think I’m scared of you?” Abigail shouted.

“I know you are?” Parker laughed, and then took a step toward Abigail.

Abigail tried to step back, but Parker lunged forward and grabbed Abigail. She dragged her into a headlock and then punched her several times in the head. I could hear the two women grunting and gasping as they struggled, but Parker was older and more worldly than Abigail, and soon Abigail was on the floor.

“You should have run, bitch.” Parker kicked Abigail in the stomach.

Seeing Abigail cowering on the ground, something inside me suddenly clicked. Noticing a fallen branch from a nearby tree, I grabbed it and picked it up. I walked up behind Parker. She was still looking down at Abigail, sneering at her. She didn’t seem to notice me approaching at all, or maybe she did and didn’t think I was a threat.

“Don’t worry, I’ll just break your skull before I leave.” Parker grinned.

I slammed the wood stick down on Parker’s head. It hit with a crack. I don’t think I broke her skull, but she did fall like a ton of bricks.

“Don’t touch my girlfriend, you bitch.” I snapped at the already unconscious figure in front of me before tossing my branch right on top of her.

Abigail, who was bloodied on the ground, looked up hesitantly from her fetal position. Seeing me standing there and Parker on the ground, she slowly made her way back up to her feet.

“Noah… I…”

I walked over and grabbed her, kissing her mouth thoroughly. After a moment, she pulled away.

“Geh… you just vomited, didn’t you? You taste like a bar.” Abigail stuck out her tongue and grimaced.

“I love you…” I grabbed her tightly. “I love you so much.”

Abigail looked very awkwardly as I clung to her. That’s when my hands found her breasts.

“I love your breasts,” I said in a slurred speech.

“R-really now… they’re just tits.” She said.

“I want them.” I ended up pulling up her shirt, which she didn’t resist at all.

“This isn’t the place.” She responded helplessly as I freed her breasts from their restraints.

“One goes up… the other goes down. Bouncy… Bouncy…” I paddled her breasts with my hands.

“Are you done? Can we go now?”

“Why are you still here?” I asked, my eyes still locked on her boobs bouncing up and down as my hands paddled them from the bottom.

“I… was worried about you,” Abigail responded, seemingly unconcerned as I continued to play with them.

I stopped touching them and finally looked her in the eye. “Abby…”

“Did you mean it?” She asked.

“Hmm?”

“That I’m your girlfriend? You’re not going to leave me?”

“Abigail… I don’t…” I shook my head, regretting it as it only made me dizzy again.

“I know I’m… kind of overbearing at times,” Abigail said. “However, I love you. I loved you from the moment I saw you. That’s why I started going to your house. That’s why I formed a friendship with Dawn.”

“Ahhhhggghhh….” A groan came from next to us before I could answer.

“Damn, she’s waking up.” Abigail hissed.

“Strip her naked.”

“What?”

“Shove a branch up her ass, and then take a picture.”

“You’re drunk.”

“It’s blackmail. She’ll have to do what we said or we release the images.”

“More likely, she murders us both in a drive-by on the mere principle.”

“Ah… on second thought, let’s get out of here.”

Somehow, Abigail and I managed to make it to her car and left the club before Parker came to. When she woke up, she probably wouldn’t remember what hit her. Hopefully, it stayed that way. As we drove away, Abigail gave me a bag in case I had the urge again. Thankfully, I had gotten it all out of my system in Parker’s car. It suited her right for what she tried to do with me. As I sobered up a bit, I explained to Abigail what had happened.

“Your dad… we left him there,” Abigail spoke hesitantly.

“Yeah…” I responded.

“Do you want to go back?”

“No.”

“…”

I looked down, feeling just a bit guilty. However, I tried to firm my feelings. Dad had made his choice to hang out with some disreputable people. He was an adult. He could probably take care of himself.

“Was your dad… always like that?” Abigail asked hesitantly.

“I… don’t know.”

I had thought I finally had my parents all figured out. Now, I was thinking I didn’t know anything at all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After what I supposed could be called a failure of a date, Abigail ended up dropping me off at home. This was after we stopped to get some coffee and I had sobered up quite a bit. As I was about to leave the car, she reached out and grabbed my arm.

“I just… wanted to show you that I will give you a good time,” Abigail said reluctantly, the expression on her face a mixture of pouting and unhappiness.

I reached over and touched the back of her hand still holding her arm. “If you had just asked me for a date in the first place, rather than trying to bully and blackmail me, then things would have turned out differently.”

“I’m not… good with men.” She responded, her cheeks tensing as she didn’t meet my eyes. “I never know what you’re thinking. I don’t know what you want. I did everything I could to get close to you, but you’re surrounded by all of those sisters of yours and they’ll kick my ass if I even look at their brother. Then, I saw you hanging out with that dork Samantha, and I just lost it. I know I can be controlling sometimes, but you just make me go crazy. You understand?”

Her eyes finally met mine, and I had a feeling that what I said next might be the difference between whether she let go of my arm, or I had to fight her to escape the car. Even then, it was more of a thought that a fear. I still wasn’t intimidated by Abigail, despite everything. That trafficker from earlier was far more terrifying.

“Let’s try this again some other time,” I responded.

I guess that was the right thing to say, as she let go of my arm and I let out a breath as I opened the door and left. She said that she didn’t couldn’t understand what I was thinking? That was the understatement of the year. I was about as easy as it got, but, somehow, she had wrapped herself up in knots thinking I was some enigma that had to be cracked through extreme measures. I didn’t even know how to take it. I knew, taking her how I’d take a guy, it was pure insecurity that drove her actions.

I somehow manage to sneak into the house again without getting caught. Thankfully, all the girls were heavy sleepers. Once back in my room, I quickly removed the ridiculous outfit she had put me in and cleaned up the best I could to get rid of the smell of smoke and alcohol. Then, I dropped in my bed and let out a sigh, thinking about things. I texted dad a few times and waited up far too late before I was awoken by the alarm the next morning.

Of course, I had a splitting headache. That seemed fair enough. I had drunk far too much, after all. I got up late that morning, and mom was in a hurry. With bloodshot eyes and a pounding headache, I didn’t need to do much to convince mom to let me stay home. Thankfully, she never suspected her son was out drinking last night. If she knew I had been out with a girl, or that I had a run-in with a sex trafficker, she would ground me for life. That wasn’t even specific to this world. Any world I looked at, it would have ended up this way.

Some of my sisters gave more suspicious looks than others. Mackenzie was naturally the most worried, but I didn’t let her get close enough to figure out what was wrong. I told her she might get sick and then gave her a look suggesting our midnight rendezvous might have to cease too. That was enough to put a blush on her cheeks and get her to flee the house.

“If you’re sick, it might not be a good idea to go on the trip this weekend.”

That was still a few days away, so I immediately protested. “This is probably just a day flu. It’ll probably be gone by tomorrow. I’ll be fine by Friday.”

This was about the only repercussions of my lie. Mom did give a suspicious look again, but it wasn’t uncommon for a sick kid to not want to lose the chance to do the things they wanted while dropping the things they didn’t, and she needed to leave early, so it didn’t take long before I got to spend another full day in my house alone. After how many days I’ve already taken off from school, I knew my grades were going to suffer soon. There was one class where my grades would be just fine. I chuckled about that.

As everyone left and I settle down with some caffeine, a cold compress, and some pain killers, I checked my phone to see that my father had eventually responded to my message. He apologized profusely. I exchanged some texts and was surprised he responded right away. Just how early had he woken up? I told him about the friend. Dad said he found out about it, and that his sweetie, that was what he called the girl named Nanny, kicked Parker to the curb. I really had my doubts, but dad seemed apologetic and even asked me if I wanted to hang out this weekend.

For a moment, I considered riding this illness so I could spend some time with my dad. I would disappoint London, but I had plenty of time to make it up to her, while my time with dad felt scarce. I couldn’t exactly explain in words why it was scarce. He was here to visit me, and I just didn’t want to see him take off again, I guess. Ultimately, I decided to decline. I didn’t want to milk an illness I didn’t have for several more days, nor did I want to inevitably have to sneak out to see dad.

I explained in the text what I was doing. It took dad an hour to respond, but when he did, rather than understanding, he demanded to know why I was hanging out with a woman who wasn’t even my family. I reminded him that even though London had no relation to him, she was my half-sister. He didn’t seem at all impressed by that explanation, and his responses shrank into one-word responses, taking longer and longer to reply even when I saw he read them, and eventually, I just stopped sending a text.

I was a little surprised that he was so bothered by my actions. I had thought that he would understand. Instead, he sounded a bit jealous and came off almost as belligerent. I sent him an apology but affirmed that I was going this weekend, and then put my phone away. By that point in time, I was still a bit nauseous, but the headache was down to the point where I felt functional.

Feeling a bit tired, I decided to go back to my room and lie down. I shut my door, got back under my covers, and closed my eyes with the lights down low. Some time passed, but my mind was still far too busy to sleep, and the remaining vestiges of a headache didn’t do me any favors either.

It was at that moment that I heard a sudden crash. I jerked up in my bed, looking around the darkroom in surprise. It wasn’t like we had a pet or something, so there was no one out there to knock anything over. At that point, I started to hear someone. Did one of my sisters get home early? That was my first thought, but a quick look at my clock said it wasn’t even quite noon yet. There would be no reason mom would come home from lunch either. She worked too far away for that to be worth her time.

That was when my danger sense started to kick in. It was only last night that someone had tried to force me into a car and run off with me. Now, was someone breaking into my house? I looked around my room for something to grab. Ultimately, this wasn’t a room that would have a baseball bat. Why couldn’t my other self have been into sports? Wait… I wouldn’t have had a baseball bat either! Why wasn’t I into sports like Kelsey?

Oh, that’s right! Kelsey was into sports and I recalled seeing a baseball bat in her room. However, it was on the other side of the hallway. I went to the door and listened carefully. I could hear someone moving around. There was the creaking of feet, and it sounded like someone was rummaging around. I was the man of the house. I couldn’t just do nothing. I knew that in this world, it might be weird for a guy to take the offensive, but that would be my advantage. They wouldn’t know that happened! Besides, we were nowhere near rich enough to be able to afford to get robbed. It would cripple us.

After carefully listening for a minute, I reasoned that they were in the living room, and wouldn’t be able to see me in the hallway. Ever so carefully, I opened the door to my room. I slipped out in the hallway, which had a lot more light than my bedroom, as there was a nearby window. Keeping low, and feeling like my heart was in my throat, I carefully moved across the hallway, and entered Kelsey and Kristy’s room.

I moved slowly and made sure to move the latch extremely slow so it didn’t make a noise. When I was done and hadn’t done anything to be heard by the trespasser, I immediately started looking for Kelsey’s bat. I couldn’t remember where I had seen it. And after looking for another minute, I noticed the handle poking out from under the bed. Feeling much better upon seeing a weapon I could use to defend myself, I reached down and pulled it from under the bed.

The sheet from the unmade bed had fallen on the floor and part of it was wrapped around the bat. As I removed the binding, there was a light sound as something fell to the carpet at my feet. My eyes fell, and there I saw a baggy that appeared to have white, chalky pills in it. I picked up the bag and stared at it, my mind drawing a blank. Were these… Kelsey’s?

I didn’t know what they were. They could just be acetaminophen, but I had a distinct feeling they were something else. A sound, now in the hallway, immediately broke me from my introspection. I shoved the bag in my pocket without another thought, and then moved to the door and listened again. I could hear footsteps coming down the hallway, one step at a time.

The person opened the door to my room, and I gulped at how close I could have been to being caught without a weapon. They closed the door a second later, seemingly not bothering to do more than a glance. I repositioned my hands on the bat, waiting for them to get close to the door to Kelsey and Kristy’s room. Just a few steps more, and I’d burst out and swing the bat, taking them out. I was confident at this point that they weren’t family. The family would have shouted, and they definitely wouldn’t have been rummaging around.

The invader took two more steps, and then, with a deep breath, I slammed the door open with my shoulder. Without hesitating, I locked on to the form approaching the door, lifted my bat, and swung down. The bat hit the ceiling, something I hadn’t counted for when I had envisioned this. Not only did it kill the force in the bat, but it also messed with the trajectory. I slammed the bat down, but it was a very weak hit.

The person in front of me raised their hands and blocked the bat, falling back onto their butt. They also let out a feminine scream. That wasn’t to say they were a woman, but that their scream was high-pitched and weak. I raised the bat to hit them harder this time, making sure I had the room to do a full swing.

“Wait! Wait! Noah!” I froze with the bat lifted over my head.

It was then that I noticed the person I was swinging at. It was the same person I seemed to keep running into when I least expected it.

“Dad?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Dad had his hands raised as I held a bat over him. He slowly held up his hands as he stood up.

“Son… ah… I didn’t know you were home.”

He looked embarrassed, while I was mostly just confused. Why was he in my house? What was going on?

“I was… ill…” I changed my words from hungover. “Why are you here? Did you break into our house?”

Dad put on a pouty expression. “This was once my house, you know? Your mother and I never filed for a divorce, so we’re still technically married.”

I let out a noise of surprise with that one. Mom had always said that dad took off, but it was true that she had never mentioned anything about a divorce. That meant that they were still technically married? My expression was filled with confusion and disbelief.

“But… why are you here?” I tried to focus on what was important.

Dad’s expression stiffened for a moment. “Well, as to that. You see, I… um… was looking for something I left when I went away all those years ago. I didn’t want your mom or sisters to see me and cause trouble for you, so I thought it best if I stopped by while you were all out.”

“What is it that you were looking for?” I asked.

“Ah… that is… um…” He blushed. “A private matter.”

“Oh…” I didn’t want to pry into it if it made dad uncomfortable enough that he wanted to break in. “In that case, wouldn’t it be in the bedroom?”

“That’s right!” He smiled encouragingly. “How foolish of me. I’ll be right back.”

He walked away, going to mom’s room and entering, making sure to close the door behind him. I was a little uncomfortable with him being in there, but I would have been more uncomfortable going in myself or policing his actions. He was my father, after all, and anything he wanted probably wouldn’t be anything mom cared about. I could watch her door from the kitchen table, so I sat down in a chair.

When I did so, I felt something in my pocket. I reached in and pulled out the baggy of pills from before. Instantly, my eyes furrowed as I looked at it. What had Kelsey been doing with these pills? What were they? I was still looking at them when dad opened the door. I didn’t seem him holding anything, so I looked up questioningly.

“Did you…”

“Yeah!” he nodded and smiled, giving me a thumbs up, “I found it. Anyway, what is that in your hands.”

I realized I still had the pills out, and dad immediately noticed them. Before I could come up with an excuse or pull them away, he walked over to the table and plucked them out of my hand.

“Hmm? You had ADD?” he asked.

“Huh? Attention deficit disorder?”

He nodded. “Well, you have Ritalin, so I figured you must have ADD.”

“Ah… no…” I responded, taking a breath of relief that it wasn’t something really dangerous.

However, as soon as I relaxed, I recalled Kelsey didn’t have it either, so what was she doing with these pills?

“You shouldn’t worry so much about your studies.” Dad shrugged, dropping the pills back in front of me. “That’s why you got them, right? Needed some help focusing on your schoolwork? You’re a boy anyway. Just smile at a girl, and she’ll hire you in a heartbeat.”

“Ah… sorry, yeah… they’re mine.” I lied. “I just want to go to a good school.”

“Haah… sorry, sweetie, I don’t have a frame of reference for college. Um… I’m going to get going then before I am seen by your neighbors or something. Okay?”

“Yeah…” I wanted to talk to dad more, but my thoughts were more on Kelsey.

Was she struggling with her work? She had never mentioned anything. She also had Kristy as a study partner and three big sisters to help her study. I just didn’t get why she would do such a thing. In the end, I put the pills away in her room so that she wouldn’t notice they were gone. I then picked up the house a bit and started dinner.

I noticed the broken glass where dad had broken in earlier. He didn’t want to distress us, but wouldn’t my family, seeing that, be extremely stressed thinking someone broke into their home? I decided to cover for him. I looked outside and found a dead bird. I then dropped it near the glass. When everyone was home, I told them the bird ran into the glass and broke the window. Mom let out a sigh at the expense, but no one suspected anything.

We ate dinner rather peacefully, but my thoughts were fairly turbulent. They weren’t on my dad though, but my sister. I must have glanced at Kelsey a few too many times. One of the times she put on a smirk and gestured to her body.

“You see something you like?”

“I like all of Kelsey,” I responded.

Kelsey’s face turned red. “H-hey… that’s not fair. I’m your sister after all. Save that kind of talk for your girlfriend.”

Kristy snorted under her breath, and I ended up getting a jealous look from Mackenzie and an eye roll from Dawn that seemed to suggest this was expected from a brother like me. I decided to keep my mouth on the subject.

“Have any of you girls been in my room?” Mom suddenly asked a few moments later.

I tensed, but all of the girls said no.

“Why?” Mackenzie asked.

“Nothing… just… I thought I had some money put away, but it’s gone. You girls wouldn’t have known where I stashed it anyway. I probably just miscounted.” Mom laughed it off.

“I had a $20 I noticed was missing from my room too,” Bethany added.

“Strange. I was here all day.” I said, trying to look casual.

The girls all looked at me, but there wasn’t an ounce of suspicion on their faces. Did Dad pocket money he found while he was here? I didn’t want to believe it. It was just a coincidence. Mom miscounted her money and Bethany was young and prone to misplacing money anyway. It’d show up in a few weeks. That’s what I told myself.

I remained silent for the rest of the dinner, but my mind was still working. I tried not to dwell on dad too much, but I was worried about Kelsey and the pills I had found. After dinner, everyone went off to do their own thing. As for me, I wanted to talk to someone about the pills.

If I talked to my mom about them, she’d go nuts. She’d either blame me before I could explain myself or jump down my sister’s throat. Mackenzie would march straight into Kelsey’s room, making a scene. Kristy would probably take the news as a means of teasing Kelsey and blackmailing her. I wasn’t sure if Bethany would even grasp the ramifications of it. That left Dawn as the only one who knew how to keep a secret and was mature enough to take it seriously.

I knocked on her door, not hiding my presence this time. Dawn opened up a few moments later. She was wearing a low-cut shirt that shows a lot of cleavage. It was something a girl like Dawn would never wear in my old world.

“Games?” I asked.

“Ah… ssure…” her cheeks blushed, but she turned and let me into her room.

There was a past where Dawn would have said no and closed the door in my face, even in this world. This time, she just flopped on her bed and grabbed her controller. I had to go looking for another controller in her bin next to her television. When I found one, I hit start and joined in with her. It was a coop shooter, so I was familiar enough with the controls, even if all of the NPCs were women, and the only male character I could select was shirtless and wearing torn jeans that exposed parts of his butt. I decided to pick a decently clothed female character instead.

“How are you doing?” I asked, not wanting to just immediately jump into my problems.

She glanced over at me and raised an eyebrow. “I’m doing fine. Did you need something?”

I grimaced. Leave it to my older sister to dive right to the point rather than to mince words.

“Your… um… SATs… how are they going? You’re studying for those, right?”

She should be taking in college entrance exams soon, so I decided to jump on that rather than bringing up the pills.

“Ah… right… I’m supposed to take those next month, huh?”

I blinked. “You’re not?”

“Mom has been pushing me to go to college, but it’s not really what I want to do.”

“You want to do photography, right?”

“Yeah. Rather than spending all that money on college, I’d rather get a camera and then just go out and see the world, you know?”

“There are art colleges.”

Her expression twisted. “That’s what mom told me too. I had even started to follow that path. Then… well… we happened.”

I blinked. “Me?”

She sighed. “After you encouraged me with my… ahem… photography, I realized that it was my passion to just go out and create scenes. I’d rather gain experience in the field than in a classroom. Do you understand?”

“You got that from wanting to film me naked?”

Her face turned red. “When you put it that way, naughty brother! No, it was seeing you go out and do what you wanted to do. You didn’t care what other people thought, and you were willing to do what made you happy. I realized that the upshort website was just an outlet I was using, a means of me taking what I wanted and making it a dirty little secret while I bucked up and got a real job.”

“Dawn…” I reached out and touched her shoulder.

She smiled back at me. “I wouldn’t have figured things out if it wasn’t for you. I probably would have gone to college for some liberal arts degree and ended up miserable. I’m still going to finish high school, but then I’m going to take what I made from my website and then start doing it.”

She reached out and pulled my forehead toward her lips, giving me a peck on the head.

“That’s all?” I asked with a smirk.

She chuckled. “Don’t you have Mackenzie to take care of your dirty needs now?”

“Ah!” I let out a cry, and under her knowing grin, it was my turn to blush. “You know about us?”

“Mackenzie has always been into you. It’s pretty obvious to me, but then again, I’m a pervert. It takes a pervert to be able to recognize taboo things. Mom and our other sisters are way too normal to ever suspect you’re having an incestuous relationship with your sister.” She explained, and then her grin grew larger. “Of course, there is you and London as well.”

“You know about London!”

She blinked. “So, you’ve even seduced big sis? My brother truly is an irredeemable siscon.”

I was red at that point. “Don’t even act all superior. We’ve done stuff too.”

“True…” She nodded thoughtfully. “But, as I said, I’m a pervert. We perverts are well versed in the world of casual sex. I even get off thinking about you being defiled by other women. There is no hope for me, dear brother.”

“Oh, shut up!” I laughed pushing her over and then jumping on top of her. “Aren’t you the one who got squeamish when I was going to record a scene with Abigail?”

“That’s because I was worried about my brother’s purity.” She giggled. “Now, I know you’re irredeemable, so it’s okay.”

“Oh, is that what it is?” I responded with an eye roll.

“Plus… how could I share you before I tasted you myself.” Her eyes turned mischievous.

“Dawn…”

My lips lowered and kissed hers gently. She wrapped her arms around me. Then, there was a pounding on the door. I nearly jumped off of Dawn.

“What are you guys doing in there?” Mackenzie’s voice demanded angrily.

“Busted…” Dawn chuckled. “Your girlfriend is knocking.”

“Stop, you…” I blushed… “Sorry about…”

“Don’t…” She raised her hand. “I’ll just shlick one out. You go take care of her.”

“You’re an amazing sister.” I gave a peck on the lips and then ran to the door, unlocking and opening it.

Mackenzie immediately peaked in suspiciously, but Dawn was just lying on the bed with a controller in her hand, showing nothing suspicious.

“What’s up, Kenzie.” Dawn grinned.

Mackenzie put on an ugly face. “Shouldn’t you be studying and not playing games.”

Dawn scratched her crotch while yawning. “I’ll do that in a bit.”

Mackenzie sniffed and turned away. “Come on, Noah, I need something from you.”

As she walked away, I glanced back in Dawn’s room one last time. She mouthed the words, “Yeah, she does” And then made a V with her fingers and stuck her tongue through it, flicking it up and down.”

I chuckled before winking at her and then following Mackenzie. Before she got to her room, I grabbed her ass and then threw my arms around her. Dawn was right about how to deal with Mackenzie. She would lecture, bully, and complain all night if you let her, but the second I started kissing her she grew demure as a kitten.

It was only after we were done that I remembered I had forgotten to ask Dawn about the pills.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Friday passed by rather quickly at school. I had so much homework from all of my missed days that I’d really be busy that weekend. Fortunately, I’d be on a trip with my genius sister London, who could help me through all of that homework. On top of that, we’d be at a cabin where I could get some peace and quiet, definitely compared to the crowded household from which we usually lived. At least, that was the story I was going with for my mother.

In reality, London was taking me on this trip because she hoped to find some alone time for us. As I understood it, it was just me, her, her boyfriend, and then one other couple who I hadn’t met. I suppose it was technically a double date, with me along as a fifth wheel. Then again, since London had her eyes on me, it was more like her boyfriend was the fifth wheel. This was going to be an interesting weekend, that was for sure.

When I got home, I started packing for the trip. I even found myself going through the bag of stuff Abigail had gotten me, but in the end, I shoved it back under the bed. I was not going to wear costumes to excite a girl. I might make a girl wear something to excite me, but that was another thing entirely. I’d have to find a time when I could go out and pick something skimpy up. I wondered if I should make Dawn or Mackenzie wear it. Dawn could be the model for once, although she probably would never do it.

When I finished putting everything in my bag that I thought I’d need, my sisters were just arriving home with my mother. Of course, I had put something on the stove for them. At this point, it had become almost second nature to cook something as soon as I got home. I usually just left it on the stove on warm and they came and took a bowl as they got home. As I walked out into the kitchen, I heard a honk from the front of the house.

“Are you going to be okay, sweetie?” Mom asked.

“Yeah, I mean, I’ll be with London, right?”

Dawn gave me a look as she was passing by, but I decided to ignore it. Mom only smiled and nodded, not reading into my words at all.

“Well, be safe, and come home soon.” She said, then turned away and got a beer from the fridge.

As I left the house, Mackenzie watched from the door. She had her arms crossed and a slightly jealous expression on her face. It was clear she didn’t want me to go. I gave her some extra attention the night before though, so she couldn’t complain too much. I went up to London’s car, and found that Dan was sitting in the passenger front seat. Thus, I was relegated to the back. I tossed my bag in the trunk and then got in.

Dan had an extremely fake smile on his face. “Oh! Hey boy! It’s been a while. We’re going to have so much fun on this trip!”

His voice was practically dripping with malice, but London seemed to be deaf to that sort of thing.

“We definitely will.” I smiled back at her.

At this point, I had already played with London, and I also knew that Dan was an asshole cheater. Technically, so was London since she was trying to sleep with me, but when it came to sides, I would take my sisters any day. Besides, he’s the one who started it by cheating on her. In my mind, London deserved so much better. She not only worked full time and paid for his sorry ass, but he was a cheating prick as well. Anyway, I forced myself to smile and make small talk with him. Eventually, I asked about the other couple.

“We’ll meet them at the cabin,” London said. “The cabin is being loaned to us, so we have to leave it in as good of a condition as we found it.”

“How big is it?” Dan asked.

“Huh?”

“The size?”

“Ah… it has three rooms, I think?”

“Three rooms? That won’t do at all!”

“Huh? Why not?” London blinked. “One for us, one for the other couple, and then brother can take the third.”

Dan rolled his eyes exaggeratedly and irritatingly. “Because… I need a room all to myself, remember?”

“What? Why?”

“For my yoga? O.M.G. How do you not remember?”

“We share a room now though?”

“Yeah, but I still have the guest room to do my Yoga in. I just started it last week, it’s really important to me.”

“I don’t get it. Can’t you just do it in our room? I can get out…”

“You just don’t get it. Do you want me to get fat? I need another room. It’s important.”

“It’s okay,” I piped in. “I can just sleep on the couch.”

“No, I will take the couch. You can have my bed.”

“Wouldn’t that put me next to Dan?” I responded, just stopping myself from making a disgusted face.

“Yeah!” Dan piped in, his fake expression returning. “This could be like a guy thing we could do!”

“Oh… yay…” I gave out as much fake enthusiasm as I could muster.

London nodded and smiled, while Dan shot me a smug look like he had won something. Somehow, London seemed to miss all of that. It was incredibly infuriating. Were all girls this obtuse?

I settled down after that. The car ride ended up being a couple of hours. I did eventually pull out some of my homework and try to get through it. There was a lot of missed work thanks to my spotty record. I did my best. There were some things I just couldn’t do without having the internet. I didn’t have a good grasp of this world’s history. Just about every famous male was replaced with a female.

It also was rarely a gender-bent version of the man, like Georgia Washington. No, that would make things easy. Instead, every name was completely different, from our country’s founding mothers to even the dates. True, most of the dates were close, but they were always off by a month or a year. It was just enough that I had no grasp on it.

As I did what homework I could, I found myself getting sleepy and finally drifting off. My dreams were filled with all kinds of strange things. I dreamed about my sisters, except that they looked like they acted. I guess that would make them my brothers then. They were all pulling out their dicks and trying to compare. Then, I realized I was a girl and had become the sister! Just as it was looking like things were going to end in a bukkake, I woke up with a start.

“We’re here.” London had a hand on my shoulder.

We appeared to be parked in front of a beautiful lake and a log cabin. There was a dock with a boat on it that was bobbing up and down and gently rising off the water. It was evening now, and the lake was starting to give off waves of yellow and orange that looked particularly beautiful.

“A little drool.” London touched the side of her mouth awkwardly.

I stared at her, and then wiped my mouth, blushing. She chuckled, squeezing my shoulder affectionately before pulling away. With a yawn, I got up and out of the car. I felt a bit sore from sleeping slumped over in my seat, but I worked out the kinks quickly.

“Is this your little brother? Isn’t he a cutie!” I heard a girl say.

I looked down from where I was stretching. I realized how I was stretching my shirt had lifted, exposing my stomach, which was now being looked at lewdly by a cute girl. The expression on her face was one that didn’t belong to a girl as cute as her.

She was wearing a sporty top and bottom, and her brunette hair was done up in pigtails. She looked younger than London, but that could have been because of how she dressed. As soon as she noticed me checking her out, she grinned pervertedly.

“Jasmine, don’t be a creep!” A guy came up behind her and punched her shoulder.

“What, hun?” She turned to the man, looking completely innocent.

“Ah! Jasmine! You came!”

“Hey, beer, fishing? How could I not come? Oh, by the way, this is my man, Jake.” She grabbed Jake’s ass as a means of pulling him to her arms. “He’s my little hot piece of ass.”

“D-don’t be a pig!” Jake resisted, pushing at her while looking away with disgust.

“Hey, sweetie, don’t act like you don’t like it.” She leaned over and then licked his neck. “Go get the bags.”

She finally let go of him and smacked his ass as he turned away. His face was completely red, and he looked uncertain.

“I can see you’re still a guy’s lady.” London laughed.

“Ah… it’s fine. He acts uptight, but he’ll pull his dick out if I ask him right.” Jasmine laughed with her hands on her hips. “But look at you, you’re still dating that Dan boy, right?”

“Yeah.” London nodded.

“Eh… he’s alright, but why date him when you got such a sexy little brother?” Jasmine turned to me.

The friendly expression on London’s face dropped and she grabbed Jasmine’s arm. “My brother is off-limits.”

Jasmine looked back in surprise, but a second later she shrugged. “Yeah… whatever. I got it. No brother.”

She still gave me a look and winked before wrapping her arm around London. “So, we haven’t spoken much since Med School. How have you been?”

“You mean since you flunked out of Med School.”

“Sis… that digs deep! You know a bitch like me always lands on her feet. I’m doing alright for myself. I’m in trading. You should consider investing…”

“I bet…”

The two took off into the cabin. Dan had been the first one in and hadn’t come out since. No one else had grabbed their bags. I guess that meant that I had to get them. I opened the trunk and pulled out my bags. After a moment, I decided to grab all of them, as I was sure the snippy Dan would be displeased if I left them out here. As I was walking into the cabin, the other guy carrying the luggage for Jasmine came up to me.

“She’s a bitch, right?” The guy named Jake said.

“O-oh… yeah?” I blinked, not expecting this stranger to say something like that to me.

“I’m not interested in her. I mostly came because of Dan.”

“Dan?” I glanced over at him in confusion. “You’re friends with Dan?”

“He’s had his eyes set on Jasmine for a while. Says she has a tight pussy he’s aching to fuck.”

My eyes widened. “R-really?”

“Your London’s brother, right? Well, if you care about your sister, this would be the chance to get her to catch Dan cheating.”

I narrowed my eyes. “Why would you tell me this? Isn’t Dan your friend?”

Jake shrugged. “Because that whore slept with my girlfriend a year ago. He thinks I don’t know, but I’m looking for a chance to get back at him. If I do something and ruin their relationship, he’ll blame me. If you do it, it’ll just be sweet vengeance. You understand… it’s a guy thing.”

With those words, he turned and carried the bags the rest of the way in. I could only stare in shock. Even while mentally swapping genders in my head, this was hard to wrap my head around. Were women that catty in my old world? It felt like something that belonged on a reality television show. Of course, there was another option, that this was all a trap and Dan was trying to in some way destroy my credibility with London.

It looked like this weekend was about to get a lot more complicated.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“You girls are leaving already?” Dan asked, his hands on his hips.

He had a very unhappy expression on his face, and it was clear he wasn’t pleased. Jasmine and London had already put together a bunch of fishing stuff, and they were half way to the door when he caught them.

“It’s evening time. The sun is just setting. Great time to catch a few.” Jasmine smirked.

“London, we haven’t even unpacked yet. I’m all sweaty and I need to relax!” Dan responded in an insolent voice, aiming his anger at London rather than Jasmine, even though Jasmine spoke.

I supposed he was doing that on purpose. He wanted to sleep with Jasmine after all, so he couldn’t spend the weekend snapping at her and making her feel uninterested. In fact, if he instigated a fight with London, he could justify banging Jasmine even better.

“I figured you guys would handle it.” London said, almost too innocently.

As her brother, I definitely wouldn’t let her get away with that bullshit. “I’m with Dan on this. How could you two just take off without saying anything!”

“Ah! Even brother!” London looked at me with a pathetic expression.

Dan grinned, apparently liking that I took his side. It made me want to throw up.

“Yeah! I want to go too! You weren’t going to invite me?” I growled, causing everyone to blink in surprise.

Dan’s grin dropped as he realized I was trying to take off as well and avoid responsibility. However, Jasmine broke out in laughter.

“Damn, London, I like your brother.”

“You really want to come with us? Well, it’s not like we mind.” London explained.

Dan crossed his arms angrily. “I don’t care who wants to go… there better be at least one woman who stays behind to bring all our stuff in and start the furnace.”

London and Jasmine glanced at each other, and then Jasmine tossed up her arms. “Fine! I’ll stay! Catch a fish for me, London.”

“Huh? You’re going to stay?” She asked.

“Yeah, didn’t you want some time to bond with your little brother. That’s why you brought him, right? Besides, I know you wouldn’t let me take your little brother out on a boat alone.” She grinned evilly, causing London to flush angrily.

“Absolutely not!”

“Then, it’s settled! Have fun you two!” She waved her hand.

Dan had his arms crossed, but not only did he not complain about Jasmine staying behind, but it was quite obvious he was pleased with this turn out. Was Dan already going to make a move on her? It was the first night! Did he have no shame? Well, we were only staying two nights, and would head back on Sunday, so I guess this was his chance. Although I could see this from a mile away, London was naturally oblivious to her boyfriend’s true intentions. Then again, if Jake hadn’t tipped me in on his plans, would I have noticed?

Either way, that’s how I ended up heading out to the dock with London alone. The implications of what that meant didn’t sink in until London shot me a hungry look. While Dan was planning on having an affair with Jasmine, it looked like London only had her eyes on playing with me.

Out on the boat, we could find any number of hidden places to play while we were supposed to be fishing. However, with Jake around, just how bold would Dan be toward making a move on her. Jake hadn’t said a thing as we set up this arrangement.

Thus, we ended up boarding the boat. It was a small boat with a motor engine. The boat had enough room for four people if they got close. Any way you looked at it, one of us would always have to stay off the boat. I had a feeling that neither of the guys was interested in fishing through. I almost wondered why they came. Then again, it would be weird if I came alone with my sister and her friend.

As we got on the motorboat with all the fishing gear and then turned on the engine, I glanced back to the cabin on the shore. I realized I had a bit of a decision to make. I could either spend some time with London, which was what I had more or less come out this weekend to do, or, I could fake some kind of illness, have her take me back early, and possibly catch the pair of them fornicating. Then, I could finally cause London to break it off with Dan. Of course, if I timed things wrong, then we could arrive before or after. The big thing came down to Jake. Was he sticking around the cabin?

“You okay, Noah?” London asked, snapping me out of my thoughts.

I realized, we had already made it a fair distance from the cabin and were now floating in the middle of the lake. Without binoculars, there would be no way to tell what we were doing on the boat. There were a few other cabins as well, but they were just as far. As I was surveying our location, London slowly moved forward. Her hand reached out and touched my knee.

“Ah… let’s go fishing,” I said.

“You want to fish?” London blushed. “I kind of thought, you wanted to come out here to do other things?”

“With Jasmine here?” I responded incredulously.

When I had asked to go with them, Jasmine had still been planning on going, so there was no way I had been planning for other things already. Plus, this was the first second we had ended up together. As someone who was often the pursuer, I never realized how annoying it was when the other party didn’t even try to be romantic. Usually, it took an hour or two to get a girl going. I mean, I didn’t know that first hand, but I had read about it. In this world, every girl was down to fuck at any moment. Even after being here for weeks, I still hadn’t gotten used to it.

“Ah… well… Jasmine isn’t here, Brother.” She bit her lip, and then her hand moved to my thigh. “How about we get comfortable?”

“We’re on a boat?” I responded helplessly. “How do we get comfortable?”

I wasn’t trying to put her off. Really. I didn’t mind London hitting on me, and I did want to have sex, but she was being kind of ridiculous. We had come out here to fish, and we had just gotten here. We could relax a bit, chat, and see what happened. Yet, London was coming on to me aggressively. I found it surprising to realize it, but it was kind of killing the mood.

London took my question literally, and a second later, she snapped her fingers. “I got it!”

She leaned back and then went into one of her packs. I realized that she was pulling out a cooler, and then she brought out two glass bottles and handed me one.

“You’re giving me a beer?”

I know, I had gotten drunk right in front of my father only a few nights ago. However, I had snuck in, since I wasn’t an appropriate age. London, on the other hand, was supposed to be my put together, responsible sister. She had finished college and even made it into med school. I was just surprised that she’d suddenly hand me a beer.

“You’re old enough. It’s fine. It will… make you more comfortable.” She smiled and then popped open her bottle on the side of the boat.

Looking at the beer in my hand, my stomach rumbled unpleasantly. I had no problem taking what was offered, but after being hungover, vomiting, and that horrific headache, I didn’t want to drink again so soon. Just thinking about it made me nauseous. I politely put the bottle down unopened. London took a few more drinks of the alcohol while keeping an eye on me. I wanted to start fishing a bit, but all of the supplies were on the other side of London, and I’d have to lean toward her to grab anything.

After a few minutes of silence, London suddenly leaned forward and kissed me. I rolled my eyes but then decided to just go for it. Maybe we could fish afterward. A little kissing never hurt anyone, and being a teenage boy I’d get horny pretty quickly. Our tongues explored each other’s mouths, but then London started to grow more aggressive.

Her tongue started taking my mouth roughly, and before I could pull away or say anything, She leaned forward, pushing my head back until I rolled right off my seat and fell between them. My back hit the metal seat and it was somewhat hard. I let out a cry of pain, but it was muffled and only sounded in London’s mouth. Somehow, this seemed to excite her. I suddenly found my sister jumping on top of me.

Although she was several years older than me, I wasn’t that much smaller than her. I felt uncomfortable all of a sudden, so I pushed her away and kicked her off of me. She only fell back when I used enough force that she had to.

She sat back down with a thud, gasping for breath, and staring at me with confusion. “What is it? Aren’t we going to do this?”

Her eyes still held an intense desire to fuck me. I realized that there was no talking to her. If I told her no, she’d just start acting pissy. Why did I even want to tell her no? It was just, I wasn’t in the mood. Was that a thing?

“J-just take me back to the shore,” I said, realizing that we weren’t going to just fish and bond.

There was only one kind of bonding my sister wanted to do, and that was the kind that joined our genitals.

“Noah… don’t be like that.”

“I’m just… feeling a little sick. We can do it tomorrow, okay?”

She reached out to touch my head. “Are you sure? Do I need to take you home?”

“No…” I tried to force a smile on my face, even though it felt fake. “I think I’m just sea-sick.”

London slowly nodded, looking down at the boat rocking back and forth. She seemed to buy that and turned the boat on. I let out a long, hard breath. London and I had done things numerous times now. I didn’t get why I didn’t just go for it right then. I was honestly as confused as she was.

There was just something about the way she came at me. It was like… I was just a dick for her to pleasure herself.

“Do you… see me as a brother?” I asked.

“Huh?” The engine was roaring and she had her head near it as she was controlling it, so she didn’t hear my question.

“N-nothing.” I sat up and then sighed.

I began to realize what was bothering me about London. She was perfectly willing to do sexual stuff with me, but none of it felt like it was done from a point of love. It felt like she was doing it for pure sexual gratification. If I was someone else, another guy, I didn’t think she would even care. I was just the closest guy she knew who was willing. She didn’t want to hang out with me, not really. She didn’t like me, she just liked the feel of having an affair.

No, it was more than that. I felt like I was changing too. After having sex freely with whomever I wanted for so long, I was realizing that just sex wasn’t as satisfying anymore. I slowly came to a horrifying realization. I no longer wanted to have sex with London!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As we approached the dock, I could see a person sitting out on it. Jake was sitting there with a book in his hand. I grimaced as I saw it. He truly did leave the house so that Dan and Jasmine could go at it like dogs. I had hoped that he’d stick around the house, but he left shortly after, giving them a prime time to cheat.

Although I wanted to expose Dan for the cheater he was, at that moment, my heart was a little turbulent. I didn’t know why I had rejected London and lost all interest in sex, and was still trying to figure it out in my mind. However, we were back now, and if Dan was in the house having sex with Jasmine, then London was bound to walk in on it. I considered acting like a spoiled brother type and demanding that she take me out somewhere for ice cream or something, but that would mean we’d have to remain together awkwardly for a few more hours, and I needed to think some things through.

Jake didn’t look up or glance at us at all as we parked the boat and tied it up on the dock. London had a complicated expression on her face, and she kept throwing me hurt looks like I had done something wrong. I deliberately avoided looking at her. We got on the dock and London glanced over at Jake.

“Hey, is Jasmine and Dan inside?” She asked.

It seemed like a stupid question to me. Did she seriously believe that they wouldn’t be? Jake’s answer was just as pointless. He just gave a shrug, still looking at his book. London looked up at me and then smiled.

“Hey, do you want to go get some ice cream? My treat.”

I froze at her words. They sounded exactly like my own thoughts a few moments before. However, when I had been thinking about going to get ice cream, I had been trying to delay the return home so that London didn’t catch them cheating. My brow started to furrow as I looked at London incredulously. Did she not want to go into the cabin? Was she trying to make another chance to bang me? Or…

“Do you know?” I asked, my voice rising slightly as the dots started to click together.

I had the feeling that Jake had also perked up his ears. Although his eyes were glued to the book, he was listening to our conversation, likely to gossip about it when the weekend was over.

“Huh? I know you didn’t like… um… the fishing…” London’s eyes flickered back to Jake. “I just thought you might want to go out and do something together.”

I thought about it quickly, and then slowly shook my head. “You don’t want to go back to the cabin.”

London raised an eyebrow. “What are you talking about?”

“Denial?” I asked. “You do know Dan’s cheating on you, right?”

Those words were enough that Jake had turned to look at us. As for London, her mouth had fallen to the point I thought flies would choke her. I was convinced I was right though. She was in denial of Dan. She wanted to convince herself that everything was fine with him. Ultimately, that’s why she was pushing herself into an affair with me. Maybe she wanted to get back at him. Maybe she wanted him to find out and for him to leave her. Either way, deep down, she knew what was going on in there.

“Is that what this is about?” London looked at me and shook her head. “You’re jealous.”

“Jealous? Why would I be jealous? Dan is cheating on you!”

“Noah, I know you don’t like Dan, but this is getting ridiculous.” Her expression turned angry. “You shouldn’t slander other men just because you don’t like them.”

“London, remember a week or so ago when you brought me over to your house and had to go to work? He had a girl over!”

London rolled her eyes. “I know, he told me.”

“H-he did?”

“Yeah, she was his pilates instructor from the gym.”

“Oh my god, how dense do you have to be!” I put my face in my hands and took a breath, feeling like I wanted to scream. “Look, Dan is cheating on you right now!”

“Noah… enough. This isn’t appropriate. Jasmine’s a little… but she wouldn’t do that to me.”

“Come on, you know she is, right Jake?” I turned to get backed up by him.

He’s the one who encouraged me to catch Dan, so he should back me up. Even just a small amount of support would go a long way. However, when we both looked at Jake, he only gave a noncommittal shrug, like he had no clue what I was talking about. Feeling a bit angry and frustrated, I grabbed London’s hand.

“Fine… we can just go and see.”

London rolled her eyes, but she let me drag her anyway. I pulled her to the cabin and shoved right in. The cabin seemed to be empty. The bags that had been brought in had been left right at the door instead of brought to our rooms. Jake had stood up and followed us from the peer, but he was staying back a few steps and letting us take the lead.

“See… nothing…” London said.

“Shh!” I hissed at her and then listening closely.

“Mmm… Mmm…” I grabbed London’s hand tightly. “Over here!”

“You’re being ridiculous…” she started.

“Will you shut it!” I snapped, moving closer into the hallways.

As we approached Jasmine’s door, I could hear a slight moaning sound. There was also a wet squishing noise. I breathed out a sigh of relief and then hardened myself. They were doing things. I realized the shower was also running, which maybe they thought would muffle the sound, but they failed. As we reached the door, the noise was just loud enough that now London could hear it too. Her face turned serious.

“See? I told you!” I hit her breast.

“I…” She lowered her eyes, her expression complicated.

We had to see it through. The way London was acting, unless she saw everything, she wouldn’t be able to accept what Dan did. With a breath, I reached for the knob.

“W-wait…” London reached out her hand to stop me, but after a second, she dropped it, looking away shamefully.

I turned the knob and opened the door, “Ah haaa-haaa?”

My moment changed from victory to surprise, as I walked in on Jasmine. She was naked in the bed, and she using a vibrator on herself. My eyes widened at the sight.

“Jesus! Fuck!” Jasmine cried out, trying to grab a blanket to throw over herself.

“Nice,” Jake said, looking over our shoulders.

“What the hell? Where is Dan?” I asked.

“Huh? Dan is in the shower? He said he felt dirty after the drive?” She said, still trying to cover herself as the vibrator popped wetly out of her crotch in a very erotic manner.

London’s hand suddenly went around my eyes. “We’re very sorry about this.”

“I’m not.” Jake grinned.

Jasmine shot Jake a look. “Hey, I wouldn’t be doing this if you hadn’t said you weren’t in the mood and didn’t want to fuck with your friend nearby.”

“What’s going on?” A voice came from a little down the hallway and we all looked to see Dan standing there.

His hair was wet and he had a towel covering his chest while he dried it. He was looking at the group of us with a completely innocent look on his face. I felt extremely confused. I had been certain they were having an affair. However, I walked into the cabin to find him honestly taking a shower and Jasmine satisfying herself in her room while her boyfriend read out on the dock. That’s when it hit me, I shot a look back, just in time to see Jake wink at Dan.

This… was all a setup! Jake wasn’t trying to get me to out Dan. Jake was trying to help Dan embarrass me!

“I’m sorry about all of this,” London said sternly, grabbing Jasmine’s door and shutting it in my face. “Noah got it in his head you were cheating on me.”

“Ah!” Dan put his hand up to his chest. “R-really?”

“I-it’s fine.” London forced a laugh. “He probably is just a bit overprotective and has an active imagination. I never doubted you, sweetie…. Ah! Sweetie?”

As she was talking, Dan broke into tears. He started trying to fan them away while sounding like he was hyperventilating. London pulled away, shaking off my hand gripping her and immediately going over to Dan.

“Honey, what’s wrong?”

“It’s just…  I was hoping that this weekend would be a time where I and your little brother could connect. I was hoping that we could be best friends, you know. And it… it… hurts knowing that he sees me as… as… as a cheater!”

“He doesn’t think that.” London stroked Dan’s head. “Right Noah, you don’t think that!”

I had my arms crossed, and I was glowering at this point. What. The. Fuck. I couldn’t believe that Dan pulled something like this. I really couldn’t believe that London was falling for it. Seeing me with a dark expression on my face, Dan suddenly cried harder, but his sobs sounded so fake, that no one could believe it was genuine.

“It’s okay… I’ll tell you what. I’ll go out and get ice cream. Would you like ice cream?”

Is London’s go-to answer for any upset boy ice cream?

“I… hic…. I … guess…” Dan made a show of wiping his snot covered face.

I wanted to punch the bastard. London straightened herself, and then kissed Dan. Dan enthusiastically kissed London back, and she had pulled away to keep Dan from jumping on her right there. She then turned around. As she passed me, she stopped.

“Noah… you need to think about apologizing to Dan. When I get back, if you want any ice cream, you should say you’re sorry.”

With that, London walked past me. It was my turn to catch flies in my mouth. For a woman smart enough to get a medical license, she sure was an idiot sometimes. As soon as she turned the corner, the tears on Dan’s face ended, and an insolent sneer appeared on his face. I had seen shows with mean girls in them, but this had to be the first time I had ever seen it up close. On a guy’s face, it only made me feel a bit nauseous.

However, I also had no doubt the pair had set me up. Jake walked past me, and then lifted his hand. The other guy high-fived him before the pair turned to me.

“Oh, don’t look so glum. We’ve been doing this way longer than you.” Jake grinned.

“Why?” I asked although I was pretty sure I knew the answer.

“London won’t trust you anymore. Next time you feel like outing me, who do you think she’ll believe, me or you?” Dan said, and then let out a chuckle.

It was a really simple ruse. I was really stupid to fall for it. Jake told me Dan was going to cheat. I try to catch them, but it turns out he was being legit. I look like a paranoid fool and a siscon, and the next time Dan does cheat, even if I told London, she wouldn’t follow me.

I had been building a relationship with London since I had come to this topsy-turvy world, and in a single night, I had seemingly managed to destroy it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Dan put on his tear works, London had taken his side completely. There was absolutely no way we’d be sharing a bed that night. Thankfully, Dan was too upset to sleep in the same room with me, all while making it look like I was the unreasonable one. London had given me a look several times that night that seemed to say that I had messed up. It was filled with a bit of worry, but also some uncomfortableness.

After I took a shower and cleaned up, while I was heading back to my room, London appeared at my door, looking awkward.

“What do you want?” I asked.

“I’ve been thinking about things a bit.” London said. “And I think… maybe, I have been spoiling you too much lately. Maybe, we should just leave things as they are.”

“Spoiling me? I fuck you and you’re spoiling me?”

London’s face flushed. “I’m sorry, I thought we could have a mature conversation about this, but now I’m remembering you’re just a child. This weekend was a mistake.”

I wasn’t really hurt by her words. I was too furious to be hurt. London called me immature, but wasn’t she the one who was being a child? She didn’t want to accept that her boyfriend might be cheating on her. I had thought if I told her, she’d believe me, but her delusions were so thick she’d rather throw her brother under the bus rather than admit that I was right. How was that maturity?

My mistake had been thinking that our relationship and closeness were enough that she’d believe me over her lying boyfriend. I had ended up being wrong. Now, I was fuming on the inside. It was to the point where my eyes grew watery. London, of course, thought I was crying from sadness.

“Hey… you’ll still be my brother. It’s just… we need to have a more normal relationship from now on, okay?”

“Yeah… okay.” I responded darkly. “I’m tired, so I’m going to go.”

Without waiting for her response, I opened the door and then slid into my room. Of course, my mind was reeling as I angrily thought about everything. I was angry at London. I was angry at Jake and Dan. Most of all, I was angry at myself for having walked into it. I should have just played with London on the boat, and then forgotten this whole thing. Then again, if I had done that, nothing would change.

I lay down in the bed for a time, but my mind wasn’t satisfied just leaving things as they were. Although my issues with London were rather complicated and I didn’t know how to proceed, my feelings on Dan and his friend Jake were crystal clear. Those two were complete assholes, and even if he wasn’t a cheater who was using my sister, I would want them both to pay for what they did. As I thought about this, I grew more and more antsy.

After a bit, I stood up and then opened the door, leaving my bedroom. I listened around for where everyone was. I could hear a loud television playing in the bedroom next to mine, which was where Dan was. I instantly realized why Dan had been so particular about wanting the room. It had nothing to do with Yoga, or even cheating. Dan wanted the television. There were two televisions in this cabin, one in the main room, and one in this guest room. The guest room only had a Full bed, not a Queen, so London and Dan would have ended up in the room without the television. I could only shake my head scornfully as I realized the truth.

I peered into the living area where I could see London lying on the couch. The lights were out and her form didn’t appear to be moving. I still kept extremely quiet, making sure she didn’t look back as I snuck into the hallway. I slowly snuck down the hallway, where there was a lit room with the door cracked open. This was Jasmine and Jake’s room, where I had found Jasmine masturbating earlier.

I could hear the shower running. I peeked into the room carefully, making sure I didn’t make a peep or was noticeable. I immediately shivered as I looked at Jake lying in what I supposed was the equivalent of lingerie for men. It was some tight underwear which showed his bulge, and a see-through top. I almost gagged, turning away before I was scarred for life. However, I had the answer I was looking for.

By the way Jake was waiting, I guessed that Jasmine went to the bathroom to clean up before they had sex. Jake was now waiting patiently for her to finish. A wicked smile formed on my face. Jasmine was a pretty girl after all. What way could I get back at Jake more than fucking his girl? More than that, I still remembered London’s insistence that Jasmine wouldn’t touch her guy. In this world, all girls were sluts. Jasmine may not have touched London’s guy, but who was to say she wouldn’t touch London’s brother.

The one thing about the bathroom in this cabin was that it didn’t have a lock on it. That only made all of it work to my advantage. With a small grin, I opened the door and slipped in as quietly as possible. The room was filled with hot steam. Jasmine liked her showers hot. The glass screen door closing the bathtub from the rest of the bathroom was completely fogged. All I could see was the dark outline of a shapely woman who appeared to be washing her body.

With a slight grin, I started to take off my clothing. What guy didn’t dream of pouncing on a girl when she was in the shower? Since the roles of this world were reversed, perhaps a better question would be what girl wouldn’t dream of having a guy pounce on her in the shower? Especially, if that guy happened to be the little brother of your friend. If Jasmine was the dudebro of this world that I thought she might be, then it stood to reason that she would quickly succumb to any man who came onto her. I didn’t see what either Jake or Dan saw in this girl.

Then again, did Dan want her, or was this something Jake had said to trick me? I had a feeling given what I knew about Dan, he’d probably go for Jasmine if she offered. She had the sportier body and shallower attitude that fit Dan better. Compared to the serious London, Jasmine was far more sensual. However, I couldn’t ensure I could make the two have sex and that I could get London to catch them, but I could bang Jasmine instead, getting back at all three of them!

That was right, this was for London as well. She’s the one who said that she wanted to end things. On top of that, how could she fault me for being with another woman when she was still with Dan? I wasn’t so naïve to believe that Dan and she didn’t at least do some stuff. So, by sleeping with Jasmine, I could stab a thorn into all three of them.

I mean, it wasn’t just for revenge. Jasmine was sexy and horny, and I still couldn’t get the sight of her pleasuring herself out of my head. She had some Indian in her, giving her a slightly light-brown skin and dark brunette hair. She had a sporty, fit body that I would only have dreamed of touching in my previous life. I had been too upset earlier to think about it, but now that I had committed to going all the way and could see the silhouette of her naked body, I wanted a taste. My arousal which had died on the boat when I was with London was at full force here with Jasmine.

“Who’s there?” Her voice cried out as she must have noticed my shadow.

However, she looked around absently. She could see my obscure shape, but she couldn’t see who I was. I slowly continued to undress, keeping my eyes on her.

“Babe? Is that you? Hehe… couldn’t wait in bed?” She laughed lewdly. “You know there is no lock on this door. London and Dan could catch us at any time.”

I picked up my bunch of clothing, lifted my arm, and then dropped it.

“Damn, boy, you’re so fucking hot. Get your tight ass in here.” Jasmine panted.

I thought about revealing myself then, but it was kind of fun playing with her, and I wanted to ensure that things went all the way. If I revealed myself now, there was still a chance she might pull away. After all, she had Jake in the other room waiting for her to finish. If I wanted her to stay and even cheat on her man, I had to give a taste.

Silently, I walked up to the shower and then opened the glass door just enough to fit my arm through. Keeping my hand low, I brought it through the door.

“Babe? What’s wrong?”

I silently gestured with my hand, bringing my fingers towards me like I wanted her to come close. She looked down at my hand in confusion. I gesture again.

“Haha… you don’t want to get wet?” She asked. “Well, baby, you’re making me wet.”

She walked over to my hand. While keeping my body hidden behind the door, I reached up between her legs. My fingers immediately found the patch of hair above her pussy. Feeling around a bit, I found her clit and started to rub it. Her entire body was wet and had a floral scent of whatever soap she was using. Her hand reached down and grabbed my wrist. For just a moment, I thought she was going to pull my hand away, however, she started to move my wrist up and down, using my hand like she might use a sex toy.

“Baby… ah… fuck… finger fuck me, baby… I need it so bad.” She purred.

Jasmine was shockingly aggressive. Not only did she grab my wrist, but soon her second hand came down and started redirecting my fingers. She pushed two of my fingers inside her and started making me rub her clit with my thumb as my fingers moved in and out. As my fingers did this, she used my wrist to push my whole hand up and down, rubbing her whole pussy.

Unable to help myself, I took a quick look through the crack. Thankfully, her eyes were closed and she was biting her lip. She was pleasuring herself with my hand aggressively, and her hips were gyrating against it. My hand could have been any object, she was rubbing herself against it like a cat in heat. I hid behind the glass before she opened her eyes again. Without being able to see anything, I could only feel her pussy while she guided my hand in fingers.

As she worked herself, I tried to get a feel for the motions. In a way, she was teaching me how to pleasure a woman. I had been with several women already, but they were often inexperienced virgins. Those that weren’t were more interested in pleasuring me than pleasuring themselves. In a way, the horny and selfish Jasmine was the perfect person to teach me what a girl likes. She was extremely honest with her pleasure, even saying “not there” or “like that, yes!”

“Fuck… yeah… right there… keep it up… almost… almost… fuck… yeah! Ahh… cumming… you’re making my pussy cum.” She panted, her entire body convulsing on my hand. “Baby, please, I can’t take it anymore. I need your dick inside me. Get in here and fuck me!”

She pulled away quickly, and I could see her silhouette turn around and bend over in the shower. Her hair had fallen and was now hanging over her head. I afforded one more look, and her wet, light brown ass was wagging in front of me. Well, I couldn’t disappoint her now, could I?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Taking one last look at the door that didn’t lock, I took a step into the bathtub and closed the door behind me. I looked down at Jasmine’s smooth, round behind. She had a very nice, slim, succulent body. As I was admiring it, she became inpatient, and started to wag her butt.

“Come on, I can’t stand it. I need your cock in me now.” She cried.

Her head was still down. The water from the shower was raining down on her back. It came short of her buttocks, most of it running down her sides and either falling between her legs or running off her tits. Some water splashed off, putting little wet flecks of water over her ass and pussy. The water was hot and steamy, and the sight of her body was intoxicating. After already playing with her twat for a bit, I was already extremely aroused.

My hand whipped out and I pawed her ass lightly, feeling the smooth wet skin of her butt. As I looked between, I could see a pink slit amongst the darker skin. That was when I realized that she had a hand between her legs, and with two fingers, she was spreading her pussy open, nearly begging for my dick to fill her. Of course, she still thought I was her boyfriend, Jake. However, that asshole had lied and humiliated me, so this was justice.

Still, I hadn’t intended for my sneakiness to get me so far. After getting her this worked up, I was going to reveal myself. I was betting on her horniness to get us the rest of the way. However, she was such a slutty idiot, she didn’t even think to check if I was her man before she bent over for me. I don’t know if she had ever spent any time with Jake before, but she should have really been able to tell the difference. The fact she didn’t even bother to look just showed how confident and forward she was.

Feeling a bit mischievous, I raised one of my hands off her ass, and then slapped it. Her butt was very nice and round. It actually was just as nice as Mackenzies. Hers had more of tone muscularity to it, but where in Kelsey, the muscle had made her butt a little smaller, Jasmine had a nice bubble butt with the firmness of an athlete. Thus, when I smacked it, it didn’t jiggle much. It did make a very nice slapping sound though.

“Ahn… if you’re going to do it, do it hard!” She said. “Make it hurt!”

I hadn’t expected her to not just like it, but demand more. I had done it because I wanted what we were doing to be a bit noisy. I thought she might have responded with just a bit of timidity, but she didn’t mind it at all. So, I raised up and hit her butt even more. This time, I left a red print.

“Ah! Fuck… just shove it in. Stop teasing! I’m going to cum!”

With her vulgar begging, I couldn’t wait a second longer. I grabbed my dick, and then I slid it between her legs where she was holding herself open for me. It slid in wetly, and I was surprised to feel such a heat between her legs. It was much hotter than the water falling on us. It felt really amazing. As I pushed myself into her, she reaches out and grabs the shower bar to keep herself from falling. As she does this, she clenches, tightening her pussy around my dick. It was clear she had some skill with this, as it felt amazing.

I could only look down in awe at the feel of my dick being clenched rhythmically by her snatch while I looked over her bent over form. I had completely forgotten to start thrusting into her. I didn’t need to though. The woman herself had already planned to take care of that. Using the shower bar, she started to pushed herself back, gyrating her as and pushing my dick in and out of her. She was doing all the work, and all I had to do was lean back and let her pleasure my cock. I could barely hear her moans and pants over the sound of the shower as she exerted herself toward pleasuring my hard dick.

Although the feeling was incredible, I knew that I’d end up cumming in a few minutes if I just let her have her way. Every time she backed up, there was a wet splashing sound, and I could see the water that ran down her buttcrack pooling between our skin before she pulled away and let the puddle of water fall to the bath tiles below. Then, when she thrust back again, more water splashed up before pooling between us again. The humid air was dizzying, and the feeling was euphoric.

However, I managed to regain my thoughts and bit my lip hard to regain my senses. Looking down at her, a cruel light flashed in my eyes.

“I must say, Jasmine, your pussy feels amazing,” I spoke for the first time since I had been behind her. “I wonder how big sis will feel about this.”

Her movements froze, and her gyrating hips stopped. She reached and pulled her wet hanging hair to the side and then looked up. Her eyes were wide and her lips trembled as she glanced at me.

“N-N-Noah?” Her voice was a few octaves higher.

I wanted to burst out laughing, but I schooled my expressions instead. Rather than look like I had done it on purpose, I gave her the most innocent look I could manage as if I had assumed that she knew all along who I was.

“Ever since I saw you earlier playing with yourself, I couldn’t get you out of my mind. I had to see your body for myself.” I said, grinning.

Jasmine stood up, and my dick fell out of her as she spun around. She didn’t try to cover herself. Rather, her eyes fell, not even meeting mine as she looked down at my dick rather than my face.

“N-Noah… what are you doing in here? If your sister catches us, she’ll kill me!”

“She’s just my half-sister. She can’t control who I sleep with.” I shook my head and spoke like this was the most obvious thing in the world. “Besides, you’re hot and I wanted you.”

Her cheeks blushed, and her eyes still hadn’t left my dick. “You’re amazing. Damn, so young and sexy. That dick is so hard and big too.”

It sounded like she was trying to convince herself to keep going, even though she had some thoughts in the back of her head shouting at her to stop. It was almost comical to me, mostly because I could almost see the gears moving in her head. She thought like a guy, after all, and not just a guy, but a rather simple guy. There were people in this world who were complicated and their actions were complicated. I never realized how complicated sex got when I could just have it whenever I seemingly wanted. Then again, there were people like this, who just wanted to feel good and didn’t care about the consequences.

I tensed the muscles in my groin, causing my dick to lift and fall down, bouncing slightly in the shower. Her eyes widened as if this was the sexiest thing she had ever seen. I could almost see her drooling. I had never met this girl when the world was normal. I kind of wondered what kind of woman she was.

I had found that despite the attitudes of people changing in this world, their base disposition didn’t. Kelsey was still a sporty girl in either world and while in this world she often said gross and perverted things, my original Kelsey had always been a direct and gossipy girl. London had always been a woman who worked hard for the one she loved, and fundamentally got taken advantage of, but that was the same in either world too. That probably meant that this Jasmine was probably a little horny slut in her world, but she was much better at hiding it.

“Your sister can never know about this.” She said, a decision finally being made that I had no doubt she’d always make.

She already turned around and bent over. This time, she reached back with both hands, and spread her cheeks open, giving me a full few of her ass and pink slit. Seeing her being so accommodating, I couldn’t help but bring out the more sadistic side of me. Grinning darkly, I grabbed my dick once again. This time, I pushed my dick up a bit higher than where she was spreading her pussy.

“H-hey! W-wait.” She said as she started to feel pressure on the wrong hole.

Without waiting or replying, I grabbed her ass and then pushed my dick in. My dick immediately popped into her asshole. She let out a cry, and her hand let go of holding her cheeks open as she grabbed the handrail. I could see that hand shaking as she squeezed the handrail as hard as it would go. I had only just gotten the head of my cock into her ass, but I started pushing more and more.

I had anal with Mackenzie once by accident, but it wasn’t nearly as deliberate as this time. Plus, we had been interrupted before we could even get going. It was much better to do it with this slut here who had been holding it open so willingly. Seeing her pull her cheeks and reveal that tight little hole, I just couldn’t help myself.

“Ahhhn…” She cried out. “Fuck! What are you doing?”

She shot a pained look back at me as I continued pushing it in. I now had half my cock in her ass. It did feel completely different from a pussy. I had always wondered what guys liked about it. To me, it always felt kind of gross. I mean, it’s an ass after all. I may like that bubbly fat that bounces up and down on my cock, but now my dick was literally up in her colon. The part that made up the asshole was tight, while the rest of it felt like a deep, warm abyss. I kind of liked the feeling. Plus, with my mushroom head of a cock and her tight asshole, it wouldn’t pop out easily as it did with her pussy, so I could get some more aggressive thrusts.

“Is something wrong?” I asked innocently. “Did I do something that Jasmine doesn’t like?”

I once again acted like a virgin, pretending I didn’t even know I got it in the wrong hole. Any woman from my old world would have slapped a guy acting this way, but when she saw the innocent expression on my face, her own turned lewder.

“Ah… you’re doing great.” She said, putting on a smile even though her eyes still showed a bit of pain. “You just surprised me when you stuck it in my ass.”

“Oh, no!” I raised my hand to my mouth in a completely mocking way. “I didn’t mean to! I’ll take it out now!”

I started to pull my cock out of her ass, but she let out a cry just as the head reached the ring of her asshole. “N-no! Wait! Keep going!”

I gasped. “In your ass? But… assholes are dirty!”

Her face grew lewder and lewder. “Wait, you’ve never stuck it in an ass before? Am I popping your anal cherry?”

I wanted to burst out laughing. Although it wasn’t my first anal, her lewd expression, and how excited she was getting over me sticking it in her ass was comical from my perspective.

“Have you done it in the butt before?” I asked innocently.

“Y-yeah… lots of times?” She said, but I suddenly had the feeling, especially given the pain on her face, that she hadn’t.

“We can stop…” I said, fighting the smirking of my lips from showing my real thoughts.

“Keep going. Guys do this for girls all the time. It’s not dirty at all. Aren’t we in the shower, after all? Come on, enjoy my ass!”

Somehow, I had flipped the situation around and she was now begging me to fuck her in the ass. “Well… if you insist.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oh, shit. Your big dick is filling my ass!” She moaned as I started to fuck her in the butt.

My hands aggressively pawed at her nice round buttocks, and I started to use my hips. I didn’t really have to, because the slutty Jasmine was already rocking her body, backing her ass against my dick and forward again. Even as I painfully penetrated her ass, she still felt it was her responsibility to move. It was a part of this world that definitely made me a little happy. Woman should move during sex. If they’re just lying their and taking it, then they shouldn’t blame a man for not satisfying them!

Well, it’s not like I had personal experience on this matter, but I used to read forums where guys complained about their women being dead fishes in the bedroom. In every sex fantasy, the woman’s sexual appetite was sparked and she’d become a wild stallion in bed, bucking and riding with delight. In this world where responsibilities were turned upside down, it was woman who were expected to do all the work toward achieving sexual satisfaction.

Just because we were in doggy didn’t mean that changed. She had to use her whole body to ride my cock. Her hand even left the bar and was now pressed against the front tile of the tub. When she pushed back, she pushed with everything she had so that my dick plunged deep in her ass. As she worked, she was panting with exertion. Even a selfish little slut like Jasmine was willing to work hard for sexual gratification and expect nothing.

Rather than expect me to pleasure her, she was already pleasuring herself. Her free hand that wasn’t propping up her body and helping her push it back against my dick was between her legs. I couldn’t see what she was doing, but it was pretty clear she was fingering her twat while I took her ass. The hot steamy scene was incredible.

As I held her bubbly ass in my hands, my only responsibility was to hold on and enjoy the ride. However, I wasn’t a guy of this world who liked to take on a passive role. How could I just sit back and do nothing? In fact, even though she was trying her hardest, and her ass was really riding up and down on my cock in a satisfying matter, I wasn’t even sure I could come passively like this. No wonder so many women had trouble getting off when they had such a shitty attitude toward sex. Jasmine was selfishly trying to satisfy herself on my dick, well, I could be selfish too.

My hands steadily slid up from her ass to her waist. Once I had them position just above her hip bones where I could have a good grip on her lower half, they tightened. As soon as they did, I pushed just as she pushed off the wall, bringing her butt back against my cock. This time, I plunged myself deep inside her asshole.

“Ahhh, shit!” She cried out, nearly falling forward as she didn’t expect me to trust so aggressively.

I didn’t let up. With her hips in my hands, I pulled out again, bringing my dick nearly all the way out of her ass. Then, I shoved it back in with just as rough of a thrust. I started to repeat the motions over and over again. I wasn’t just moving fast, but I was giving her the longest thrusts that I could manage. With each thrust, the entire length of my dick plunged into her cavity. I wasn’t small, but unlike a pussy which eventually stopped in a womb, I felt like I was plunging into her abyss. With each thrust, I was trying to get deeper and deeper.

Wet splashes sprayed everywhere while I wildly fucked her in the ass. I went from completely docile to wild like an animal, and the sudden change had completely caught Jasmine off guard. Not only did she not think to settle things, but she became lost in the feel of being taken aggressively. Even if this world had people’s roles swapped, their biology wouldn’t change. The feel of being dominated and mounted by a man was still enough to drive Jasmine to bliss.

She could no longer finger herself, both hands holding on to the tiles as every thrust was given with enough violence that her head might hit the tile if she didn’t stop me. As I went, fucking her with extreme force, our feet had shifted toward the front of the bath, and her tits ended up pressing against the tiles helplessly as I took her from behind. Even though she was no longer touching herself, it didn’t matter. The roughness of her ass being violated was enough that her pussy was simultaneously getting smashed. Pleasurable feelings shot through her body, and she began to cum.

“Oh… fuck… fuck… fuck my ass!” She cried out. “Yes, yes… got… fuck… don’t stop… fuck… keep going… You’re so fucking amazing. I feel like jelly. Please keep going. Fu… fuck… I’m cumming again!”

A stream of obscenities left her mouth as I roughly pounded her. At this point, it was at a level where my balls were slapping against her pussy. Naturally, with that area sensitive from her arousal, the feeling of it being patted only added to the intense stimulations shooting through her body over and over again. If the shower wasn’t already running, I would probably be seeing spurts of liquid shooting down her legs as she lost control and wet herself.

However, we were in a shower, and no matter how much she came or drooled, it all got washed down the drain. There was no mess, just the intense and nonstop pleasure. Even as her ass started to become sore, Jasmine still begged me to continue. She seemed to like it in the ass. Honestly, I wanted to finish in her pussy. This experience wouldn’t feel complete unless I filled her snatch full of cum.

“I’m going to cum.” I gave her a little announcement.

I planned to pull out and accidentally slide it in her pussy right at the end, filling her up with cum and then using the innocent talk to get out of it. However, as soon as I made the announcement, she turned off the shower and then spun around, falling to her knees. I was caught off guard as she gave me such a feral, hungry look. She reached out and grabbed my dick, and I realized she was going to suck it.

“It’s dirty!” I cried out.

In this case, I was being genuine. Her sudden actions had caught me really off guard.

“I don’t fucking care. I want to taste your cum, you fucking slut.” She gasped as her body shook from orgasmic tremors.

She downed my cock like it was the tastiest popsicle on the planet. Her head didn’t hesitate to bob up and down on it to the point where it was hitting the back of her throat. As her body spasmed in orgasms, I could tell that this was only exciting her more. She was tasting her ass on my dick. I had always thought those kinds of acts were gross, but at the moment, it was extremely hot.

In all honesty, in the shower where water was running continuously over her ass and my dick, it was probably as clean as my dick would ever be. Just watching her body shake as she came, and knowing I had driven her to a point where she was so turned on she wanted to suck my cock and pleasure me no matter where it had been, that realization was enough to finally put me over the end.

My hands grabbed her wet hair, and my balls began to swell as cum burst out of my cock. I didn’t know if it was because I had held off with London earlier, or if it was because I had teased Jasmine so much before finally going all the way. It might even have been just because anal was so fucking fun. In the end, I ended up cumming a ton. It turned out to be too much for Jasmine. Her eyes widened and then she coughed as I gagged her with my semen.

“Ah, fuck… it went up my nose!” She let out a cry as cum dribbled down her wet chin and landed on her chest.

As she had spit out my cock, I wasn’t even done, yet, and the next load hit her in the face. She opened her mouth and closed her eyes again, letting me unload a few more spurts on her face. She was extremely messy. Instead of swallowing it all down, she had gotten it all over. Her face and chest were a mess.

“Sorry…” I apologized, looking at her mess.

“Don’t be…” She said with a slightly croaky voice from the cum going down the wrong hole. “That was so fucking hot.”

As she said that, she used a finger to wipe her chin of some cum and then put it in her mouth, sucking on it like a sexy treat. Just that sight alone was enough that I was about to get hard again. However, at that moment, the glass door slid open. Before I could even react, I heard an ear-piercing scream. It was shrill enough that I felt like I’d need a hearing aid from now on. By that point, I turned to see the person screaming, and it was none other than Jake.

I had completely forgotten why I had come into the bathroom in the first place. At first, it had been to be caught fucking Jasmine. However, as I had gotten into it and began to enjoy all of Jasmine, while Jake had not come in wondering what was taking so long, I had completely forgotten and then just immersed myself in some good old fun. Now, at the very end of it, Jake showed up at just the wrong time. Thankfully, he wasn’t wearing that nasty male lingerie and had a robe around his body covering it up.

“J-Jake… ah… hey…” Jasmine was still on her knees covered in my cum, and she looked up at Jake innocently.

“What the fuck are you doing?”

“Hmm? Didn’t you tell me you weren’t interested in Jasmine? I was just giving her what you wouldn’t.” I responded.

“Y-you!” Jake’s eyes were wide with fury.

I guess he did plan to have fun with Jasmine. Too bad I got to her first. The bathroom door opened and two other people forced their way into the small bathroom.

“What happ-“ London was asking this until her eyes fell on the pair of us naked in the shower. “Jasmine, what the hell?”

London didn’t put any anger on me. Instead, her first reaction was to glare at Jasmine.

“H-hey… yeah… things between me and your brother… sort of just happened.” Jasmine laughed, scratching the back of her head casually like she wasn’t on her knees and covered in cum.

Of everyone there, she seemed to be the most at ease, even though she was in the most precarious situation.

“What about us?” Jake said, tears welling in his eyes.

She looked like she didn’t know what to say, so I grabbed her and dragged her up to a standing position. I immediately pulled her to me and then put my hand between her legs and started fingering her right in front of everyone.

“She’s mine now. Get lost.” I said.

As my fingers twiddled around Jasmine’s wet twat, she closed her eyes and shuddered with pleasure. She then looked at me with a very lewd expression.

“Damn, you’re so fucking good.”

“Jasmine!” Jake screamed out, and then his fist flew out.

I freaked out as he tried to punch Jasmine. I realized his fist was heading for her boob. I reached out to block it and was surprised at how little force he had. Despite everything, Jake was as weak as a kitten. I ended up catching his fist. With that, I shoved it back, causing Jake to stumble back. He looked one more time at Jasmine, a hurt expression on his face. Jasmine only shrugged innocently. He broke into tears, and then shoved passed London and Dan.

At this point, London had her mouth open and was still shocked, while Dan had an ugly expression on his face. Maybe he had been interested in playing with Jasmine too, but either way, I had spoiled their weekend plans.

“Get dressed.” London finally recovered, and then barked through gritted teeth. “We’re going to talk about this.”

She looked extremely pissed.

“W-wait…” Dan tried to say something, but London shoved him out the door and then slammed it.

Rather than feeling bad, I felt a bit giddy. This turned out about as good as I expected.

“Fuck, keep going, I’m going to come again.” Jasmine moaned.

I frowned, looking to see her rubbing her pussy against my hand like a cat in heat. Then, she leaned forward and tried to kiss me. I dodged her kiss.

“Dude, you got cum all over your face!” I said.

“So?” She said, wiping some off and licking it. “It’s fucking delicious.”

It was really hot seeing her do that, but I wasn’t going to kiss her like that.

“Take a shower first, and then I’ll finish you off,” I said.

I didn’t mean to frame it as a command, but then again, I didn’t expect Jasmine to nod like a loyal dog and immediately turn on the shower. She was taking me 100% in earnest. As soon as she cleaned off the cum, she wanted me to finish her off, even while an angry London waited outside. This girl was fucking shameless! I actually kind of liked it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“I can’t believe what you did!” Although London had pulled me into a private room, she yelled loud enough everyone in the cabin could hear her again.

“What I did?” I sneered. “Since when did I have to get your permission to do what I want?”

“Since I agreed to watch you this weekend! I’m the adult!”

“Are you now?” I raised an eyebrow, deliberately eyeing her body.

She blushed, covering herself slightly. “This isn’t about that!”

This time, she spoke in a hissed whisper. Although she was angry at me, she was still self-aware enough to understand that she couldn’t talk about certain things in front of her friends and boyfriend.

“London, this is only about that.” I responded back in just as hushed of a voice.

“What do you want from me?” She snapped back. “I tried to do stuff on the boat. You weren’t interested!”

Her voice came out as accusatory. In her mind, I had acted out because I was horny. However, she had already tried to cure such a condition, and I had refused, so she was looking genuinely confused. As for me, the anger I had felt earlier had already diminished quite a bit. Just being able to see the look on Jake’s face had already made my day. I had managed to vent my frustrations on Jasmine’s ass, so I was much calmer now.

At that moment, we heard a car engine turn over. The pair of us looked at each other, before walking out of the room and heading to the front of the cabin. There were car lights on, and there was a half-naked Jasmine in front of the cabin. She had flimsy tight shorts on that showed off her butt really nice, but she wasn’t wearing a top at all. Her delicious breasts were completely exposed to the night air. She had run up to the running car and was banging on it.

“Babe… come on. Don’t be like this.” Jasmine said.

I realized that inside the car was an enraged looking Jake. As Jasmine spoke, he lifted up his middle finger. He hit the gas slightly, turning the car to face down the drive way. Jasmine cried out, running to the front of the car and slapping her hands on the hood.

“You cunt! Leave me alone!” Jake’s muffled voice shouted from the inside of the car.

“Come on, don’t leave… we can work through this. It was just a mistake. He slipped in the shower and fell in me. You know how easy it is for little boys to cum!”

It was even clear to me that she couldn’t have said anything stupider.  Jake was seething, and even shot me a hateful look. He suddenly turned the car to reverse, and then back away, causing Jasmine to stumble. Then, he set it to drive and hit the gas. Jasmine wasn’t able to get her balance in time, and he swerved around her.

“Hey! Hey! What the hell are you doing? That’s my car!” London shouted out as Jake peeled off down the driveway and onto the street.

He ignored any of their words, and then kept on driving. The motor became distant and the light faded. Soon, all that could be heard was the crickets and the occasional splash of fish in the lake. Jasmine walked up to London, her flipflops clapping with each step until she stood side-by-side with London. She clapped a hand on London’s shoulder casually.

“Men… am I right?” She asked innocently.

“Don’t!” London shoved Jasmine off of her. “Just don’t…”

“What?” Jasmine held up her arms like she was completely innocent, and confused as to why she was being targeted with London’s aggression.

“What? What! What the fuck do you think?” She gestured her arm into the darkness, where a cloud of dust was still settling from where her car drove off. “The buses don’t run on weekends. We’re stuck here until Monday!”

“Really? Ah, well, isn’t that fine? You got a cute boyfriend. I got a cute boyfriend. I’m sure we can keep this weekend entertaining.” Jasmine laughed innocently.

“The fuck did you just say?” London stuck her finger in Jasmine’s face. “You have a cute boyfriend? You better be talking about the dick that just stole my car, because if you’re talking about my little brother…”

Watching London freak out was immensely enjoyable. She was always so cool and collected. She could be a tad condescending and self-absorbed. Right now though, all of her walls were done, and I was just trying to keep from laughing.

“Oh… I see… you’re just pissed because I banged your little brother and your car got stolen.” Jasmine nodded like she had just genuinely realized this.

“Yes! Yes… I’m pissed off because you touched my brother and got my car stolen!” London was shaking, her face red.

“First off, the car is not my fault. Didn’t see that coming. Besides, he’s Dan’s friend, go blame him.”

“You…”

“As for your brother…” Jasmine suddenly looked embarrassed, even shooting me a glance. “I um… I didn’t want to say this now, but… I think I’m in love.”

“What?” London stared at her flatly, like her mind had just imploded suddenly.

“Noah, your brother. I’m in love with your little brother.”

“Don’t… you… dare…” London shook her head.

“I’m sorry, sis, but what happened between us, it wasn’t just an accident. It meant something. I felt it in here.” She put her hand on her naked chest.

“Your heart?” London’s voice now sounded like all hope was lost in this world.

“No, girl, my tits. Remember? I told you how my tits would have this tingle when I found the right guy. Well, they are tingling all over!”

“Oh, god…” London turned away with a disgusted look, walking back to the cabin.

Dan was standing in the doorway, watching this with an incredulous look on his face. I was a bit farther out, standing in the driveway where the car once had been. As London walked away, heading toward the door, Jasmine followed, keeping her distance a few steps behind.

“It’s true. Look, it’s just how I feel. Damn… they’re as hard as glass. That means something!”

“It means it’s chilly and you’re wet without a shirt on!” London snapped back, still muttering to herself.

“Naw, sis… it’s love!” Jasmine stopped right in front of me, and then her spine suddenly straightened and she looked at me, her face blushing.

“Love?” I asked.

London stopped at the doorway. Dan was trying to bring her inside, but she spun back, looking at Jasmine closely while Dan pulled on her arm.

“Ah… yeah…” She said, smiling goofily. “It’s just… when you were inside my ass, it felt so amazing. I was like… I want this guy in my ass all the time… and you can have my pussy too!”

I glanced at London who was raising an eyebrow, then back at Jasmine who was staring at me hopefully.

“That’s… the sweetest thing a girl has ever said to me.”

She broke into a relieved smile. “Cool… cool… um… you’re like really hot, and even though you’re a bit younger, I don’t think you’re dumb at all. I like your dick… and your chest… ah… that’s not to say I only like you for your body. You have a great mind too.”

“Man… your nips are hard.” I poked one of them, “They could cut glass.”

“Hehe…” she chuckled. “Yeah, guess it is a bit cold. I like you though, so, I mean, with Jake gone, be my boyfriend?”

I looked deliberately over at London and spoke slowly and deliberately. “I would love to.”

She clenched her teeth and shook her head with an irritated expression, then she moved through the front door, finally letting Dan take her and letting the screen slam shut. London didn’t have a place to say anything about our relationship. Although Jake and Jasmine had been a couple, it wasn’t like they were serious. In this state, 17 was legal, so I was grown up enough to make my own decisions. Furthermore, if she did press things, she’d end up having to reveal things to mom, and I knew London wasn’t willing to do that.

Jasmine followed my eyesight toward the door where London had just left and then nodded. “Yeah, don’t worry about London. She’s my sis. She’s angry now, but she’ll eventually get used to it. Who cares what she thinks anyway, right?”

“Want to fuck?” I asked.

“Yeah?” Her eyes brightened. “Can you go again? Damn… I’m already wet just thinking about it.”

“Okay… let’s go fuck.”

I grabbed her hand and the pair of us walked into the cabin. I wasn’t going to take her to her bed after seeing Jake in his sexy underwear on that thing short of taking fire to it, so we went to my bedroom instead. This was the bedroom that I was supposed to share with Dan. However, Dan was in London’s room trying to calm her down.

“Ooo… fuck… fuck… yeah… fuck!” Jasmine’s moans started to fill the cabin.

Well, before her moans, there was the squeaking. She was riding on top, her boobs bouncing up and down wildly, and the springs on this cabin mattress had gotten a bit squeaky. It was very clear what we were doing long before we had started. At this point, the cat was out of the bag, and there was no point in hiding anything.

Jasmine was a luscious girl, and she had a lot of stamina. When I came inside her, she’d rub her wet, dirty cunt against my soft prick until it grew hard again, and then we’d start. Since she was on top and doing all the work, all I had to do was lie back and play with her hard nipples. They didn’t get any softer in my hands, but I did drive her into orgasm after orgasm.

I definitely would have crapped out after two times if I had been doing the work, but since she was riding me, I found us ending up going about five or six times. I felt like a stud, especially with a vibrant, dark-skinned beauty on top of me. We kissed until our lips were chapped, and fucked until even my cock ached a bit. Finally, we passed out in a sweaty, naked mass on the bed.

Of course, Dan wouldn’t barge in and he wouldn’t want to sleep on the bed after the mess we made on it. He ended up sleeping with London. Ultimately, this entire affair seemed to have left him more flummoxed. On the one hand, it was good that I was revealed as a sex fiend. On the other hand, London had grown extremely distant and angry.

I didn’t know this at the time, but under the sounds of us having vigorous sex, and with them not being able to sleep, Dan had tried to seduce London numerous times. However, listening to her little brother give it to her friend, she wasn’t in the mood at all, and had slapped away Dan’s hand and even turned her back on him icily. Come morning, both of them were in a bad mood.

As for Jasmine, she woke up whistling, went out and made breakfast, and then served it to me in bed. While I ate it, I felt some fumbling around my pants. I looked over my tray table to see Jasmine pulling my cock out of my pants. While I ate breakfast, she sucked my cock.

In the long term, I wasn’t sure if I could keep up with this nympho, but for the weekend, I was thinking things were going to be a lot more entertaining.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Glug. Glug. Glug.

“Ahhh… so thirsty…” I took a breath as I finished drinking down a glass of water.

It was Saturday afternoon, and I had woken up not too long ago. Of course, Jasmine was ready to go again, and after two more bouts I came out to get a drink. I filled a glass from the sink and drank it right in front of London. She was standing there with her arms crossed, an angry glower on her face. Dan was in the main room of the lodge, sitting on the couch. It was clear they hadn’t been talking much. Well, that was difficult over the sound of Jasmine’s moans. He had his head down and seemed to be too embarrassed to say anything.

“I know what you’re trying to do.” London hissed through her clenched teeth.

“Hmm? What’s that?” I asked.

London shot a look at Dan and then leaned close to me. “You’re trying to make me jealous. You’re trying to make me leave Dan. How can I do that? You’re my little brother! If I gave up my everything for you, how would that look? Mom would hate us, and people would look at us strangely. Can’t you be more mature about this? You know how I feel about you.”

“Hmm? Do I?” I drank the rest of the water and then put it on the counter with a click. “The only thing I’m doing is getting a drink of water.”

I turned to leave. She reached out like she wanted to grab my arm, but then she stopped herself. As I headed back to my room, she watched me with a hesitant expression on her face. In the end, she didn’t say anything as I went back into a room thick with the smell of sex. I didn’t know that sex could smell so pungent, but, if you did it several times, the bedroom would get a muggy, rich smell to it. I could smell my horny little Jasmine steaming up the room.

She was lying on the bed naked, her head face-first in a pillow and her bare ass uncovered. She was snoring right now, having passed out asleep. I considered violating her while she was asleep and going for another round, but the truth was I wasn’t that interested in doing it again. After the novelty of a new woman, I found myself right back where I was yesterday. When all of your sexual needs were met, it did change your way of thinking.

In reality, the only reason I slept with her was to annoy London. Maybe she was right, maybe I was being immature. However, I felt she was being immature too, but she was just too blind and stubborn to admit it. A somewhat loud fart noise filled the room followed by a loud sigh from the sleeping Jasmine. I honestly couldn’t tell which side it came out of. No longer in the mood, I put a blanket over her ass and watched television for a bit as I recovered.

I quickly found myself feeling anxious, so I got up and left the bedroom. As I walked through the cabin, I found that Dan and London weren’t there. My expression darkened as I thought of them going off somewhere to do stuff. Without a car, I had expected them to be stranded. Their room was empty, and the boat was still docked at the pier, so they weren’t doing any of that. This was when I noticed a letter on the kitchen counter addressed to me.

I picked it up and opened it. It was written in girly writing from London. The contents said that she had left with Dan on a hiking trip. She said if I wanted to eat tonight, I needed to catch up with them at their picnic location. At first, I considered telling them to screw off, but my stomach rumbled at that exact moment, and a look at the clock said it was dinner time.

Of course, I also had to admit I was thinking about Dan and London being alone together on some kind of romantic picnic. After listening to us do it all day, there was no telling how the pair would react. If they ended up rekindling their relationship by blowing off steam they had gained from being aggravated at me, I just didn’t know if I could stand it.

Looking deeper into the envelope, I found that it included a map and a compass. I snorted at both of them. I took my phone which had GPS and then marked the point after comparing it with the map. Then, I put my phone away and left. I decided to leave Jasmine to fart and snore all she wanted. I quickly found the path that they had taken and started walking into the forest. The path was pretty clear, and although there were a few splits, it wasn’t too difficult to navigate.

It took about thirty minutes, but I came out into the expected picnic area. It was a clearing with a few dozen picnic tables, some coal-based stoves, and even a playground for the kids. There were one or two families there, and I could smell their cooking. I hoped it was hamburgers. When they went shopping, Dan insisted on getting hotdogs, because that was what you did on fishing trips. I typically like burgers better. If they didn’t have them, I’d see if I could make London go back and get them.

As I thought that, I mused a bit. There was a time in my life where thoughts like that would have gotten me punched. I should have gotten my burgers if I wanted them. Maybe I had been acting too spoiled this entire trip, perhaps it was a bit too much. Maybe I should treat London a little nicer on this trip. This was our one chance to bond, and I felt like I had all but ruined it thanks to my behavior.

With a sigh, I looked around the picnic area, but I didn’t see Dan or London. I began to frown a bit, looking all over the clearing, and even off into the woods a bit, for where they might have set up for lunch. Had they seriously sent me here for nothing? Many thoughts went into my head as I walked around the clearing. I considered that maybe they did it to just get rid of me so that London could finally go fishing with Jasmine. Maybe, she wanted me out of the house to confront her.

Maybe, they had already finished and were already heading back from some other trail. Maybe, they hadn’t arrived yet, and I got here quicker because I used the GPS and took a direct route. I went back and forth between irritated and worried, all the way until I had made three laps around the place and was sure they weren’t here.

Biting my lip, I sighed and sat down against a tree near one of the tables. I’d give them ten minutes or so, and if they didn’t show up, then I’d head back to the house. With the sun beating on me, and having been up all the previous night having sex and not even sleeping very much in the morning, I quickly ended up falling asleep.

My dreams were a bit dark, bouncing around dreams of London, Dan, Jasmine, and even Jake. It was difficult to say what the dreams were about. It was more just a bundle of unpleasant feelings. It was the crack of a twig that caused my eyes to snap open. I shivered instantly as a cold wind blew past me. At first, I looked around in confusion, but I quickly came to realize that it was now dark out. The picnic area was completely abandoned, and there wasn’t a person in sight.

Shuffling to my feet, I felt a bit sore after sleeping propped against a tree. Looking around now, I realized that the moon wasn’t out and it was very dark out. I couldn’t see much more than five feet in front of me.

Pulling out my phone, I quickly used it as a flashlight. Thankfully, I still had a charge. I had remembered at least that much. I accessed the GPS and did a return to where I started. Although I couldn’t see the trail, the GPS knew it. I walked into the black night, listening to the chirping of night creatures as I walked to the trail. It was as I located the trail that I heard something. I could hear steps coming down the gravel path toward me.

It looked like someone was heading out to the picnic area, but it was during a time where there wasn’t supposed to be anyone here. Maybe, they were looking to have sex, or maybe, it was London looking for me? As the footsteps approached, I realized that there was something off about it. That something was that while I was depending on a phone light, the person approaching me didn’t have anything. They were just walking alone through the pitch-black night?

I held up my phone as the form approached, trying to see who it was. “Hello? London?”

Of course, I also tried to keep my distance, backing up into the clearing so there was some space. Although I wasn’t frightened, it wasn’t like I didn’t get the horror story vibes coming from this. The person remained back so I couldn’t make them out. I squinted, but at that moment they suddenly broke into a full charge running at me.

I stumbled back instinctively. “Shit! It’s a psycho.”

What the hell was with my luck? I toss my phone to the side and then braced myself. Just as the form reached me, I threw out a full punch. I clocked them right in the face, and they went flying to the side. With a scream, I jumped on top of them, grabbing their shirt, and raising my fist for another go.

“W-wait! Noah! Wait, it’s me!” London cried out defensively.

“London?” I stopped my fist just before it reached her, but I was still gripping her shirt as I stared down at her in shock.

She was bleeding from the lip now. It looked like I got her good.

“What the hell are you doing?” I demanded angrily. “I almost killed you!”

“What were you doing? You worried the hell out of me!” She shot back, just as angrily.

“Uh… not running up on people in the dark?” I snapped.

This got a blush out of her. “You’ve had me scared. I’ve been looking for you all night. Once I saw you were safe, I thought… I was just thinking a little payback would be nice. Let you be scared, and teach you a lesson for running off in the woods!”

“I hardly ran off.” I snorted. “After all, this is where you told me to go.”

“Huh?” London blinked.

“The hike and the picnic? I was just following your instructions in the letter.”

“What letter?” She asked.

“The letter with compass and map?” I responded, throwing my hands out.

“Noah, we didn’t go on a hike today. Besides, the only compass I have is broken, so we’d never use it or give it to you.”

“What?”

She let out a sigh. “Dan wanted a desert, so he made me walk to the nearest gas station to buy him some. I was able to bum a phone and report my car missing too. That’s what I was doing earlier today.”

“That… that… fucker!”

“What?”

“Dan! He set me up! Broken compass? He wanted me to get lost on the trail!”

She rolled her eyes. “Damn it, Noah, not this crap again. Are you going to blame Dan for everything?”

“The note was girly! You’re a doctor, you write like shit.”

“Uh… thanks?”

“How did I not see this sooner?” I punched my palm. “If I didn’t use my GPS and tried to follow his map and compass, you might not even see me now, or ever again! Of course, he’d innocently claim I must have taken it without knowing or some garbage.”

London openly looked at me with disbelief now. “You need to leave Dan alone. I know you have whatever feelings, but if you’re going to hump Jasmine all day, the least you can do is back off my boyfriend.”

“Are you even listening? He left a note! He tried to get me lost.”

“You must be misunderstanding something…” She said, her eyes shifting slightly.

“How can you be so dumb?” I shouted. “Dan’s a bad person.”

“Just get off me. We can go back and we’ll be home tomorrow.”

“Wake up!” My hand flew out and I slapped her cheek.

It wasn’t a rough slap, but enough that her mouth opened. She reached out and then slapped me back. Her eyes widened as if she was shocked that she had slapped me herself. She grabbed me at the same time I grabbed her, and then our mouths found each other. I didn’t know what suddenly came over us, but soon our clothing started coming off. It turned out that we were the trespassers coming to the picnic area in the middle of the night to fuck.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This wasn’t the first time that I had done sexual stuff with London, but up until that point, we hadn’t had sex. At first, she had been resistive to the idea, only kissing a few times and giving me head after I coerced her. However, those restrictions broke down with time as she got used to and excited by the idea of having her brother. Ultimately, she invited me on this trip for the sole purpose of expecting us to sleep together. She wanted to have me, and it was difficult to do when I was at home surrounded by my sisters.

Of course, that never stopped Mackenzie, but we’d also had our close calls, and besides, Mackenzie wasn’t London. Then, London had brought me out on the lake, and in her excitement, grew a bit forceful. This pissed me off, especially given her unwillingness to listen to me and trying to treat me like a little kid while trying to sleep with me like an adult. The result was that I ended up in Jasmine’s pants, spending the weekend reminding her that I was an adult and could do what I wanted with my body.

This somehow came to a head unexpectedly in the woods. It was dark and isolated. We were in an area about fifteen minutes away from the closest camping places, and no one was likely to be jogging up here in the middle of the night. However, London had the good sense that after we made out a bunch and had slipped out of our clothing to relocate from right in the middle of the path.

Grabbing up all the clothes, she pranced off into the dark, finding a more isolated location behind a big tree where we might have a chance to hide and get dressed if someone did come up the path. Watching a twenty-four-year-old woman with a bundle of clothing in her hands butt-nakedly tiptoe through the park at night was a surreal experience. If anyone saw this girl, who was here planning to bang a seventeen-year-old boy who was also her brother, they’d never be able to believe she was also an intelligent medical school graduate.

With a small half-smile on my face, I scampered after her like a cheetah stalking a gazelle. She had barely laid herself down when I pounced on top of her. London let out a noise, but rather than act shy, she turned and kissed me, her hand reaching hungrily for my cock. That was right, this was a world where the women were the cheetahs. However, I wasn’t a gazelle, so it was questionable who would eat up the other in the end.

While her hand enthusiastically stroked my cock, my hand mischievously ran through the pubic hair of her nether regions before I slid two fingers inside her. My fingers began to explore her pussy, while her hand gripped my cock. The pair of us began kissing again, our tongues attacking each other’s mouths as we fell to the ground together, neither one of us willing to back off. London was an older woman, who was filled with experience. While all of my younger sisters were virgins who didn’t know much about sex beyond their own fantasies, London was an experienced woman, who still had the exuberance of youth.

“Hah… Noah… yeah… finger fuck me.” She gasped, kissing my cheeks in little pecks as her body grew more excited.

I obliged, even trying to add a third finger. It barely fit, but she raised one of her legs, spreading herself so I could push my fingers deep inside. Her pussy was very wet, and sliding inside her felt like pushing my fingers into an apricot. I rotating my wrist, making sure that I pushed my fingers as deep into her wet insides as possible before pulling them out again.

“Yeah, baby, like that.” She panted, her hand moving faster and faster on my cock.

The outdoor air was chilly, especially since we were naked, but the feel of her warm body against mine was exceptionally good. Her hot breath struck my face as she panted, filling my nostrils with a sweet breath. The fragrance between her legs also started to fill the air. I lay on the cold grass, but I was sweating. More than that, I was getting hotter by the moment. By the time I realized her machinations were going to make me cum, it was too late. I hadn’t even stuck it inside her yet, and I was already going to lose a load.

However, just as I was about to reach my end, London cried out, her back arcing, shoving her pelvis against my hand. She let go of my cock and grabbed her chest, squeezing on her nipples. The other hand squeezed my arm, and it tightened as she came.

“I’m cumming!” She moaned.

Her body spasmed orgasmically against, her breath coming out in heavy gasps as she shuddered in satisfaction. Her thighs wrapped around my hand and squeezing together tightly, nearly to the point my fingers hurt. I could feel her pussy pulsating in my grip, wet liquid leaking out and soaking my hand.

“Fuck… fuck…” She moaned as her body started to calm down, still sputtering with sexual delight. “Noah…”

Feeling like I dodged a bullet by having her cum first, I gave a small smile. “I love you, London.”

She leaned over and kissed my lips. “That was amazing. Thanks.”

There was a certain finality to her words, causing me to frown slightly. She didn’t reach down for my cock. In fact, she lay down on her back, her legs open like she was airing it out after making a mess down there. Her hand remained on her chest, and she recovered her breath while looking up to the sky.

“London?”

“Hmm? Oh, we should probably go back soon.”

“Did you think we were done?” I asked.

“Did you not cum?”

I stared at her in disbelief. In the past, I had always cum first, or cum when she hadn’t at all, so I had never realized this, but London was a one and done girl. Since she was sexually satisfied, she had no ambition or desire to fuck me anymore. Once she got what she wanted, she was happy to roll over and sleep! Now, I was starting to understand why Dan cheated. I didn’t want to sympathize with that asshole at all, but the hell I was going to let it end here.

“We’re still having sex,” I told her.

“O-oh… sure, if you want.” She was acting like it was weird I wanted it.

“Just get the fuck on my cock.”

I might have jumped on top and pushed her down, but she pissed me off, so why not make her do the work. Once she used up her energy, then I’d be the one having the last laugh.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to make you mad.” She chuckled like it was a joke, bringing her hand up to her face.

“It’s fine.”

“Don’t worry, I’ll make you feel good too.” With her hand on her face, she took a sniff and looked at me lewdly. “Mmm… my hand smells like your cock. That smell really turns me on.”

Although she said this, the way she spoke it was like she just wanted to say something erotic. It worked, but it also had a layer of phoneyness to it, like a girl calling your cock big when she didn’t really think it was.

She casually swung her leg over and got on top of me. “You were wearing a rubber with Jasmine, right?”

“Yes.” I lied.

“Good… I’m only doing it bareback because I’m responsible and on the pill.” She explained. “But other partners, if they make you have a baby, it’d be dreadful.”

This world didn’t have very many STDs, so pregnancy was a greater concern. Somehow, despite it being the woman who got pregnant, it seemed to be the guy who had to deal with the burden. I roll my eyes as London lectured me like a kid again. Once she had gotten off, all of her animalistic desires had cooled, and she had turned back into my obnoxious big sister. I still planned to make her pay though, so I bared with it for the moment.

London lined up my cock, and then dropped down on top of it. “Ahhn…”

I was finally in my half-sister London. We had beat around the bush for a bit, but finally, I conquered her pussy. She was as slim or as youthful as Mackenzie, but there was something about the way she sat on top of my cock that felt like she belonged there. It was a familiarity with a woman who knew what she was doing. She then began to ride my cock, rotating her hips back and forth and she rubbed my cock in and out of her pussy.

The feeling was incredible, and instantly showed the disparity between an experienced woman and a teen girl. Although I had played with my teacher and a few other adults, they were older than London, and perhaps a bit slower and less passionate.

“Your penis really fills up my pussy.” She moaned. “We’re very compatible.”

“That’s good, I guess.”

Watching her ride on top of me, she was doing it with extreme calmness. In the night air, she bounced and gyrated, her eyes focused on the task at hand. She wasn’t loud, sloppy, sadistic, or aggressive. Her sexual attitude was very cool and collected. Her body seemed to lack passion, especially now that we already broke the ice. I found myself realizing more about my sister by having sex with her than I did from all my previous observations.

“Ahn… Ahn… I’m going to come again.” She announced.

Her breath was staggered and she spoke in gasps, but once again, there wasn’ t much emotion there. It felt very clinical. Her body shuddered as she came, and she stopped moving her hips again.

“Keep going!” I urged.

“Sorry, I can’t.” She panted. “I need a moment.”

I hadn’t expected my attack to come so soon. I was just shocked as I realize the horrifying truth. My sister might have had a lot of sexual experience, but she was super vanilla. I hadn’t noticed ever before because, in this world, gender was reversed. I had taken her aggressive sexual approach and her willingness to touch and suck me to mean she was a pretty perverted and deviant woman.

That wasn’t the case at all! It all made so much sense now. Dan cheated on her because she was vanilla with sex. It’d be like having a girlfriend who only did missionary in my old world. She convinced you she was adventurous because she sucked your dick on the first date, but in the end, she was basic. It was no wonder that she had found such comfort in me. I gave her sex life some excitement and taboo she had never had before. To her, just doing it in the forest was probably the most exciting sex of her life. Even when we passionately made out and ripped each other’s clothes off, she had pulled away and then hidden us somewhere more private.

If I was a normal guy from this world, I could find London very unsatisfying. Fortunately, I wasn’t just any guy. Even if she didn’t have the heart of a pervert, didn’t that just make it all much more fun when I opened up her horizons? Licking my lips, I grabbed onto London and shoved her over. She had seriously reached the end of it. Two orgasms were probably already considered the most passionate sex she had ever had.

“N-Noah! What are you doing?” She gasped as I pushed her down to the ground.

I grinned. I was going to show her what passionate sex felt like!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"N-Noah.” London gasped, looking up at me with wide eyes as I pushed her down.

I reached down and grabbed her legs, spreading them as I shoved myself inside her. Having already cum several times, her pussy was wet and juicy, accepting my cock without resistance. However, it was more of the roughness that caught her off guard. To put it in terms of my old world, it’d be like a man always used to missionary while his wife just lay there, only for the woman under him to shove him down and start riding him like, well, London had been riding me earlier.

London was an uptight woman who was used to control. She was smart, but that also made her a bit stubborn and cocky. It wasn’t that surprising that she had a friend like Jasmine. Although they had so many differences between each other, one could see that Jasmine was a free, unrestrained spirit. Opposites attracted, and London likely had respect for Jasmine’s wild side. In short, she hung out with Jasmine for a taste of the wildlife she denied herself.

Then again, this was the same reason she had started a relationship with me. She was like one of those disenfranchised men who desired to do something wild. Pursuing her half-brother as well as having an affair on her boyfriend was just the kind of excitement she had longed for. However, in the end of it, that didn’t change her original boring personality. For that, I’d have to dig a little deeper to find London’s wild side.

By deeper, I meant into her pussy, with my penis. While holding on to her legs, I started to pump my cock into her, using my experience and youthful exuberance to give her pussy a good fucking. Her expression was a mixture of stunned excitement and lewdness. My cock slammed in hard and fast, creating wet slapping sounds that would likely carry across the entire clearing if anyone happened to be there at that time.

“Ahhh… Ahhh… N-N-Noah!” She gasped, her body shaking as I enjoyed her without restraint.

Having already cum once, and also had sex, she was very wet, and after feeling her cunt pounded, more liquid formed. As she came, liquid splattered out over my crotch, almost like I was digging a well and struck water. Each thrust brought out a splash of fragrant liquid. It splashed over her thick pubic hair, giving it a lewd shine, and it splashed all over me as well. I didn’t care, I continued to smash her pussy, my cock moving just as fast, ignoring her constricting pussy.

With my vice-like grip on her legs, and my cock pounding into her thrust after thrust, London seemed to not know what to do with her body. She kept moving her arms. At first, she tried to grab my arms, but when she couldn’t get comfortable, she grabbed her own tits. However, even that couldn’t probably match the extreme sexual feelings flooding through her body. She threw them up over her head, as if she was giving in, and allowing me to have her body.

“Ahhh… fuck… fuck… yeah…” She moaned. “Ah… your dick is so hard… fuck… fuck…”

Being relegated to a submissive role against her nature, London relied instead on a stream of dirty words to feel like she was part of the sex act. She kept this up for a bit, but as she started orgasming for her third time, it became harder and harder for her to think. Frankly, that was my goal in the first place. The good doctor was thinking too much during sex.

Slap. Slap. Slap.

My balls were slapping against her cunt after each thrust. I used hard piston movements that showed no mercy to her or me. Had I not been so rough that even my balls were sore, I probably would have cum already. Thankfully, I managed to hold it all in, even as I wanted to creampie her cunnie.

“I-it’s too much…” She bit her lips. “Please… a break…”

Although my hips were a bit sore from going all out, I had no intention of stopping now. I flopped my body onto her tits, grabbing her wrists and shoving them over her head. My thrusts remained just as rough, but I added full body contact, smothering her naked sweaty body with my own. My chest pressed up tightly with hers, feeling the soft skin of her nipples. She threw her head back as she orgasmed again.

“Ahhh! Noah!”

With her neck exposed, I attacked it, sucking on it roughly and even biting. Her body shuddered and spasmed. I could feel her writhing under me as she exploded in another wet, juicy orgasm. However, I gave her body no means of retreat, and she could only squirm under me helplessly as I continued to torture her body.

We continued for an undetermined amount of time. I had completely lost track as my body melted into hers. I fucked her pussy until my cock felt a little burned. There was so much friction between our pubic hair I felt like I might get a rash. My balls were sore from slapping repeated against her. As for her pussy, it was a juicy, filthy mess.

“Mmmm… Mmmm!” She moaned as my mouth and hers fought.

She kissed as aggressively as I did, but with her pushed on the ground and her arms over her head, it was the only part of her body that had any freedom to act. Thus, we played aggressive tonsil hockey. Each time another tremor of orgasm erupted, her tongue would retreat and she’d let out lewd moans into my mouth. I finally ripped my mouth from hers, a stream of saliva connecting our mouths.

She looked up at me with flushed cheeks, and at this point, she gave no illusions of superiority or dominance. She had completely succumbed to my dick, just waiting as her body was blasted with orgasm after orgasm. Seeing her cute and disarming face was as much as I could take.

“I’m going to cum in you!” I whispered in her ear.

“I love you, Noah…” She responded with a single pant.

Earlier, I had told her I loved her, and her response had been to thank me, remaining clinically distant. Now, it was her lost in her feelings, lost in her lust. I grinned, letting go of her arms and then grabbing her ass as I shoved myself as deep into her womb as I could. Her own hands instinctively grabbed onto me like she was afraid I’d let go. My cock began to swell, and at the same time, her body began to arch.

Her nails suddenly dug into my back, and as she came, she scratched it. Her teeth were clenched, her head up so her chin was facing me. Her eyes were shut tight. It was clear that her entire body was experiencing a mind-blowing orgasm. Her pussy began to hungrily clench on my cock, trying to milk it. After she experienced an unknown number of orgasms, I couldn’t hold back anymore. My cock erupted inside her, my cum shooting out into her womb.

The sudden feeling of me shooting inside of her only drove this final orgasm to new heights. Completely losing control of her body, she clawed at my back like an animal as her body spasmed without control. If I hadn’t been on top of her, pushing her down with my body, the strength of her orgasm would have tossed me off of her and caused her to spasm away like someone in a seizure. However, as I pinned her pussy down with my cock and filled it up with my cum, she was helpless but to take it.

She had long lost the capacity to speak. Now, only guttural moans and whines erupted from her lips. She was like a wild beast, her entire body only focused on her own pleasure. If at this moment, Dan walked up and saw everything, she likely wouldn’t even realize it for ten minutes, and might not even care. She’d be more interested in finishing than addressing him. That was the stage she had been brought to.

Finally, the pair of us collapsed on top of each other, a sweaty, naked, dirty mess. The ground under us had been turned partially muddy by London’s discharges, and her back was covered in leaves. My back was covered in scratches, but I was happy to wear them as a matter of pride.

Slowly, her body calmed down, the rhythmic clenches of her pussy finally relenting on my cock. This allowed it to finally soften, as it was kept in a state of perpetual erection thanks to her pussy’s strong sucking power. As I pulled out, a small spurt of white cum leaked out of her cunt and dripped down her asshole. Her pretty flower had been blasted open and was now a gaping hole made by my dick.

Although I pulled out of her, she grabbed onto me, holding me like she was afraid I’d leave. She was still breathing hard, and it was another ten minutes before she was able to recover her breath. In truth, I wasn’t much better. I lay next to her, with her arms wrapped around me and her naked chest pressed against my face, barely able to move after our exhausting actions.

“Noah… that was…” London wasn’t able to finish that word.

Once, I had brutally fucked her throat. She had happily expressed joy at how exciting that was. This, on the other hand, wasn’t exciting. It was on an entirely different level. It was far more than London ever wanted. It was so far beyond what London ever fantasized about, that it was difficult to articulate it into words. It widened her sexual horizons, to say the least.

“London…” I looked up at her. “Dan’s a piece of shit.”

She closed her eyes for a second and then sighed. “I know.”

“And?”

“I just… I don’t want to be alone.” She said, a tear unexpectedly running down her cheek. “I’ve given everything to my education. That’s what a girl is supposed to do, right? We’re supposed to be rich and successful. Boys want a doctor wife. I’ve given everything to that, that I don’t have anything else but Dan. If I give up on him, then what was the point of everything I went through?”

She didn’t ask that question expecting an answer. In her mind, the value of being a doctor was being able to provide for her family. She needed someone who needed her. Once she lost someone needing her money, her time, and her love, then she had nothing left. The idea of having to start over scared her.

I felt like I could understand this. Every guy in my world suffered from the constant feeling that they had to be a provider for their wife. Some men wanted to be the provider and weren’t interested in a woman who worked. London had pushed herself so far exactly because she wanted to be that provider, but the man who she had ended up with wasn’t someone who deserved that treatment.

“You can do better.”

She gave a wry laugh. “You’re better.”

“I’m your half-brother,” I responded simply.

Her smile turned slightly sad. “This is the last time we’re going to have sex… isn’t it?”

“That depends on you…” I responded.

“I see… so if I keep fucking up, then you’ll keep at me until I learn… It almost makes me want to continue being a fuck up.” She laughed gently. “But, I guess, at some point, I just need to grow up. You’ve shown me that there is a lot more to be desired in this world. I will definitely go get it. You’re my half-brother, but I will always love you. Your place in my heart, it won’t change, but I also understand I have to step aside, to allow you to grow and become the man you need to be. If I try to monopolize you for myself, I’ll just be acting selfish, right? So, ultimately, it depends on me, right?”

“Ah… no…” I looked embarrassed before pushing my hips forward, poking her hip with my erect penis. “I meant; it depends on if you’re ready to go again.”

Her eyes widened, and then she looked down at my erect penis, a blush forming on her cheeks. “A-ah… j-just one more! For the road!”

Three times and two hours later, the two of us walked back down the path. We were both dressed, but after rolling around for so long, our hair was a mess, our faces were dirty, and our clothing was askew. Anyone would be an idiot for not expecting we had been up to something. On top of that, the pair of us held each other closely, unabashedly remaining close. The tension between us was gone.

I wasn’t sure if we’d ever have sex again, but it was clear that our relationship had completely changed. The barriers that used to keep us distant had been blown away, and we were completely relaxed with each other. As we reached the cabin, she had her arm around my shoulders and I had mine around her waist, and we saw no reason to undo it as we spoke inconsequentially about our lives.

When we pushed open the door, there was a sudden cry. Our eyes dropped on the couch. Dan sat up. He was shirtless and was straddling Jasmine. It was clear they had been making out at the least, and by the state of their clothing, they were about to go farther. Dan covered his chest with a cry.

“L-London! This isn’t what it looks like! I mean…” His eyes flashed haughtily. “This is your fault when you really think about it. You left for so long, and you’ve been distant to me this entire weekend. Now that you’re here, I demand an apology!”

“Dan,” London spoke, her expression completely relaxed.

“Wh-what?”

“We’re fucking over.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Have you talked to her about it?”

“No.”

“Well, she’s definitely not on ADD medication. It could be something she’s using to help her focus on her studies.”

“Maybe.”

“Or… it could be something that she’s selling…” London sighed. “At least, she didn’t get them through me.”

“I see.”

London and I were on a bus now. We had walked the distance to the gas station. At first, she was going to call a pickup in a cab, but we weren’t far from the bus station and it wasn’t much to get a ride home. As for Dan and Jasmine, London specifically canceled their ride. It would be up to them to take care of themselves from now on. It was the least London could do after everything. Of course, I had encouraged her to do it. London wasn’t the only one cheated on.

Perhaps, we would have been truly angry, if we hadn’t been doing much the same ourselves. It took a thick skin to berate someone for cheating when you yourself were doing the exact same thing. Rather, seeing the pair together only seemed to calm the pair of us, taking away the last little bit of anxiety and worry that we had regarding everything. I had only been using Jasmine to bug London anyway, so I didn’t have too many lingering regrets. As for London, I think she had already decided to leave Dan on her own to pursue something better, and so this only gave her an excuse.

That didn’t stop Dan from breaking down in tears. I had already felt traumatized seeing him acting in traditionally female roles. Seeing him cry thick crocodile tears was gross. When he realized that tears weren’t working, he changed the tactic and got angry. He screamed obscenities toward London, calling her many names. I sat on the couch seething as he pissed me off more and more. He launched all kinds of accusations that London was a cheater first, even claiming we had sex.

It was clear by both of their expressions though, that they didn’t actually believe this to be the case. I found it kind of amusing how close they actually were to the truth, yet even they couldn’t believe a brother and sister started such a relationship. I was worried that London’s newfound clarity would wane under Dan’s assaults, but she stood her ground and came off kind of cool as she met all of that vitriol with a cold look and a small frown.

Then, Dan tried to hit London. She managed to dodge the worst one, but Dan came at her like an animal. I launched off the couch and before anyone knew what happened, I had sucker-punched Dan. He fell back onto his butt, surprised that he had been hit. By the looks of it, he had been trying to get London to attack him back. Then, he’d claim that he was attacked, and go to the police. Maybe, that was my overactive imagination, but he had that kind of look on his face.

When he fell back onto the ground after I punched him, he had a realization that it wouldn’t work. Not only had he been struck by someone, but it was another man. That man was their junior, and also just a bit smaller than them. There was no way he could convince the police of us being in the wrong. That’s when Dan’s anger redirected on me. I wasn’t scared of him, although he had a few inches on me. He was ultimately not up for a real fight.

That didn’t happen though. When he sprung up, letting out a scream and racing at me, the girls stepped in. I let London get in front of me while Jasmine grabbed the screaming Dan. At this point, he was spitting and screaming. It was weird seeing him have such a mental breakdown. Jasmine managed to drag him away to his room, where he finally broke into tears and sobbed so loudly it sounded through the entire house. You’d think his wife died by how he cried.

“London…” Jasmine spoke when she got back out, looking awkwardly.

“It’s cool… but don’t blame me if we don’t hang out anymore,” London responded.

“Yeah, I guess I deserve that…” She gave a rueful grin before turning to me. “Noah…”

I crossed my arms. “Yeah?’

“Sorry…” She responded stiffly. “Your body is the best. I like your dick.”

“I know,” I responded, letting my lips curve up just slightly.

She laughed, before turning and going into her room. That left one room left. I got the room, and London took the couch. However, we only took a small nap before packing very quietly and then taking off early in the morning, after Dan had cried himself to sleep. London had told me she’d rather not travel home with them, and I agreed.

“Dan’s really unstable.” I nodded.

“Well, you boys.”

“Huh?”

“Boys are crazy…” She chuckled, roughing my head affectionately.

And so, we ended up on the bus, talking about whatever came into our minds. At this point, I felt especially calm around London. I told her about my experiences regarding Samantha and Abby. I even told her about dad. Dad wasn’t her father, so she had no opinions about him whatsoever. He was in her life when she was a kid, but they were never close. She was just becoming a teenager at the time, so he was just the guy her mom was with. The only thing I didn’t discuss was my own issues with role reversal.

That’s when the subject inevitably fell on the meds I had found. Since she was a medical professional, I thought it was a good idea to ask for her advice.

“Whatever is going on with Kristy, I’m not sure if you should get involved. You may just be causing her trouble.” London advised.

“I see…”

“Honestly, I feel more concerned about your father showing up.”

“Dad?” I asked, and then shook my hand. “Ah… about mom…”

“Don’t worry, I won’t tell her.” London shook her head. “If I didn’t keep your secret, then how could I deserve your trust?”

“London…”

“It’s just, you were too young at the time, so you didn’t see it, but dad’s actions really put a number on mom. She was extremely depressed for a long time. I don’t recall them necessarily fighting or anything, but those days were really bad.”

“Mom cheated on dad, right?”

She looked down. “She told you?”

“Yeah…” I nodded slowly. “She told me everything. She’s the reason their relationship fell apart.”

“Well, that’s what she said,” London spoke slowly.

“What does that mean?”

She shook her head. “I don’t know. It’s possible… we don’t know the whole story.”

I opened my mouth to argue, but then I closed it. I had felt sympathetic to dad. I was trying to tell myself that dad was just a victim in all this. Of course, I knew that he hadn’t been that great of a father, but how could I blame him. Mom cheated on him to the point where it wasn’t certain if all of his children were even his own. He didn’t even know for certain I was his true kid, so if his ways of showing affection were a bit callous and he seemed a bit self-absorbed, he kind of earned it.

Even when he sneaked into our house, which I was pretty certain was to steal some money, I was willing to overlook it. If I saw him like a woman who had lost everything, I wouldn’t look twice at his actions. I told myself that all of my discomfort and questions were just a part of the fact I still wasn’t acclimated to this world. In my mind, men were expected to be tough leaders. A party animal mom, or in my case, a dad, wasn’t that bad.

“Just be careful around him. Okay?” London said.

I hadn’t told her about the close call to kidnapping. That was one story that would worry even her too much. However, it was nice to get out of all of this stuff. It did feel relieving to get it all out. With a sigh, I put my head on her shoulder. She wrapped her arm around me. Anyone who saw us on a bus would think we were a couple.

“So, what are you going to do next?” I asked.

“Find my own place.” She responded. “Concentrate on my career. Start from the beginning, build me a new life… what about you?”

“Me?”

“Are you just going to keep going about, playing with the hearts of women, and doing whatever you want?” She glanced at me, a slightly bemused expression on her face.

She didn’t ask such a question to be malicious. Rather, she wanted me to think about that answer. Ultimately, that was a good question to ask. Up until that point, it was hard to say if I had ever adjusted to this world. It had been just over two weeks since everything changed, and it was hard to say I was adapted well. I had slept with half a dozen women, blackmailed a teacher, missed half my classes, and even toyed with the feelings of my sisters, my best friend, and various other girls. If there was a time to reflect on my actions, this might be my only chance.

Part of me still wondered if I’d just wake up one day, and everything would be back to normal. I wasn’t even certain that was what I wanted. After all, in this world, I did have things easier when it came to relationships. I could just point at a girl, demand sex, and it was almost that easy. Girls I would have only dreamed about once were now clambering for my dick. Whether it was London, Dawn, or Mackenzie… my relationship with all of my older sisters had improved. I even knew more about my mom now.

“I want to be better,” I said, after hesitating for a bit.

“Better?” she raised an eyebrow.

“If… things change… I want to make the most of this time. I can’t tell you what I want out of life. There was once a time where I thought just getting to have lots of sex was already a fulfilling life. I’m now realizing… I need more.”

Glancing at London, I realized that relationships were more than just naughty and taboo sex with every girl I could.

“Do you know how you’re going to change?”

“Heh… I wish.”

“Well, you don’t have to do it alone.”

I smiled. “You’ll help me.”

“Me? No… I got my shit to deal with.”

I looked up at her in surprise, and she grinned mischievously. “I’m talking about your sisters.”

“My sisters.”

“All of your sisters love you. They will be your support. Let them help you. Mom, too. You’re the man of the house, after all.”

For the longest time, I always felt that I needed to be on my own. I locked myself in my room and kept my sisters away. I let all of them deal with their problems on their own, and I only looked at getting out of there and getting my own life as quickly as possible. However, at the end of it, they were my family. They weren’t there to be my entertainment. They weren’t there to manipulate and toy with. They were there because they would always be there, and so would I.

I could lean on them, and perhaps, they could lean on me. I began to get a glimpse of what I realized I had wanted. In my old life, I had completely failed to be a man for my family. Since dad was gone, I was supposed to be the support that held the family together, but instead, I hid in my room and kept myself distant. Now, in this world, I had become a mess, causing trouble, and just making them worry.

I didn’t have to do that anymore. In this world where men acted like women, it was time I stepped up and became the man my sisters needed.

“Thank you,” I said, lifting my head and kissing her cheek, as I would a sister.

Her face flushed. “You’re too dangerous. If you do such naughty little brother things like that, I might end up giving you my heart and sinking into pure depravity.”

“Oh?” I grinned devilishly. “Are you sure you’re ready to end this thing between us for good?”

I reached and put my hand on her legs, sliding it gently up her thigh.

“Y-you… devil…” She panted, before looking away. “M-my place will be empty for a bit, I’m sure. Dan probably hasn’t even woken up in the cabin yet, let alone find a ride. O-one last time…”

We ended up getting off the bus at her place. It looked like Jake had brought the car to the apartment and left it in her space. He then dropped the keys off in the mailbox. I guess that was the concession he gave, worried he’d get the cops called on him. After London and I indulged one last time in her bed, she gave me a ride home. When she drove away, I felt really good. I was completely rejuvenated. Sometimes, a chance to get away really did help you recuperate and get a fresh outlook on things.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next day was a school day, and after missing weeks and weeks of work, I was pretty behind. In a particular class, I didn’t think this would be a problem, but most of my classes seemed to be suffering. I mentioned such things to Samantha, and now I was back in her house. We weren’t allowed in her room though. Instead, we were at the kitchen table. Her parents were in the family room and checked on us frequently.

The dad was actually fine. He seemed to like me. If only he knew what I did with his wife. It was his wife that was most difficult. She seemed almost jealous of the time that I was with Samantha. When we laughed over a joke, she would show up at the door and frown. I was also pretty sure she had given me a few sultry looks. She was being way too obvious. Her husband would find out! Thankfully, Samantha just wrote it off as her mom being creepy.

“If you don’t take these classes more seriously, then you’ll end up having to repeat a grade,” Samantha said, her expression holding no-nonsense.

“I understand! This time is for studying.” I tapped the book in front of me.

“My husband made some snacks, do you want any?” Samantha’s mother Jennifer spoke.

“No, mom.” Sam rolled her eyes.

“Ah, it will help though. I’m sure Noah would like some.” She barged in anyway, walking next to us and putting the tray down.

As she did this, she put her hand under the table and grabbed my leg, and squeezed it. Sam didn’t notice since she was distinctly looking at her books and avoiding her mother, whom she must have considered embarrassing.

“Mom, we’re really working on important stuff right now.”

“Oh, kiddo, it’s… oops!” Jennifer had very deliberately knocked over a glass.

At least, I could see it was deliberate, but Sam didn’t. She let out a cry as a drink spilled over one of her books and onto her leg.

“Mom! Damn it!” Sam cursed.

“Watch your tone,” Jennifer responded smugly.

“S-sorry, Noah, I’ll be right back!” Sam shot her mom a glare.

Her mom had kind of done me a favor. That water had stained Sam’s white shirt, and I could very clearly see her bra through her shirt. It was pretty sexy. It was enough that my lower part started to stiffen, hello! A hand wrapped around that stiff part as Jennifer grabbed it. Her other hand looked to be trying to clean up the mess with a napkin while her eyes followed her daughter. Samantha was worried about herself and left the room.

As soon as she was gone, Jennifer turned back to me. “My, my… don’t tell me it’s her making you all excited.”

Jennifer bent in a way I could see down her shirt, where she had no bra on. She seemed to have recalled I liked breasts from our previous encounter and was now going out of her way to flaunt it. Like a dad going around without his shirt after hearing his son’s girlfriend likes his hairy chest or something.

“Mrs. Foundry…”

“Please… call me Jennifer.” She purred, her hand starting to stroke me.

“We… we need to talk, Jennifer. What happened before… in the car…”

“You don’t need to worry about that.” She leaned forward and then nibbled my ear.

“Your… um… husband is in the other room!” I responded, trying to lean away.

“You don’t need to worry about him as well.” She suddenly licked my earlobe, her hand moving faster and faster.

“Mom is really…” Sam walked around the corner.

Her mom pulled away from me and then stood up like nothing happened. “I got everything finished here.”

Without another word, she walked by her daughter and out of the room. Samantha watched her mom leave, but then shook her head and sat back down across from me. She had changed her clothing now, and instead of a white blouse and pants, she was wearing a dress. It looked really good on her. I realized that after her mom’s previous machinations, I had grown excited. Without intending it, my sex drive had been driven up, and Samantha looked so cute across from me.

“What is it?” She asked, seeming to notice me looking at her.

“You’re really cute.”

“Noah…” She blushed. “We need to study.”

I tried to, but my sage mind had been tossed into the gutter thanks to her mother. I still didn’t know what I should do about that. Should I tell Samantha? I had a feeling that it would just go bad if I did. However, I had more pressing matters, and they were coming out of my pants. After only a few minutes of hitting the books, I pulled my shoe off and then guided my foot up her leg. When my toe touched her thigh suddenly, she jumped, but she kept her head down in her book.

“N-Noah…”

The cute look on her face was irresistible. I brought my foot farther in. Although she said no, her legs spread open and my toe quickly found the spot. I touched the area between her legs, but something didn’t feel right through my sock. It felt a bit wet… and was that hair? My eyes widened as I looked up at her. She was looking at me while panting and biting down on her pencil.

“S-Samantha…” I said.

“You’re so naughty…” she moaned under her breath, reaching down and grabbing my foot.

She pulled my sock off, and then pushed her wet cunt against my foot. Calling me dirty, but she wasn’t even wearing any underwear! She planned for this from the get-go, and after all that talking about just studying. I gave her a wry look, but she was already lost in her lust.

She was subtly moving her hips, rubbing her clitoris against my big toe. She had grabbed my foot now and was holding it through her dress and using it as her own personal sex toy. I could only lean back and enjoy the sensations. It was hot and warm, and the lips of her pussy rubbed around my big toe in a lewd way. I started bending and straightening my knee, pushing the toe back and forth, rubbing it against her clit.

“Ahh… Ahhh…” Her hands tightened and her body spasmed.

She bit her bottom lip to keep from moaning any more. Her body shivered, and I could feel a gush of warm liquid strike my foot.

“Shit…” I breathed under my breath.

I was horny before, but that only made me even hornier. However, Samantha had just cum, and was giving that feeling like she was satisfied and done.

“Ah, I need to use the restroom.” I excused myself, taking my foot from between her legs and shoving it back in my shoe without the sock.

Samantha merely nodded, still breathing hard as she regained her breath. I made it to the bathroom and closed the door and locked it. With a sigh, I splashed some cold water on my face. I really wanted to bang Sam, but that was impossible with her parents there. It was really frustrating. What? I said I was going to shape up and be more mature? Well, Rome wasn’t built in a day, and besides, Samantha was technically my girlfriend, so it was fine if we had sex.

Just as I was considering whether I wanted to beat off in the toilet just so I could get through the rest of the night peacefully, I heard the door click unlocked. It was the kind of door that locked but had a generic slit on the outside. Any key would unlock the door if someone was determined to get in. The door swung open a moment later, and the person I feared I’d see was there. Jennifer slid into the room, and then closed the door behind her, a grin on her face.

“It took you long enough.” She said.

“Mrs… ah… Jennifer…” I backed up. “I was going to say earlier, that… the thing is… I like your daughter…”

“Don’t you think I know that?” She snorted. “You’ve been eyeing her like a little slut the entire time you’ve been here. I’m surprised I didn’t catch you two humping on the table.”

My bare toe, still slightly moist, wiggled around in my shoe awkwardly. “Ah… Jennifer…”

“Please.”

I blinked, looking over at Jennifer, surprised to see a somewhat sad and desperate look on her face.

“What?”

“I just… had so many things I wanted to do in my life. You know… I wanted to be a reporter?”

“Hmm?”

“I got pregnant with Samantha while I was in college. I had to drop out and get a job to support them. As a result, I didn’t get to do anything I wanted to do in life. Worst off, I know it may seem like it, but my husband is actually the only guy I’ve been with. Isn’t that pathetic? I’m a woman? I should bang lots of men. Yet, here I am, moving in on a guy my fucking daughter caught.”

“I don’t know what to say…”

“I know… I’m kind of pathetic. I know… you were only curious. However, you’re really hot and sweet, and I just can’t stop fantasizing about you. My daughter can have you after. I’m sure this thing between us won’t last. I won’t tell her, or use it against you, I swear. I just want to feel like a woman one more time.” She lifted her skirt, and just like her daughter, she wasn’t wearing panties. “Please… make me feel like a woman.”

Although she was as old as my mother, she was very attractive, with many traits she passed on to Samantha. Her pussy was completely shaved clean, something she must have done after our first time together. I reflected on everything that she said carefully. I was trying to avoid thinking with my dick these days.

In reality, if I twisted the genders, it’d be some poor pathetic dad begging a teenage girl to let him stick it in her to make him feel manly. It was as ridiculous as it was sad. However, it was sad, and I felt a bit for her. She had to give up her life because she got pregnant. At least, in my world, the guy had to sacrifice something too. In this world, not only did she sacrifice her time and body, but she was also responsible for supporting the man and child too. It was a world truly cruel to women.

Of course, there was something else also influencing my decision. I was really horny. I got myself into this situation, and I guess I had to get myself out of it. I walked up to her and then pushed her up against the sink, prospering her up on the bathroom counter. Thankfully, it was short enough that she was in a perfect position. Locking the door again, I pulled back her dress and then pulled out my dick.

My lips attacked hers, and the pair of us kissed intensely. I pulled away, leaving her breathing hard. I reached down, kicked off my last shoe, and pulled off the sock. She was panting excitedly, but she looked down with curiosity as I pulled up my sock and then crumpled it into a ball.

“What are you doing with that?” She asked breathlessly.

“Well, I’ve decided to be more cautious these days,” I responded, and then shoved the sock into her open mouth. “You better not make a lot of noise!”

Her eyes widened in surprise as I shoved myself inside her. You could never be too careful. Then again, I wasn’t wearing a condom…

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a day after my study session with Samantha, and my play session with her mom. Another day of school started without too much of a problem. In general, since I was out of school so much, the rumors about me had died down a bit. That was mostly because it seemed like Abigail wasn’t spreading those rumors anymore. If anything, she’d gone strangely quiet. I hadn’t run into her at all. In class, she had been excused in preparation for other duties. I guess the prom was coming in a month or two, and she was part of the committee that was getting everything ready for the juniors and seniors.

At this school, Junior and Seniors were allowed to buy tickets for the prom. For Seniors, this was their last prom, so they tended to go all out. For Juniors, it was more common to just go with friends and screw off. A Sophomore like me would have to be invited by an older girl who would then have to buy a ticket for me. Previously, it was impossible for all but the most popular guys to ever get invited to the prom. However, after the switch, girls were clamoring to invite any guy they could. Many of them were hoping to lose their virginities with a guy after the prom too.

Samantha was too young. Someone would have to buy her a ticket, and for women that was impossible. When it came to Abigail, she could probably get a ticket, if I ever had a chance to talk to her. Then there was Mackenzie or Dawn, who were both old enough to go. Dawn seemed to have no interest in prom, and as for Mackenzie, going with her brother would be a public disaster, no matter what her feelings were.

Then again, even if none of them asked, there was Sophie, Luna, and Nora. We had started talking again the previous day. They had just sat down around me at lunch and started talking like they hadn’t ghosted me. Perhaps, after Nora told them what she found out, they all started feeling bad about it. Since Abigail had lightened up and the rumors were gone, they felt comfortable chatting with me again.

This didn’t make them the greatest friends, but then again, we didn’t know each other all that well to start with. Just the fact that they were willing to hang out with me again said enough. Apologies didn’t need to be said. We were guys, after all. Ahem… actually, they were girls. Never mind, I felt good being able to chat with someone at lunch. I began to realize my video game time had been slipping. When your mind was lost in sex and girls, it was really easy to let your hobbies go.

“What are your thoughts on prom?” I asked them, hoping they didn’t think I came off as too much of a guy.

The three looked at each other, but it was Sophie who spoke. “Ah, well, Luna is on the committee, so she can get us tickets. We’ll probably go together. Just a group of sexy bachelorettes prowling for some di… ah… I mean! S-sorry…”

“Dick, huh?” I scratched my chin. “Maybe, I should make some guy friends, then I can get you girls hooked up.”

The three women’s eyes fell open in shock, and Nora reached out. “Shit, you’ll do that?”

I was surprised as all three girls looked at me intensely. What was Sophie’s talk about bachelorettes just prowling? Weren’t they all desperate for some cock? I’d offer them my own, but we had only just started talking and I didn’t want to make things weird.

“Wait, don’t you have several sisters? They’re pretty popular with the boys.”

“What are you saying?”

“Bait and switch.” Sophie grinned.

“That’s awful!” Nora cried.

“Absolutely not!” I put my foot down.

I wouldn’t give my sisters out to any boys, even as a joke! Ahem… I might have acted a bit aggressive there. They were all looking at me strangely.

“I-I mean, you shouldn’t do that to gi-guys. “I recovered quickly. “You’ll ruin your night and theirs if expectations aren’t met.”

Sophie sighed. “I guess you’re right.”

I wiped my forehead, glad I had gotten out of that conversation without seeming like a creep. We continued to chat for the rest of the lunch period, and then I moved on to the next class. I finally reached our last class of the day, which was the same class where I had blackmailed the teacher. She handed back our tests from the previous week. I had been there on Friday to take the examination, but after missing so many days, it was hard to be confident.

When she handed me the test, there wasn’t a score on it. Instead, it simply said ‘see me’ after class. I looked up at Ms. Devon, but she didn’t meet my eyes as she continued passing out tests. I knew since I decided to play with fire that we’d be having more confrontations. The current me felt a little embarrassed that I had gone so far earlier. I could get in a lot of trouble if this was ultimately found out. I wasn’t invincible here. That’s why I’d mostly been pretending I didn’t have illicit and naughty pictures of my teacher on my phone.

When the bell finally rang, I pretended to get ready, but just went slowly. I planned to stay after today anyway, so it didn’t bother me that I’d miss the bus. It wasn’t long before it was just Ms. Devon and me alone in the classroom once again. She was erasing the board slowly. The room was silent and I could only sit there listening to the soft swish. She was wearing a tank top and tight yoga pants. It was sexy, the same kind of stuff a teacher really shouldn’t wear.

She finally turned around and looked at me. She didn’t say anything. Rather, she looked my body up and down like she was considering things. Finally, she put down her eraser and walked by me. She passed by and ended up in the backroom. I raised an eyebrow and turned after her, watching her behind in those tight yoga pants as she left into a more secure spot. Glancing around the room one more time just to make sure I didn’t miss someone, I followed her into the backroom and then closed the door.

“Um… you wanted to see me?” I asked.

She reached behind her, and then pulled down her yoga pants with the underwear as well. She then bent over her desk and spread her cheeks. “Eat my pussy.”

I raised an eyebrow. “Wh-what?”

“You failed that exam. This is your makeup. You wanted a decent grade, didn’t you?”

“Yeah… but…” I started, but then she sneered while looking back at me.

“Hmph, you think you can just blackmail me? You’re too naïve. If you try to bring me down, I’ll bring you down too. If you want something, you have to give something. That’s the way the world works. So, now, you’re going to be my little slut. If you want to keep your grades up, then you’ll have to give it when I want it.”

I wanted to say something, but then I closed my mouth. She smiled, taking that as acceptance.

“Good, now pleasure me.”

She thought she had a one on me, but I mostly felt a little amused. Perhaps, if I was a girl who was trying to blackmail her male teacher and he started acting this way, I’d grow scared and submissive. However, I still had my original mind and demeanor, and how could a forceful and demanding teacher that wanted to have sex with me be a disadvantage? Wanting me to eat her pussy? I had no problem with that at all!

I had worried she’d do the exact opposite. I was worried she’d refuse to give me better grades, and close her legs tight and perhaps even start telling people what was going on. Even after all this time, I still struggled to see like a girl in a reverse gender environment. She decided to double down. If she was going to be threatened with blackmail, then she might as well try to threaten instead, coming out on top.

Of course, she was afraid, which is why she had waited a week or two to make her move, but when she saw that I wasn’t going to tell, her horny desires surfaced, and she decided to keep taking advantage of the situation. When one side wasn’t submissive to the other in this typically taboo situation, it became more like a cold-war, where neither side was willing to press the button for fear of mutually assured destruction.

In which case, Ms. Devon, or Diana as I should call her, had made an unspoken agreement with me. If I kept fucking her, she would up my grades. Naturally, when I’m done with her class, we separate and never talk about it again. As for my previous talk about being more responsible, wasn’t it responsible to finish my promises and not go back on them? You should also finish what you start, or something like that.

I fell to my knees, and the naughty teacher grinned lewdly. I stuck my nose between her ass cheeks and licked her cunt from behind. This was actually the standard blowjob position in this world. Since most of the girls I played with were virgins or we had been in odd circumstances, I hadn’t experienced it that much outside of googling some porn. Women liked it from behind, so in a world where women were dominant, wouldn’t they prefer to stick a man’s face in their ass?

Men before the switch liked women in submissive roles, on their knees, in the most humbling positions possible. It was no different in a world where women were in charge. Except, licking it from the front was considered more intimate. After all, you could see them, you had to move your legs especially to make room for them, and so on. Let’s face it, if a guy could make his cock point the other way, he’d make girls suck his dick while sticking his ass in her face too.

My tongue darted in and out of her excitedly while my nose was shoved in her ass crack. She was a bit fragrant and sweaty after a day of classes. She wasn’t disgusting below, but she hadn’t bothered to make herself fresh for me either. That was probably done on purpose to show me my place. However, I ate her dirty pussy anyway, enjoying every moment of it as my tongue and mouth made pick like noises between her leg.

It was clear that I had an effect on her. Her legs felt like they buckled a few times under the pleasure, and she found herself clinging to the desk just to keep on her feet. She let out several moans, unable to keep herself from making noises as she was eaten like her husband no longer did for her.

“Ahhn… Ahhh… fuck… lick it… lick that pussy you little slut.” She moaned as she orgasmed on my tongue.

She still seemed to like calling me a slut. That was probably another powerplay. I didn’t mind at all. I just doubled my efforts, attacking her clit until her legs kicked out and her pussy contracted. When I had her dripping down her legs, and I needed a breath, she finally started to recover. She straightened up off the desk and got her legs under her again. She then grabbed a pen from her desk along with my test. She wrote on it then handed it to me. I looked down at it and then frowned.

“Wait, why did I get a B?”

“Did you think that was enough for an A?” She responded, grinning.

She was still facing away from me, her tight ass and wet cunt exposed, looking back at me mischievously. Her dark expression had loosened after an orgasm or two, but it was clear she could keep going. With a sigh, I shoved her back down over the desk roughly, causing her to cry out in surprise. Then, I pulled out my dick, and shoved it in her. I put in a good amount of effort on my makeup exam. It took about thirty minutes and I was sore by the time I was done, but I finally earned an A.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After I finished earning an A, I went to the location I had planned on from the beginning. I sat on the edge of the fields next to school. This was the location where soccer, football, track, and the various other team sports met. At this time of year, track and field were in practice, a sport that contained just as many women as it did men. Staring at it, I wasn’t sure how to react.

The men all wore shirts, although some of them were extremely tight and form fitting. They also seemed to wear these strange pieces of underwear. I had seen them advertised before, but this was the first time I had ever seen them worn. They looked kind of like a woman’s thong, with a cup that wrapped around the balls. How did I know the guys were wearing them? It was because, for some of the guys, the straps for them were exposed. They come up from their shorts and wrapped around their love handles.

I quickly began to realize that this was considered sexy to the women, who looked at the men like that. I supposed if our world had an equivalent, it’d be like a woman in a sports bra, but her normal bra was showing underneath. Or maybe it was like a girl wearing a thong that showed outside of her tight shorts.

If that was the only strange thing, I might have left it at that. However, the hardest thing to watch was all of the shirtless, braless women. There were several dozen topless high school girls just prancing around in front of me. Not every girl was topless. Plenty did genuinely wear sports bras, especially the women with larger breasts. However, just as many went completely shirtless, and stood around with towels over their bodies, their naked sweaty bodies on full display. It was even a bit chilly, and one could see their hard, sharp nipples reacting to the cold.

After watching a woman with a large chest just do a 100-meter dash, I couldn’t stop watching her tits bounce up and down.

“Doesn’t that get painful?” I muttered under my breath.

“It can. If you do too much it might even bleed a bit under the tit.” A voice spoke up next to me.

“I see… ah!” I let out a cry, turning to see a girl sitting next to me I hadn’t noticed before. “What are you doing?”

It wasn’t just anyone either, but my sister, Kristy. She had a bag of chips and a 20 oz bottle of soda in her hand. Bottles of soda in this world took on a more phallic shape. I had heard in my old world that soda cans were designed to resemble the curves of a woman. I had always thought this was bullshit, but now that I saw bottles from this world, with a clear shaft and a bulbous top… well, it wasn’t so noticeable if you had never seen a bottle another way, but it very clearly gave the image of a penis that a woman could grab and put her mouth on. I usually poured my drinks into a glass these days.

“I’m waiting for Kelsey to finish up. I saw you out on the field so I came here.” Kristy responded simply.

“I see…”

“The thing that always confuses me is the guys who don’t wear a support strap. Won’t those things bounce around? I heard it hurts if they get kicked. How do you keep from hurting those suckers?”

“Balls?”

Her face turned red. “Ah… s-sorry, I mean…”

She had just been speaking randomly without thought, forgetting she was talking to a boy as well as her big brother. I didn’t mind any of that. I was just confused for a moment since she spoke so suddenly. She seemed to hold the same view on balls that I held on breasts. I didn’t know how to answer that. I guess women jogging without a bra was equal parts comfort and appearance. When they didn’t care about appearance and they took a little pain as a badge of honor, things like sports bras became optional. Plenty of girls were also small cupped, so they didn’t have to worry about such things anyway.

A heavy-top girl was running down the track now. I heard ger boobs slap with each step. She moved down the lane with the slapping sound getting louder as she approached us. You knew where she was at any given time because of the sound of her tits, even if you weren’t watching her. As she passed by, she winked at me, unconcerned about those things flopping up and down. It was almost mesmerising to watch. I finally forced myself to look away, deciding the more I focused on it, the crazier I’d become. I was never a sporty guy anyway, so this entire culture wasn’t something I was involved in.

“What are you here for anyway? Don’t tell me my big brother wanted to perv on sweaty, shirtless girls.” She grinned like she didn’t believe that to be true.

Had I realized what a wonderful view I’d have out on this field, I might have made my way out here more often. There were a couple of other guys who were out here and I could tell they were perving as well. Well, maybe they had girlfriends on the field. I didn’t know. I liked to imagine that they were closet perverts too. If women enjoyed shirtless men, then some of these men had to enjoy shirtless women. My actions weren’t odd regardless of the world I was in.

“It’s not that… I’m… ah… that…” I was about to explain that I was spying on Kelsey.

However, given Kristy and Kelsey’s relationship, the two girls would always tattle to each other. If I told Kristy something, I couldn’t guarantee she wouldn’t run straight to Kelsey. This gave me some pause. If she spoke, it would make things between all three of us very awkward.

“What is it?” Her eyes narrowed. “Is it a crush?”

“No!” I protested, and when it was clear by her eyes she wouldn’t let up, I turned to her and grabbed her hands.

“Wh-what?” Her back straightened, and her cheeks turned red.

“I need you to promise me that you won’t tell anyone about this. Not mom… and especially not Kristy.”

“Ah! I-I promise!” When I raised an eyebrow, she made a noise. “I do! My word as your little sister, I will not tell a soul.”

I sighed, figuring that would have to do. “Then, I’m spying on Kelsey.”

“Huh? Why?”

“You promised…”

“I promise! I won’t say anything.”

“Then, I was in your room by accident.”

“You what?” She yelled loudly enough that we drew some eyes.

“Shhh!” I grabbed her and pulled her to me.

“Wh-what did you find? I mean, you didn’t look around, right?” She asked, looking slightly panicked.

I was just about to tell her but seeing her panic, a slight grin formed on my face. “Oh? You mean, all those strange magazines under your bed.”

“Eh! That… I mean…”

“And this weird toy that went bzzzz….”

“That’s not me! It’s Kelsey! She’s the perverted one. I don’t even use it. I bought it as a prank.”

“You should wash it better, it tasted salty.”

“Y-y-you tasted it!” Kristy’s eyes went wide.

“No. Dummie!” I dropped my fist on her head, causing her to blink. “I’m just messing with you.”

“Ahh…” She grew red again.

“The truth is I found some pills.”

“P-pills?” Her eyes shot up in surprise.

“Yeah. I think they are some ADD medication. No one in the family had ADD, so she’s either selling them for money or taking them because she’s suffering in class. I’m trying to find out which it is. Since she’s in sports, I thought this would be a good place to start. Maybe, she’s getting them from another kid.”

“S-seriously?”

I nodded, looking out across the field to where Kristy was. She hadn’t noticed that Kelsey and I were sitting in the stands. Instead, she was talking and joking with a couple of other girls while stretching her legs. She was one of the ones who wasn’t wearing a sports bra. She had her hair tied up, and she had nothing on but shorts and a pair of shoes. It took everything not to run out onto the field and force her to cover her chest. When I imagined the other guys drooling over the girls, it naturally made me feel angry my sister was being exposed to them as well.

“I’m just going to follow her around until I get to the bottom of this. I won’t accept her getting into trouble over something like this.”

“Is it really necessary to go that far?” Kristy asked, following my gaze toward Kelsey with a distant look of her own.

I turned and grabbed her hands, startling her again. “It is! I’m her big brother. If she needs help, then it’s my… no, our responsibility to help her.”

“Our?”

“Kristy. I need your help as well. I’m not in the same grade as the pair of you and I can’t keep a watch on her all of the time.”

“Ah… Noah… that…” She tried to look away.

“Please. I’ll do anything.”

Her eyes flashed for a second. “A-anything?”

I let go of her hands. “Most things…”

Her eyes widened. “N-no! I didn’t mean it like that! I’ll help! I said I’ll help!”

“Good.” I nodded. “Now… I already tried to get in her locker, but I couldn’t guess her combination. You wouldn’t know it, would you.”

“You already tried that?” She blurted out in disbelief.

“I mean, she’s probably not going anywhere any time soon. If she does the deal, it’d probably be there. Can you think of anywhere else at school?”

She tapped her head for a second and then snapped her finger. “There is the gym locker! I had… an accident once and so she gave me her combination so I could wear a pair of her shorts. They were too tight…”

“Accident?” I blinked.

“That… it’s just a bad period.” She responded.

“Whatever, that will do!” I grabbed her hand and pulled her away from the sidelines toward the school.

Kelsey had finally noticed us since we were making a noise. She made a questioning gesture toward us. I merely waved my hand to her and then kept going with Kristy. I was sure I’d have to make up some kind of excuse later, but it wasn’t like she could leave in the middle of practice to chat with us, especially since I was walking away.

The doors to the gym area were still open, so we could get in and out without a problem. As we approached the locker room, I stopped and let go of Kristy’s hand. She stared at me without moving. I raised an eyebrow.

“What?” she asked.

I nodded helplessly toward the door. “Kelsey’s locker.”

“Huh? You want me to do it?” She cried out.

“You’re a girl! It’s a girl’s locker room.”

“I can’t go in there and snoop into her locker. What if I’m caught?”

“You’re identical twin sisters! No one is going to notice if you go in her locker, and even if they do, they’d think it’s perfectly normal.” I gave her a shove forward, but she turned back, looking at me with tear-filled eyes.

“I can’t do it alone! Please, come in with me.”

“What?”

“I need you to be a lookout!”

“Can’t I do that from here?”

“No! I just can’t do it alone, okay?”

I didn’t get what her problem was, but she seemed completely opposed to doing it on her own. I just shrugged.

“I mean, it’s not like I haven’t been in there before.”

“When?”

“Ah… nothing!”

The last time I had been in the locker room, I had been pushed down by a group of girls and had a gang bang. This led to my relationship with Mackenzie changing. There were a lot of rumors about me, but there were so many rumors about so many guys, that they were mostly lost in the noise. Plus, with two girlfriends and four sisters at this school, anyone who tried to spread malicious rumors was in for a correction or two.

“Fine. Let’s get this over with. What could go wrong?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Since Kristy was being difficult, I pushed her into the female locker room. I’m pretty sure a guy going into a woman’s locker room would have gotten him arrested in my original world. I didn’t think the same would apply if the roles were switched, so I didn’t feel too bothered. Plus, I had already been in here once. I wasn’t one of those guys who saw the girl’s locker room like some kind of heavenly abode. Women could be kind of gross, and in this world, it was doubly true.

“A-at least let me check if anyone is inside!” She cried out.

By that point, the pair of us were already in the locker room. I looked around, but it seemed like the place was empty.

“I don’t see anyone.”

“You… brother… you’ll give me a heart attack!”

“You worry too much. Come on, let’s go check her locker.”

“Ah-ah! Wait…” Kristy ran after me and grabbed my shoulder, and blushed when I looked back at her. “It’s over here…”

She pointed in the opposite direction that I was walking. The locker room was shaped a bit like a horseshoe, with two sides of lockers, and then a central area which included the toilets and the showers. Kelsey’s locker was on the right arm, closest to the showers.

“So, what is the combination?” I asked, grabbing the combination lock in my hand.

“Ah! Th-that… here, I’ll do it.”

“Okay,” I took a step back.

Perhaps, I was being a bit too eager. I was just generally concerned about my sister. If she was peddling drugs to make money, how could I allow her to continue? If it turned out she was the one taking the drugs, I’d be stopping that too. I had no clue which it was, nor did I truly know what I was looking for. I just knew that when I found it, I’d know it. That was kind of nonsensical as I started to think about it, but it was too late to back out now. That’s what I thought, but after a minute, Kristy was still fiddling with the combination.

“What are you doing?”

“Brother… if we find more drugs in the locker, what will you do?” Kristy suddenly stopped fiddling with the combination as she awaited my answer.

“What will I do?”

“Yes… I mean, this is sister’s privacy we’re talking about here. If you find out she’s on drugs, would you think less of her?”

“How could I?” I responded angrily, grabbing her shoulder and startling her.

“Ah… I mean, isn’t it better to just let her do what she wants? She probably won’t be happy at all that we’re meddling with her stuff.”

“No, it isn’t,” I responded assertively.

“But…”

“I love her.”

Kristy’s eyes popped open. “Love?”

“I love you too, brat.” I smacked her on the head. “You’re both my little sisters. The reason I’m doing this is that I love you both. It doesn’t matter if you get mad at me. It doesn’t matter that you hate me. You’re family. So, I will worry, and I will get in the way. However, I will always be there for the pair of you. This is something I used to not realize. I’ve only really come to terms with it recently.”

I couldn’t help a slightly bitter expression from filling my face. Before genders were flipped, I had resented and hated my sisters. I found their meddling to be the worst, especially from Mackenzie. They may have kept away from me, but I also stayed away from them too. I created a barrier from my family. I had once heard that the opposite of love wasn’t hate, it was apathy. That’s where I was with my sisters only a short few weeks ago.

Now, I was here because I cared. If they asked me to stop caring, then I’d vehemently refuse. I didn’t know when the family started to become more important to me. I didn’t know when I decided I wanted to take responsibility for them. Some of it came from my weekend with London, but the truth was that it likely had started building in me before then.

“Noah…” Kristy looked at me, her eyes wet. “I…”

She closed her mouth and looked down at the lock in her hand. After a few moments of quiet, I realized what the problem was.

“You… forgot the combination, didn’t you?”

“Ah!” She looked up at me tearfully. “I’m sorry!”

“You… trying to convince me not to snoop just so you didn’t reveal you couldn’t remember.”

“I did remember! But then, when I entered the combination, it didn’t open! So, then I started thinking the numbers might be other numbers, and then after changing a few times, I don’t even remember the combination at all!”

“Damn!” I hit the locker, causing her to drop the lock. “I guess it can’t be helped. She might have changed her lock for all we know.”

“Yeah… that might be it.” She cheered up with the implication that she might not have been the cause of our failure.

I shook my head, my eyes landing on the lock. It had landed upside down when Kristy dropped it. My eyes immediately fell on the back… where the combination numbers were still written.

“Kelsey… I’m so glad you’re an idiot.” I muttered under my breath.

“Hm?” Kristy blinked, looking down. “Ah! It is the number. Ah, I was off by one!”

“Never mind that, let’s see what she’s hiding!” I grabbed the lock.

With renewed vigor, I popped open the locker and glanced inside. There was absolutely nothing. My excited expression started to fall. There was a pair of smelly shoes, socks, underwear, a bra, deodorant, and that, was it? There was no ledger with names and phone numbers like drug dealers were supposed to have. There were no little baggies of drugs. Nothing was incriminating at all. It looked like a typical gym locker. With a sigh, I closed the locker door.

“I’m sorry, brother.”

“You want to make a bet whether her school locker also has a combination on the back of the lock?” I asked with a chuckle.

Before Kristy could come up with an answer, the door to the locker room suddenly burst open with a slam, and loud voices of girls were talking excitedly. Kristy jumped, leaping at me and grabbing my arm. She started shoving me into the shower room. The showers were divided individually, but each room was rather small. She shoved me into one of them.

“St-stay there!” She hissed.

As luck would have it, the noisy teen girls walked straight to the lockers near Kelsey’s locker. There were three girls and all, and as they approach, one of them saw Kristy just as she closed the shower curtain.

“Hey, Kelsey, what are you doing here? Didn’t you say you were going to do a bunch more laps?” One of the girls asked.

“Ahhh…” Kristy froze, frightened that the girls had seen me behind her.

I was hidden in the stall now, so I couldn’t see the girls. I couldn’t hear the sound of fabric roughing that told me the girls were pulling off their clothing as they spoke.

“That’s not Kelsey, idiot.”

“What?”

“Remember, she had a twin sister?”

“Ah… that’s right… you are… hmm…”

“K-Kristy,” Kristy said.

“That’s right! I don’t see you in the locker room very much. What are you up to?”

“Oh, I was just… um… going to take a shower!” Kelsey declared.

“Oh? So are we!” I could hear the bare feet of one of the girls now on the tile, and I could see the shadow of her form approaching where I was. “You mind if I have that shower? It has the good water pressure.”

“N-no… I mean… I’ve already selected this one…” Kristy responded nervously.

“Well, your clothing is on.” The girl said.

“Th-that’s right. I just… was going to take it off and hang it up over…”

“Are you one of those shy girls that’s afraid to be seen? Do you got a loose, flappy pussy or something?”

“Jane, just pick another shower. You always want the one with the best pressure. Maybe other people want the one with the best pressure. No reason to get all dumb about it.”

“H-hey! I’m not! Ahhh… whatever. Use the shower. I’m going to wait for you to finish.”

“F-finish?”

“Yeah, go ahead. I’m waiting.”

“Okay,” Kristy said helplessly before sliding back into the shower room in a way that I wasn’t seen. “What do we do?”

“Just… I don’t know, take the shower!” I whispered back.

“With you here?”

“It’s fine. You better start soon or she’ll find out something.” I declared.

“Right!”

She began to strip off her clothing. She shot me a few shy looks, but she continued to strip down. Then I grabbed my shirt and pulled it off. She let out a cry.

“You okay in there?” The girl waiting outside said.

“Why are you so concerned about what other people are doing in their shower?” One of the other girls called out.

“That’s not it…” The waiting girl pouted.

At this point, the other two had already started their showers, and the noise of water covered up a bit of the noise we were making.

“What are you doing?” Kristy cried out in an exasperated whisper.

“There isn’t enough room in here for me to just stand around. Do you want all my clothing to be wet too? If we get out of here, do you think it’d be better if I walked out in soaking wet shirt and shoes?”

“Th-that…”

“Just hurry up.”

I ushered her forward, and it wasn’t too long before the pair of us were standing naked in front of each other. The clothes were hung up on a little peg just out of the reach of the shower spray. Kristy looked me up and down, then realized she was looking and spun away. I looked too. My younger sister had a more youthful appearance. Smaller breasts, and a little bit of baby fat in all the right places. Overall, she wasn’t as athletic as the other girls, and while calling her pudgy would be overboard, she was softer looking, and you’d never say she was skinny.

“I’m sorry…” she said, turning away from me. “I know… I don’t look good.”

“You look beautiful,” I whispered back.

I wasn’t sure she heard me, because at that point she had turned the shower head on and water came out. It was cold at first, but it quickly got warm. As Kristy’s hair got wet, her back toward me, I couldn’t help but watch the water run down her back and down her buttocks. In this situation, I couldn’t help but fantasize about her. My cock couldn’t help it and started to grow erect.

I had tried to keep my younger sister’s off-limits, but seeing a fertile beauty in my grasp, all of my dark thoughts rose to the surface. She had her head under the water and was trying to pretend I wasn’t there. I leaned toward her and whispered.

“We’ll just take a really long shower. She’ll give up eventually, right?”

Although I whispered in her ear, she didn’t move. I was starting to wonder if she heard, so I reached out and touched her arm. I didn’t expect her to suddenly jump, spinning around. The water caused her feet to slip, and I reached out and grabbed her. She nearly fell hard, but she reached out and grabbed the nearest thing to her. She just managed to catch her fall. The pair of us froze in that position.

I had my arms wrapped around her, and her bare-naked chest was pressed against my own. However, more alarming was where her hand had grabbed. Whether by some kind of impulse of pure luck, her hand had grabbed my cock. I was naked in a shower with my younger sister. There was a girl outside waiting to come in, and Kristy was holding my erect penis in her hand!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Brother…” Kristy’s hot breath brushed against my face.

Kristy’s face was bright red, and despite the fact, her hand was holding my cock, she wasn’t letting go of it. Normally, you’d pull back instantly like you were just burned if you found your hand where it wasn’t supposed to be, right? Then again, I could have just let go of her too, but then she would fall and that woman waiting outside of our shower would be bound to hear what was going on in here and grow suspicious.

We remained frozen like that for several moments, neither of us quite able to move from such a position. Then, her hand slowly began to move. I thought her hand was going to leave my cock, so I lifted her back up, but then her hand started to move up and down, stroking it. My eyes started to widen as Kristy started to stroke my cock with gentle movements.

“Wh-what are you doing?” I whispered in surprise.

“It feels good, doesn’t it?” She panted, a flash of guilt on her face, even though her hand continued to move.

“How can that be?” I tried to deny it.

“You’re hard, aren’t you?”

I opened my mouth, but there was nothing I could say. She had caught me there. I was completely erect. She never would have grabbed my cock in the first place if it wasn’t already half-cocked. Just touching it was enough to have it spring into motion. She had accidentally grabbed my cock, but feeling it was hard, she knew I was aroused, and when pushed between the decision of stopping or continuing forward, her horny brain chose to march forward. I respected that. No, wait… we were still in a shower with other girls sitting outside.

“Sister…” I breathed out heavily, not able to bring myself to pull her hand away.

If I rejected her here, would I just be embarrassing her? I know it seemed hypocritical hesitating with her, but Mackenzie, Dawn, and London were my older sisters. If anything, they were responsible for me. That’s why I had acted so recklessly and selfishly with them. No one would treat me like a predator when I was younger. Logic from my old world was hard to drop.

Kristy was only a year younger than me, but she was two years younger than Mackenzie. That was still the youngest woman I had done anything with. I tried to flip things in my mind. What would it be like if an older sister made advances on her younger brother? Probably a lot like what my sisters had done to me, right?

Kristy put her free hand on my shoulder. “It’s okay, Noah. I’ll take responsibility. I’ll show you how to be a man, okay?”

I stared in shock as she grew bolder with her hand movements, pushing herself to me with a slightly lewd grin on her face. As I was debating and arguing in my mind what to do, it looked like indecision to Kristy. My hesitation had only aroused her further. I realized it was like a girl who was just on the cusp of submitting sexually. It inflamed the predator in a guy and made him more likely to want to take advantage. I had inadvertently stimulated my sister’s desire to conquer me!

I had been seeing things as me taking advantage of a younger sibling, but girls in this world were horny little monsters. Boys desired sex from a young age, and they’d even chase an older woman to get it. I was the perfect proof of that! Somehow, the power dynamic between my sister and I flipped, and she was grabbing me like she wanted to eat me up. She grew more aggressive, stroking my cock with long wet strokes as she pulled my head into her chest.

Were all of my sisters secret perverts? Were all women perverts? Would they all take advantage of their poor brother if they had the chance? I was just asking for the sake of my sanity, I was pretty sure I already knew the answer.

“W-we can’t…” I hissed from her tits, realizing she had tried to shove my face there so I couldn’t argue.

I had meant that there were people outside and they’d totally hear, but as soon as I said it, it sounded bad in my ears. Yup. That was the wrong thing to say. That only made her eyes flash more excitedly. She grabbed a chunk of my hair and looked into my eyes.

“It’s okay, you can cum for me.” She purred. “Just relax, big brother.”

Well, you couldn’t be indecisive when the decision was made for you. In her youthful mind, I was her virgin brother who was budding her sexuality. If she knew I had already slept with all of our older sisters and even played with a few adults, I wondered what expression she’d make. She probably thought I didn’t even masturbate. Thinking about it, as I let her push my face back in her breast, a dark grin formed on my face.

“I’m feeling hot, sister… my head is woozy and I feel weird. What are you doing?” I asked such a cringy line.

If any guy acted that way in my world, they’d lose their man card, but for a woman of this world, being pure and innocent was like her kryptonite. I had learned that much with my other sisters. However, I had always allowed my hormones to take over and I had acted aggressively with them. When it came to this situation, I still had enough of my mind that I could hold back and act like an innocent lamb.

“It’s okay… have you ever gotten hard before?” She asked.

I shook my head, trying my hardest not to burst out laughing as her face grew even more perverted. It was a face that if a guy wore while looking at a girl, she’d respond with ‘gross’. However, I didn’t grow up in this world and this was my cute little sister, so while that expression was funny, it was also extremely cute. Now, I was holding back from just taking her right there.

“It’s probably because you like my feminine body.” She whispered in my ear. “It’s perfectly natural. When that happens, I can take care of it just like this.”

I shook pressing my face in her chest as I suppressed a laugh. She’s my younger sister, but she seems to be trying to teach me about the birds and the bees. I was certain she knew nothing about them herself. It was the blind leading the blind. No, it was the blind leading a person with perfect vision. I was a head taller than her, but she was acting like a total dominant, her free hand even reached around and grabbed my butt. She took my shaking as shuddering in pleasure, and only grew more excited.

My laughter continued until suddenly, her fingers started working their way into the crack of my butt. My eyebrows shot up. Her finger pushed against my butthole.

“H-hey…” I cried out, no longer teasing her.

“It’s okay, brother, you’ll really like this.” She said.

“That’s…”

There wasn’t a lot of room, and if I made a commotion trying to resist, we’d be found out. Furthermore, she was still my little sister, and she was using me to explore her sexuality. Although she was acting confidently, I could feel her hand shaking slightly. This was far out of her element, no matter how much she wanted to take advantage of me. I decided to bear with it, and let her play with my ass. I had done similar to the girls before, but so far, a girl had never done it to me. It felt weird, but I didn’t hate it. That was when she slipped her thumb into my ass. She didn’t have nails or anything, so it popped in easily

As my mouth opened to cry out, she kissed me, sticking her tongue down my throat to cut the sound out. As she kissed me, her thumb pushed deeper into my butt. I had stuck bigger things into a girl’s butt, yet I never wanted my ass to have something in it. When she broke her kiss, her thumb was already up there. I glared at her, and for the first time, she blushed.

“Do you hate it?” She asked innocently.

Even though she was asking, her thumb was wiggling around. It didn’t hurt or anything. Then, she brushed my prostate, and I felt my balls tighten slightly.

“Sh-shit…”

She blushed further. “We’re in the shower, so it’s fine…”

“No, rub that again.” I panted.

“Ah? Here?”

Her thumb began to finger my prostate. It felt strange, but also really interesting. It almost seemed to make her grip on my cock more sensitive. As it was, I was so worried about where we were that I hadn’t gotten too worked up over her hand motions. She was new at it and was mostly just pumping it without any tricks. But as her thumb stroked my prostate, it felt considerably better.

I clenched my teeth, and then sucked on her tit. She let out a small cry as I engulfed her tit in my mouth. I did it so I didn’t cry out myself, as the feeling was really exciting.

“B-brother… yes, eat my tit… let me finish you off.” She purred.

She stroked my prostate with her thumb and my cock with her other hand. She even used her fingers from the hand with the thumb in my ass to stroke my balls. I had never experienced something like this before. Leave it to our youth to teach us new and exciting things. Well, we weren’t that different in age. I was teasing her for being a virgin, but it turned out she knew some things I didn’t.

I sucked excitedly on her tits, my tongue licking the nipple as I suck it in and out of my mouth. Her breathing had grown heavier, but the feeling of the double treatment was as much as I could handle.

“Mmm! Mmmm!” I moaned into her chest.

My cock exploded out, and cum shot onto my sister’s stomach. Since the warm shower was still raining down on us, it took a few streams until she looked down and saw me cumming. She laughed softly, her stroking slow as she pulled her thumb out of my butt. I felt both relieved and satisfied. I finally spit her boob out, a bit red from my attacks. She smiled at me happily.

“Did you like it?” She asked, licking her fingers that had been on my cock.

“I…”

“What are you doing in there? Are you schlicking off?” That woman who had been waiting outside suddenly said.

It turned out we had been louder than we had thought. The other two girls had stopped their showers, and although ours still made noise, it wasn’t enough to cover up all the muffled noises and wet splashing sounds. It sounded extremely suspicious.

Kristy’s face turned red as she realized that because of her perverted desire to take advantage of her big brother, she had only made the situation even worse. She switched places with me and immediately poked her head out the curtain, doing it in a way that would cover up everything but her head.

“Don’t be ridiculous! I’m not doing anything like that!”

“Are you blushing? That’s gross! You really were doing something like that!”

“I’m not! Anyone would blush when accused of something they weren’t doing! Besides, the shower is hot! Why don’t you mind your own business? Why is my shower so damn important to you anyway? You’re the one sitting here listening to someone else shower. Who’s the creep here?”

As she argued with the other girl, from my side she was bent over with her ass wagging at me. I could see a vertical smile and a hint of her butthole. She had decided to just shove her finger in my ass. I was looking for a bit of payback, and she was wagging it in my face. Better yet, my cock was still erect. Stroking my prostate had caused me to cum, but I hadn’t lost my erection afterward. I was ready for another round.

I had let her be in charge. Now, it was my turn!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Why don’t you screw off!”

“You want to fight?”

“Ahhn!”

“Wh-what was that?”

“N-nothing!”

As Kristy had her head poked out the front curtain as she argued with the other woman who seemed dead set on using this shower, her naked butt was wagging before me. She was wet and bent over. How could I not tease her a little? Of course, I started with my hands, sliding two fingers into her wet, waiting snatch. I couldn’t see her face, but she was surprised.

“Look, woman, just finish quickly.

“I’m aaaahh-lmost done…”

“Are you okay? You look like you’re out of breath?”

“Th-that’s i-i-mpossib—ahhhh-le!”

I started to move my fingers rapidly, pushing them in and out of her warm body. They moved smoothly, making somewhat noticeable wet splashing sounds. At this point, I had figured we were going to get caught anyway. I didn’t see a situation where I was walking out of this. The best I could do is make the scene so graphic that no one ever noticed my face.

It made sense in some ways. After all, these women were like guys from my world. Would they really be that focused on a girl’s face when walking into a scene like that? If the rest of the scene was shocking enough, then I could flee before my identity was determined. Then, Kristy would only face very general rumors about taking a boy in the locker room. Most people wouldn’t believe it, and it’d probably only increase her popularity among the girls. Simply put, molesting my sister was for her own good.

“What’s that sound? What are you doing back there?” One of the other girls who had taken a shower had returned after getting dried and dressed, and she noticed the wet sounds.

“I-it’s nothing!” Kristy cried, her hand reaching behind and trying to swat mine away, and failing.

I shoved my fingers particularly deep, and she grabbed onto the shower curtain, squeezing it hard enough that her fingers were white, trying to fight back the pleasure.

“Holy crap, she really is masturbating!”

“That’s not true… ahhhh…” She let out a lewd cry.

“Are you getting off on us watching you? Girl, fucking sick!”

“N—n-n-ahhhhhh!”

“Let’s get out of here!”

“I’m going to throw up!”

“Kristy’s sister is a pervert!”

“I-I’m cumming!” She cried out, her body starting to convulse.

I was just about to push too hard, causing her to fall out of the shower and reveal what was really going on. Her reputation would immediately spin around. From a pervert schlicking off in the shower to a woman sneaking guys into her shower to bang. Of course, I was going to cover my face so they couldn’t see. Make it out like I was embarrassed. I just really hoped no one was waiting out in the school hallway as I ran from the female locker room to the male locker room. Well, even then, I might be able to claim I was streaking or something. Desperate times called for desperate solutions.

“Let’s get out of here!”

“I’m leaving.”

“Yeah, uh… I feel like taking a shower even more, but not that one.”

As Kristy’s pussy twitched against my hand in orgasm and her legs turned to jelly, the three women finally abandoned their spots. I could hear them running away all while making disgusted, embarrassing remarks. Girls of this world might be perverts, but this level of perversion exceeded their level of comfort. They couldn’t even be mad about it. They were just disgusted. The door to the locker room opened, and then slammed shut, and like that, we were alone in the shower once again.

By this point, Kristy had finished her orgasm. Oops, their sudden departure had caught me off guard, and I had completely forgotten to carry through with the plan. We were safe now, but Kristy’s reputation would be destroyed!

She stood back up as my fingers fell out of her. She stood with her back to me. I couldn’t see her face at all. Was she really mad at me?

“Kristy…” I said guiltily.

Slowly, she started to turn to me. “Brother.”

“Y-yes!” I stood up straight, not wanting to anger her further.

However, when I saw her face, she wasn’t angry at all. Rather, she looked guilty.

“I’m sorry, brother. I know that was scary for you,” she said.

I could even get away with this? Somehow, despite my embarrassing Kristy, she was taking complete responsibility for what happened. She’s not even mentioning the fact I fingered her from behind!

“It’s fine… about your reputation,” I said awkwardly.

I did feel bad about that. I had promised to take care of my sisters, and I had instead put Kristy in a worse spot. If I could figure out a way to change things around, I would. However, Kristy didn’t seem particularly worried at all.

“It’s fine, Noah. People spread dumb rumors all the time. No one is even going to believe those gals.” Kristy said, and then looked away from me, a strange expression on her face like she wanted to say more.

“What is it?” I asked.

“It’s nothing!” Her expression grew redder.

Was she holding back her anger? Was she upset, but didn’t want to yell at her brother? I grabbed her hands, forcing her to look at me. She let out a cry as our eyes met.

“What’s wrong? Please, I can fix it.”

“It’s just that since we’ve already gone so far…” She pushed her fingers together. “Then, we might as well go the rest of the way, right?”

“Wh-what?” I took a step back.

With a red face, she bent over and spread her cheeks, giving me a full sight of her backside once again. “Please, stick it in and finish. I want it in me so bad.”

I was completely wrong! Kristy was a pervert after all! The other girls were right! After getting a taste for her brother, she wants the whole sausage! Well, I did say that I’d do anything to fix her. Big brother couldn’t be a liar, now could he? Now that the other girls had left, it was just us. A smart man would escape the locker room when he had the time. A smart man would…

I grabbed my dick and slid into between her legs. She gasped as I pressed it against her sweet womanhood. We had pushed the showerhead to the side, so even though it was still running and we were both wet, her sticky warmth hadn’t been washed away from when she came. Her pussy seemed to be begging for my cock.

“Are you sure?” I hesitated for a second.

“Please, brother. I want it.” She begged.

I pushed myself into her, taking the pussy of my 4 th sister. I was truly helpless. She was tight and warm, and it took a bit of force to get it in. As I pushed, Kristy let out erotic noises.

“Yes… Ahn… yes… a little more. I want all of Noah. Please… almost there.”

She didn’t resist as I completely penetrated her. Then, I began to thrust into her. I grabbed her ass and gave hard, rough thrusts. She let out various moans and whimpers, no longer trying to hide her lust. Her tits were pressed against the wall of the shower, and she arched her back so I could fuck her at the best angle. I had to still bend my knees slightly and thrust up, but each thrust felt great. I moved my hips faster and faster, banging Kristy for all she was worth.

“Ahhn… Noah… yes! Keep it up! Yes! Like that!” She moaned.

Girls in this world rarely hesitated to tell you just how they liked it. It made sex much more satisfying because they didn’t even attempt things like faking it. At this point, the shower was luke warm. We had eaten up all the heat. However, the friction between the two of us was hot enough. She turned her head and I kissed her mouth while thrusting into her from behind. It was all I could do to keep from exploding. Her moans muffled against my mouth as our tongues explored each other.

“Fuck!” She cried out, breaking her kiss from me and pushing her butt back. “There… there.. there… yes, yes, yes!”

As she arched her back and her pussy contracted around my cock in an orgasm, I couldn’t hold back.

“I-I’m going to cum…” I panted.

“I love you…” She stood up and turned around, dropping to her knees.

She started to suck my dick, not hesitating to suck hard even though my cock was covered in her wet juices. She probably wasn’t on any kind of birth control, so she had decided to finish me off with her mouth. All of my other sisters were older and had already prepared for such things, but Kristy was still young. I grabbed her hair tightly in my hands, and I started to thrust into her mouth.

I was almost there and I wanted to cum in her so bad. Since she had pulled it out of her pussy, I used her mouth instead. She gagged and coughed, but she let me use her face to my pleasure. I fucked her throat roughly for about a minute before I finally came. My cock erupted with semen, and she immediately made gulping sounds as she swallowed it all down her throat. My precious baby sister was now drinking my cum.

“S-sorry…” I stuttered as I finally let go of her and she spat out my dick and gasped for air.

“Don’t be,” She wiped her mouth and smiled up at me. “You taste like candy.”

I’m pretty sure that wasn’t true at all, but then again, didn’t guys say women tasted like roses or sweet stuff all the time. In my experience, it was usually just salty. I helped her up to her feet, and then she leaned forward and kissed me. I kissed back, not minding since she had swallowed. Her lips were really warm and pretty red after I had banged them so hard.

“Kristy, we can’t tell anyone about this,” I explained, feeling a bit stupid telling her this after we had already done so much.

“Duh.” She said, causing me to wince. “How could I? My sisters would kick my ass if they knew we had done this.”

“That… might be true…” I said, scratching my cheek.

Most of my sisters I had been just as far with. The only sister I hadn’t closed any gap with was Kelsey. That was a bit strange, because of all the girls, she was the most expressive and flirtatious. Yet, because of circumstances, it was her twin sister Kristy that I had the pleasure of fucking. How was I going to consolidate all of my girls together?

“Hey! Kristy! Someone just said you were in here masturbating! You’re going to give me a bad name if you-” The screen slid open.

Standing on the other side of the shower was Kelsey. She was still in her track shorts, but she wasn’t wearing a shirt. As soon as her eyes focused on the two of us, completely naked, holding each other closely, her mouth fell open. My cock wasn’t erect anymore, and there was no real indication we looked like we were having sex. It was just a man and a woman taking a shower together, and they just happened to be siblings. You could make up a reason for that, right? Yeah, I figured not.

“I’m sorry to disturb you.” Kelsey shut the curtain and turned away.

Kristy and I looked at each other and then jumped out of the shower. The pair of us jumped on Kristy as she tried to run, tackling her to the floor.

“What are you doing? You’re wet!” She cried.

“So are you! At least we’re clean!” Kristy criticized Kelsey for being sweaty.

“Okay, I will! Get off me! I didn’t see anything!”

“What do we do?” I asked Kristy desperately as we held Kelsey down.

“She’ll talk! She’ll definitely talk!”

“I don’t even know what I saw! No, I mean I didn’t see what I saw! Let me go! Help! Help!”

She started yelling for help. On the floor in front of the shower, I grabbed the first thing I could find. It turned out to be Kristy’s panties which she had taken off during the shower. I shoved them into her twin’s mouth. Her eyes bulged.

“We have to make sure she doesn’t talk.” I hissed.

“I got it! She won’t be able to talk if she’s a participant!”

“What are you saying?”

“Brother, you’re only chance is to bang my twin sister!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Wh-what are you two idiots talking about!” Kelsey cried out as the underwear slipped from her mouth.

Kristy grabbed it and shoved it back in. It was her own underwear, but desperate times led to desperate solutions.  She then pulled out some medical tape from Kelsey’s gym bag which was lying on the ground and taped Kelsey’s mouth shut. This lowered the volume of her screaming substantially. She made an angry huff with her nose as Kristy found a jump rope in her bag and similarly tied her arms up.

“What are you saying, Kristy?” I felt like her words were so hard to grasp, I needed to hear them twice.

“Kelsey needs to be quieted!” She declared. “The only way to keep her quiet is if big brother defiles her! Then, she won’t be able to speak about it to anyone.”

“We can’t do anything here!” I explained. “Other people could walk in at any moment!”

Kristy looked back and forth… “There is an emergency exit in the back. We’ll take her out that.”

The two of us took turns holding her down while the other dried and got their clothing back on frantically. We then grabbed the squirming and struggling Kelsey and picked her up, desperately trying to carry her to the back of the locker room. She made muffled sounds the entire time, but we somehow managed to bring her to the backdoor.

“If you unplug this, the fire alarm won’t go off!” Kristy informed me.

Overall, we hadn’t considered this door before because of the big red “do not exit except in the case of an emergency” sign over it. If we tried to open it, this would trigger the fire alarm and we could get in a lot of trouble. At this point, we were desperate though. Kelsey came into the locker room first, but if she had heard something, then the other girls had probably heard something by now as well. In fact, I could hear people talking excitedly from the hallway. It sounded like there was a crowd of girls gossiping and daring each other to see what was going on. It was only a matter of time before a teacher caught wind of it and then looked for themselves.

I pulled the cord, and then while holding my breath, I pushed open the fire door. When there was no alarm, I glanced over at Kristy.

“What? I know what I’m talking about…” She blushed.

I helped her pick Kelsey back up and drag her out into the road. We brought her to an area far enough away from the locker door that we could rest for a bit. Panting, I dropped Kelsey onto the grass and collapsed down next to her. At this point, my sister had stopped struggling and was just glaring at the pair of us silently.

“Now what?” I asked as I recovered my breath, looking around the back area of the school that was thankfully empty.

Kristy, also panting, glanced at her watch. “We have about 45 minutes until mom comes and picks us up. That means you have 45 minutes to, you know… do it…”

She looked away, suddenly turning shy now. We had been spiked with adrenaline after already doing so many risky things earlier, but now that we were out in the breeze, reason started to return to the pair of us. Just what were we going to do? If it got out that Kristy and I were in a shower at school together, it would cause a lot of problems. It would cause more problems than even Kristy realized. However, if I violated Kelsey, then she would have to keep her mouth quiet just as much as any of the other sisters.

My fist tightened and a nodded to myself. “Okay…”

I glanced down at Kelsey. She was still tied and bound; her brow furrowed. It was hard to say what was going through her mind at that moment.

“Then, go for it.”

I blinked. “Uh… in front of you?”

Kristy’s face slowly turned red. “Maybe it’d be better if I just took watch.”

“Right…”

She stood up stiffly and then walked out from the area we were in. We were in an alcove of sorts behind an old art display from the school. It afforded us some privacy from anyone walking down the side of the school. With Kristy keeping watch, we could probably do it without getting noticed. I kneeled down and then reached for Kelsey. She jerked back slightly. Immediately, my heart felt a pang of frustration and regret.

My hands changed their direction and grabbed the tape around her mouth. “If I take this off, you won’t scream?”

She narrowed her eyes, but a second later, she gave a rough jerk of her head as a nod. I nodded to myself and then pulled the tape off of her. She made an irritated sound as the tape pulled on her skin and then spat out the underwear.

“Gah! Blah…” She growled. “I’ll never get that taste out of my mouth.

I didn’t respond. I just sat there on my knees, not quite sure what to say next. When she finished recovering her breath, she looked up at me.

“Are you going to… take me?” She asked, her voice hushed and hard sounding.

I grabbed my arm, shrinking back slightly under her look. “Not if you don’t want it.”

“How could I?” She snapped. “Y-you’re my brother. If we did that it… it’d be…”

She stopped as she seemed to remember I was with her twin not too long ago. I was usually so confident, but that was because I was in situations where I felt comfortable. This was a situation where I acted a bit rashly and felt a bit bad. It was Kristy who had come up with the solution she came up with. I just wanted out of the locker room without getting in trouble.

“Kelsey, I-”

I was going to apologize, but she spoke up. “What were you doing in there with Kristy anyway?”

This was a situation where I could lie to her. She was probably looking for an excuse. She could mentally explain everything away, like a woman who caught her husband cheating but convinced herself it was a one-time thing that would never happen again. If I said anything even remotely reasonable, then I could probably salvage this whole situation. However, when I went to tell her I found myself unable to say the words. My tongue was stuck to the top of my mouth. I let out a breath and closed my eyes.

“What did it look like?” I asked.

“Why her?”

“I don’t know.” I shook my head, just trying to end this conversation.

There was a brief moment of silence and then she said, “Why not me?”

My eyes snapped open, and Kelsey had moved so her face was only a few inches away from mine. I let out a cry and fell back.

“Wh-what are you saying?”

She looked away, her cheeks turning red. “Kristy is really lazy. She’s got flabby arms and a flabby butt. I work out way more. I’m better looking than her, right?”

My eyes widened. “What?”

She sighed, looking a bit sad. “So, you prefer her after all.”

I sat back up hastily. “Not at all! I don’t prefer… I mean… you’re both sexy and beautiful!”

“You’ve never tried to sneak into my shower,” she pouted. “I’ve even left the door unlocked practically inviting you.”

“I thought you were just being thoughtless!”

Wait, what she said just then had shocked me because this wasn’t just a recent trait. It was well known that Kelsey always forgot to lock the door! This happened before the change. If I had ever walked in on her though, she would have screamed and called me a pervert and thrown things! That’s why I was always extremely cautious about knocking on every door before I opened it. I had once walked in on Mackenzie and she had nearly suffocated me with a pillow, and that time I hadn’t even caught even a slip of underwear. Ever since I had been extremely careful. That’s part of the reason I felt like I didn’t belong in my own home. There was no way that Kelsey had secretly been desiring that I walk in on her, right?

“You could have just barged in… I mean, maybe you needed to pee, and so while I showered you were using the bathroom and I suddenly peaked…”

“What?”

“I don’t know what I’m saying.” She grabbed her head. “I’m just really confused right now, okay?”

“You’re the reason it happened anyway!” I shot back.

“Huh? Me?”

“I found the drugs.” I sighed.

“The… drugs?” She looked at me with a confused expression on her face.

“The Adderall? Ritalin? Whatever you call it? I looked under your bed and I found a baggy of drugs.” I explained. “I wasn’t sure if you were using it to help with your studies or if you were selling it. I was trying to find out more about it before confronting you, but since we’ve gotten to this point, we might as well get it all out in the open, right?”

She stared at me silently for a bit. “Noah, I don’t have any drugs. My grades are fine, thank you very much, and if I needed money, I’d look for a job.”

“I have the baggy. It was under your bed wrapped up in some blue blanket with bears on it.”

“That blanket is Kristy’s blanket.” She said incredulously. “I had the blanket with the one with the dinosaurs. I mean, it was a baby blanket, so I don’t use it anymore. I keep mine in my closet. Kelsey still uses hers and sometimes it gets kicked under my bed.”

“K-Kristy…” My eyes started to widen. “Those pills were Kristy’s? Wh-why?”

I recalled how she had insistently agreed to help me. She had been filled with hesitation as she escorted me into the locker room. If she knew that the drugs were her own and was just trying to cover it up, her actions started to make a whole lot of sense. I felt like an idiot. I was being played by my sister the whole time. I stood up to go yell at Kristy, but Kelsey grabbed my arm, stopping me.

“What?”

“If she’s taking pills, she probably has her own reasons,” Kristy said awkwardly. “Is it really a problem?”

“Yes!” I turned back to her. “You’re my sisters, and I absolutely won’t let you abuse drugs. If you need help, I’ll give you everything I have, but we’ll handle it together.”

She stared silently for a moment. “Did you really break into the locker room just to spy on me?”

I looked away, scratching the back of my neck. “Ah… you really shouldn’t leave your combination on the back of your lock.”

She reached out and stretched.  I let out an alarmed noise.

“What? You think a jump rope is going to hold my hands?” She chuckled, suddenly looking refreshed like a cat enjoying the sun.

“Honestly, neither of us were thinking much at all.”

She leaned back casually in the grass, no longer looking like she had just been tied up and threatened with rape by her siblings.

“Well, I know Kristy more than most, so I say if you come at her angry and accuse her of the drugs, she’ll either dig her heels in and deny it or run away. You’re not going to get through to her in a direct confrontation.”

I frowned, but I pulled my knees to the side and listened anyway. “Go on.”

“If you’re serious about helping her. Then, we’re going to have to figure out the reason she’s doing it and catch her in the act.”

“After everything that has happened, how is that possible?” I asked.

“It’s fine… right now, she’s probably pretty satisfied getting to third base with her brother…”

“Third?”

“Ah… were you only kissing? I figured she um… touched you…”

“Right, third!” I gave her a thumbs up.

She hadn’t seen us having sex, so she didn’t think we had gotten to that point. She also seemed to think it was all Kristy who had pushed herself on me, rather than me initiating things with my sister. I decided to let her keep believing as she did.

“Good, then we’re agreed! This will be a double-cross! She thinks she’s spying on me… but we’ll be the ones spying on her!”

“There is just one problem.”

“What’s that?”

“Um… right now, she’s waiting out there for us to… um… finish.”

She looked at me confused for a second, and then her eyes widened. “That’s right? Wh-what do we do?”

“I guess we’ll just have to put on a show?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Oh… yes… yes!” Kelsey moaned.

I hit her on the head. “You dummy… I’m forcing you to have sex! Why are you yelling yes?”

Kelsey’s eyes teared up as she rubbed the back of her head. “Ah… I don’t know! That’s what they do in the porn movies!”

“This isn’t a porn movie. You’re being held down and losing your virginity against your will, now go!”

“Wait… why do I have to do the moaning? Aren’t you the guy? Guys should do the moaning. You should be all like ‘Mmm… yeah… my sister’s pussy is so tight and warm.’ Girls love that talk.”

“What are you saying? We’re not reenacting a porn here; we’re just trying to fool Kristy.”

“So, you should moan.”

“I don’t moan at all.”

“And you think Kristy will know that?”

“I don’t know, maybe.”

“Well, I don’t mean either.”

“Really? Kristy moans…”

“Hey, I’m not my twin sister!” Kelsey snapped. “I’ll have you know that I shlick off like three times a night. I share a room with Kristy and she doesn’t hear a thing! However, I can tell when she’s schlicking off, I just don’t say anything because it’s rude.”

She crossed her arms like the conversation was settled with that.

“Wait… if you don’t say anything to her, how do you know she doesn’t hear you do it, but she just doesn’t say anything like you?”

She froze for a second, and then made a face. “Because… I don’t moan!”

“And now we’re back to the start…” I rolled my eyes. “I don’t believe it.

I reached my hand between her legs. She was still wearing her somewhat tight and form-fitting gym shorts. I started to rub her between the legs.

“Ahh. Ahhh. Wh-what are you doing?” Her eyes popped open.

“Proving that you moan!” I shot back. “Do you admit it?”

“N-No… hah… that’s, you just caught me off guard is all. I don’t pant like some man!” She responded defiantly.

She reached out and grabbed my crotch. “Y-you’re hard!”

“Aren’t you wet?” I pointed to the wet spot on her pants.

“That’s… that’s sweat… ahnnn…”

“That was a moan!”

“I-it wasn’t!” She shot back, stroking my cock through my pants. “You’re the one who is going to moan, just like a boy should.

“Keep dreaming! You’re the one who is going to whimper and moan.”

“As if!”

Half sitting with our heads propped up, the both of us started fondling each other earnestly. I stroked her pussy through the cloth of her shorts, while she rubbed the shaft of my cock through my pants. I could see her staring intently as she tried to make me moan. After things had come this far though, how could I give her the satisfaction? If one of us didn’t do it, then Kristy would realize we weren’t doing anything back here. Of course, the dumbness of that was lost on me at the moment. Kelsey had a way of making those around her act as dumb as her. We were both too focused on getting the other to moan to think about it.

She bit her lip; her body shuddering as pleasure shot through her. Although I had far better handjobs before, something about this tense situation made her hands more arousing than I originally would have thought. I found myself trying to grit my teeth to keep from making any noises. Our breaths came out stuttered and unsteady as we tried to resist the feelings from each other’s hands, but neither of us backed down.

I felt like the cloth between her pants was far too restrictive. It wasn’t fair. I only had access to the outside of her vagina, while she could stroke the entire length of my shaft with her fingers through the pants. I needed to get past the clothing. Grabbing the fabric and pulling it aside, I touched her bare pussy. She let out a gasp.

“Liking it?” I shot out before she could protest.

“A-as if…” She responded with gritted teeth. “Wait… not insiiiiide… ahhh…”

“What? That’s not how you shlick it?” I grinned.

“Well, you don’t jack it in your pants either!” She responded defiantly, reaching into my pants and unzipping them, desperately trying to pull it out.

She finally fumbled it out of my pants and held it with both hands. Her eyes grew even wider as she looked down at it. She seemed to be stunned for a moment.

“What?” I asked.

“Nothing!” Her cheeks turned red.

She switched to one hand, stroking it with long hard thrusts while her other hand supported her. She was leaning forward toward my lap, while my fingers started to play with her twat. She was getting wet, and her erotic scent filled the air. Although she was panting, she managed to bite her lip every time she wanted to let out a moan.

I started to speed up my fingers, rubbing her clit in quick circles as I occasionally let my fingers plunge into her depth. It was clear by the feel she was very tight, a virgin. I remembered what she had said previously, so I leaned close to her ear.

“You’re so tight and warm,” I whispered seductively in her ear.

Her body shivered. “Y-you… no… I won’t lose!”

She was just about to collapse into an orgasm, but I felt her muscles below contract as she somehow resisted cumming. She began to move her hand faster, jacking my cock quickly. Another girl might have grown tired of this repetitive motion by now, but Kelsey was an athlete and extremely determined not to be outdone, so her hand kept moving faster and faster without any sign of slowing down. She didn’t have any finesse of a more experienced girl, and I might have cum already if my cock was in the hands of someone more knowledgeable.

However, there was something about her earnest, simple technique that I could resist, and I was finding it difficult to keep myself from moaning. Kelsey wasn’t doing any better. She had tightened her legs around my hand to the point she was clamping it. I slapped her thigh, causing her to yelp. After glaring at her, she reluctantly opened her legs again, but her thighs shook and it was clear she was barely hanging on.

“Just cum for me…” I whispered. “Just let it out.”

“N-no… you first!” She shot back.

At some point, our faces had closed the distance between each other, and while she jacked off my penis with all of her might, and I rubbed her cunt, our mouths were mere centimeters from each other. Both of our teeth were clenched, and we were looking into each other’s eyes, waiting for the other person to lose it first. Her breath came through her teeth in ragged stutters, and the whining sound of suppressed moans was leaking out, but they were quiet to the point that if I wasn’t so close, I wouldn’t hear them.

If I called her on just that, I knew she’d deny it. Unless she moaned loudly enough that Kristy could hear it, then it wouldn’t be a satisfying victory. She was almost there. I knew it. Any second, she would let out a resounding moan. Her face was completely red, and her body was shaking as a powerful orgasm was building in her body.

I was so focused on finishing her, I hadn’t realized how close I was. It wasn’t until I felt the familiar rise of my cock swelling that I knew I was about to cum. I would let out a noise, and then she’d act like she was the winner. Unable to suppress my moan, I did the only thing I could. I shoved my lips against hers and stuck my tongue through her lips. Her teeth separated instantly and she started kissing me back. Her body started to jerk as she orgasmed, her legs kicking the floor as her pussy tightened against my fingers and I felt a gushing of liquid from between her legs.

That wasn’t the only location that was gushing. My cock shot out too, white spurts of cum shooting between her fingers and onto the ground. The pair of us had broken into moans, but they were stifled by each other’s mouths. We clung to each other, to keep the moans stuck between us, which was counter to the entire reason we started this in the first place.

“Are you finished br- Oh!” At that exact moment, Kristy had decided to return, having not heard much more than a little bit of rustling and having already given it ten minutes.

Thus, she arrived in time to see the pair of us cumming and spasming on the ground as we tongue-kissed each other. The pair of us collapsed on the grass next to each other. We finally pulled our lips away, both of us looking up in the sky as we panted for breath. I came hard, and some of it was still dripping down Kelsey’s hand. She just let it pool there as she lay down like all the life had gone out of her.

After a bit, she looked up at Kristy, who looked away, blushing slightly. She then glanced over at me, the expression on her face was strangely resolute.

“Th-that was better than schlicking it.” She said, swallowing. “Way better…”

Although we hadn’t intended to do anything, the pair of us had ended up hitting third base. More than that, Kelsey had walked in on it and seen everything. Of course, it was her idea to begin with, so I didn’t know what she wanted.

We cleaned up quickly after recovering, and then we quickly abandoned the area before we were caught. Kelsey braved returning to the locker room, where she quickly showered and changed back into her normal clothing. When she returned, she reported that she had told them all she had found the back door open when she got there, and she had followed it out the back and couldn’t find anyone. There was no way she was going to admit what happened.

“Even if… that didn’t happen.” Her face turned red. “You two dummies. I never would have told anyone about it! You’re my brother and my sister! If I said some things, it’d be just as much social suicide for myself, even if I wasn’t involved at all! You should give me more credit than that!”

She gave us both an admonishment, and we both realized we had overreacted. Having already been pushed into a corner by that other girl, we had just acted out of instinct and the intense desire for self-preservation. It really would have been dumb if Kelsey spread rumors about her own family committing incest.

“Anyway, Noah explained a bit of what happened.”

“H-he did?” Kristy’s eyes widened.

“I mean, he mentioned that you couldn’t remember my locker combination and you wanted to steal some pads, so he came in and you two got stuck in the shower when someone came in. In the future, if you need my pads, just ask!”

I managed to keep myself from reacting, and when Kristy looked questioningly at me, I nodded in confirmation. Just after I had complimented Kelsey on keeping her mouth shut, she slipped up and nearly told Kristy that we knew the drugs were hers. She had managed to recover it quickly though, implying that I lied about why we were there.

“Sorry,” I said.

She gave me a subtle look, but then crossed her arms and let out a sigh. “Well, at least, I understand how easy it is for… some things to accidentally happen. But we all have to promise not to make it a habit!”

As she said this, she pointed out her finger accusingly. Well, she was a culprit now herself. So, at the least, she didn’t have the right to lecture us on that. That didn’t mean she wasn’t still struggling to come to terms with it. She decided to call it an accident instead like our hands just fell into each other’s pants.

“What about the people who saw Kristy?” I asked.

“Well, we’ll just claim Kelsey had a heavy period and bled a lot and was afraid to be seen before she had a chance to clean it all up. Her moans were cramping. Only half the girls were listening anyway since she was trying to bully someone out of the shower.”

Like that, our little foray seemed to have been resolved. However, Kelsey and I still had to figure out what to do about Kristy and the drugs she was taking. It wasn’t over between me and my twins.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was two night later, after we had all finished supper, that Kelsey suddenly appeared in the hallway as I was heading back to my room. She wasn’t looking directly at me, but the wall instead, and the tip of her foot was twisting back and forth against the carpeted floor nervously. I was just about to enter my room but stopped when I saw her. She was wearing a cute pair of button-up pajamas, which looked very sexy on her.  I waited for her to say something, but she kept her mouth shut.

“Do it!” A whispered voice came from her open door, causing her face to turn red.

“What is it? I asked.

She seemed to turn even redder. Then she glanced back into her room, back at me, and then gestured with her finger. She didn’t say anything but immediately hopped back into her room. Looking around in confusion, I shrugged and followed her into her room. When I got there, I found both sisters standing there waiting for me to enter. I was starting to think that maybe this had to do with what Kelsey and I had spoken about. Were we finally going to do an intervention with Kristy?

“Can you shut the door?” Kristy asked shyly.

I frowned but did what my twin sister asked before turning back to them. “So? What’s up?”

“We want to-“

“We were thinking-“

Both girls spoke at once and then stopped, looking even shyer.

“Okay, what’s going on here.”

The two girls looked at each other, but it was finally Kelsey that stepped forward. “It’s not anything big. Kristy and I were just talking and we’d like to see you naked.”

“Okay…” I nodded automatically before I realized what I just heard. “Wait, what?”

Kelsey started laughing while playing with her hair. “Ah… it-it’s nothing, Brother! It’s just, we’ve been talking, and after our experiences the other day, we want to…. Um… see you naked?”

Kristy stepped forward and put her hand on Kelsey’s shoulder. “What sister is saying is that we both had an experience with big brother, and we’d like to um… I mean it’s not perverted or anything. We just haven’t seen a guy… a real guy… you know, up close.”

“We were in the shower together!”

“Ah… but there was water, and we were up close… and I didn’t get to see much.”

“Plus, we had our clothing for the whole time! I didn’t see anything!” Kelsey added.

I stared at my two sisters, who were looking somewhat awkward as they asked such a thing. Immediately, I was wondering if I was being pranked. How could they make such a request of me? Then, I took a deep breath, and I tried to think from their point of view. I’m a young teenage boy who is mostly a virgin. A close guy friend and I both have a sexual experience with a cute girl. We think she might be down with anything, and our hormones are raging.

“Oh… no…” I sighed.

I just had to think, what would I have done with my older sisters? Rather, what did I do with my older sisters? My little twin sisters were at the start of puberty. Their sexual awakening occurred with their big brother. Now, they wanted a big brother to open himself up to show them even more. Seeing my defeated expression, both girls began to panic.

“We’re not saying we’re going to do anything to you!” Kelsey cried out.

“It’s just looking! No harm came from looking.” Kristy nodded.

Here I was thinking they wanted to have some kind of serious conversation, and all they wanted to do was satisfy their teenage horniness! Well, I’m a teenager too, so it’s not like I’m any better. Just asking was enough that I was starting to get turned on. However, the idea of taking my clothes off in front of them made me feel a bit shy. It was one thing when we were actively doing something sexual, but when I was just standing there, it made me feel a bit nervous.

“Brother, please!” Kelsey begged, trying her best to get a pitiful look.

Kristy managed to do the same. “Please!”

As much as these girls tried to convince you they were different, it was at times like these I started to realize how much they were the same. I had been afraid one of my little sisters was a pervert, but it turned out both of them were perverts! So, why, instead of disgusted, did that really turn me on?

“Fine.” I agreed, trying to keep my cheeks from changing colors.

The twins looked at each other and smiled. They nearly jumped and clapped their hands. Both girls separated and then sat on their beds on either side of the room. I was wondering how I should do this. Should I strip? Should I do a little dance? Wait, I’m not a stripper! They were treating me like an object though. I was kind of okay with it.

I decided to just start with the top, so I pulled off my shirt and tossed it on the ground. Both girls stared at my chest with wide eyes. It was to the point where I almost put my hands over it.

“Hot,” Kristy said.

“Noah, you’re really cute.”

“R-really?”

“Your nipples are so cute and pink, I want to lick them.” Kristy declared.

“Kristy!”

“Wh-what? It’s true!”

“W-well, I like your belly button… I guess…” Kelsey blushed.

Between the two, I was guessing it was Kelsey that had pushed this event to happen. She was more exploratory and adventurous than her sister. As for their compliments, I didn’t slap myself, but I wanted to. I couldn’t let these shallow comments get to me. I wasn’t the equivalent of some girl who quickly bent over for any man who complimented her. What kind of compliments were those anyway? My nipples and my belly button? Why would a guy want that kind of compliment?

“Brother… can we see down below?” Kristy asked, her eyes locked on my crotch.

“Y-yeah…” Kelsey looked away, but it was clear she was still watching out of the corner of her eye.

Between the two, Kristy had already lost her virginity, so she had a bit more experience. However, that had been sudden and under duress. Plus, she was keeping it from the other girl. I looked at the two expectant women and then sighed. There was no lock on their door. If there had been, the pair would have locked each other out vindictively on many different occasions. So, the general house rule was if their door was closed, no one opened it.

The girls would open it on each other all the time, but no one else was allowed to, and if they did, they got an earful from both girls. It was enough of a deterrent that even Mackenzie would knock before bursting into their room. Plus, this late at night, there would be no reason to knock on the door unless they knew I was in here. Biting my lip, I reached up and unbuckled my pants.

Kristy licked her lips and Kelsey’s face started to redden. Then, in a swift motion avoiding all sexiness, I pulled them down. I had just managed to keep my cock from getting erect. It was still a bit out there, but it wasn’t fully erect. Both girls let out noises as they looked at my crotch. Their intense gazes proved too much, and I couldn’t help but blush, wanting to cover myself up. I was looking away from the two girls, wondering when this awkwardness would end. That’s why I didn’t notice at first when both girls seemed to leave their beds as one.

They went to their knees, each getting close to my cock. When I looked down to see my two identical sisters on their knees in front of me as I stood naked in their room, staring at my cock, I immediately froze.

“Wh-what?”

“It’s not as big as I remember,” Kelsey said curiously.

“It looks soft,” Kristy added.

Several mixed emotions crossed my face. “It’s not erect! It’s only when I get aroused.”

“Ohh…” Kelsey reached up and poked it.

The touch of her fingertip was enough that it started to stiffen slightly.

“It got bigger and harder!” Kristy spoke up excitedly.

“Hehe… brother sure gets excited easily. We barely touch him and he’s all hard.” Kelsey spoke with a lewd expression on her face.

“Brother, how can you get excited by this? Do you get off being seen naked by your little sisters?”

“He’s a voyeur.”

“Definitely a pervert.”

“You two…” I narrowed my eyes at my sisters, after asking me to do this, immediately jumped to ridiculous conclusions. “I’m not that excited.”

“But you’re all hard…”

“That…”

“And over your sisters…”

“But…”

“And we’ve just looked.”

“Geh…” I gave up.

First, they complained it wasn’t erect, and now they mocked me that it was getting erect! The worst part was that they weren’t technically wrong. I was getting erect being naked in front of my sisters, but it wasn’t the same thing! They were acting like I was some… slut or something.

“We’re going to make brother cry.” Kristy hissed in Kelsey’s ear, but I could still hear her.

“Ah, but he’s the one whose getting turned on?”

“Who’s turned on?” I snapped back. “If I touched down there, I bet you’re both wet!”

Both girls gasped as one and then covered their nether regions as if I had just jumped for them.

“He wants to touch us down there too.”

“Brother is interested in pussies.”

I felt myself getting increasingly annoyed, but also strangely aroused. My cock that was only a little stiff before had reached the full erectness now. Just hearing the word pussy comes from my sister’s lips was enough. Just as I was helplessly thinking about what I was going to do, I felt something press against my dick. I looked down to see that Kelsey had pushed her face against my dick. It was pushed up, causing my dick to rest on her forehead. As this happened, she made a loud sniffing sound.

“Sister! What are you doing?”

“Yes!” I nodded. “What are you doing?”

“I wanted to see what brother smells like down there.”

“And?”

“Pungent.”

“You guys…”

Kristy suddenly pushed her head in from the side and sniffed my balls too. I suddenly regretted not going into the bathroom and cleaning up. My sisters were smelling down there.

“Ah!” I jerked as Kristy’s tongue came out and licked my ball. “What are you doing now?”

“I wanted to see if it tasted like it smelled.”

“You’re both just screwing with me!”

“Ahhhh…lmmm….” Kelsey took her tongue and licked from the bottom of my balls up to the shaft in a single lick.

The feeling was really good, and I could stop myself from letting out a moan as my knees shook.

“I don’t hate the taste,” Kelsey confirms.

“Me neither.” Kristy nods.

Both girls put their mouths on my cock, making sure to attack different areas. They weren’t sucking it fully, but more like they were just teasing a mouthful. Kelsey took a piece of my shaft while Kristy took one of the balls. Both girls suckled on it, and my hands couldn’t help but grab their hair as they did.

They both pulled away, letting out soft, feminine gasps. I could see saliva running from my dick to both of their mouths. At that point, I had already lost any restraint. I realized that I was going to bang both of these girls tonight and there was nothing that was going to stop me.

“Brother…”

“Noah…”

Both girls looked up at me as I held a chunk of each of their hair in my hands.

“How about I taste you now!”

I shoved them both down to the ground. They let out cries of protest as I pulled off their pajama pants, but it wasn’t long until I was diving in between my little sister’s legs. However, this night was just beginning.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I had never had the intention of playing with my younger sisters, but somehow, I ended up in this situation. They had gotten me to strip naked, and then had teased me as much as I was willing to take. It was my turn to strip them. Of course, they didn’t resist at all, and soon all three of us were naked. If anyone walked in at that moment, it would be bad, but those kinds of thoughts weren’t in my mind right at that moment.

Instead, I was staring down at my cute sisters. They were twins, but they also had various differences between them. Kristy was a little pumper and softer, where Kelsey was a bit more refined and muscular. Kelsey was actually about an inch taller than her sister. As for their pussies, they were nearly identical. The only difference was that Kristy had shaved herself bare, while Kelsey had a bit of baby growth. It was thin and light, making it blend in with her skin.

“Y-you shaved?” Kelsey naturally was nosy, and immediately checked out her sister.

“Wh-where are you looking!” she covered herself from her sister’s eyes. “I-I heard guys like it smooth.”

“I do.” I immediately cut in before Kelsey could tease her.

“R-really?” Kelsey asked, suddenly covering herself shyly.

I grabbed her wrist and pulled it away. “I like that too.”

“Sh-should we really be doing this?” Kelsey breathed out loud.

“We can stop if you want.” I offered.

She shook her head exaggeratedly. “N-no! I mean… whatever. If you want.”

“Okay then, I’ll start with you!”

“What? Ahhh!”

“Shh! Sister, someone might hear!” Kristy hushed Kelsey as I grabbed her by her legs and pulled her to me.

I dived my head directly between her legs. She instinctively tried to close them to protect her sensitive areas, but I didn’t let her. My mouth found her clitoris, and I immediately started to lick it.

“Ahn… B-brother!” Kelsey gasped, biting her hand.

The second the two girls had invited me into their room, they had to suspect that things were going this way. However, just because you were hoping to have sex didn’t mean you were prepared when stuff started happening. Kelsey looked down in disbelief as I slid my tongue up and down her slit. I barely started licking her when Kristy grabbed my hand. She brought it between her own legs.

“That’s so hot, Brother. Finger me.” She also begged.

Kristy had been more sexually aggressive and demanding than her sister. That’s why we ended up having sex in the first place. She likely also pushed her sister into bringing me into this room and going this far. I didn’t think either of my sisters was into girls. They were both focused on me, but I didn’t mind that at all. I heard about threesomes where the girls would be more into each other than the guy, so this suited me fine.

While eating out one girl, my nose pushing against the fur patch of her crotch, I slid my fingers into the other’s smooth snatch, exploring her depths. Both girls were naked and writhing on the ground between the matching beds on either side of the room, taking every piece of stimulation I gave to them. Kristy licked her lips and squeezed her nipples, even rocking her hips as my fingers slid out of her wet snatch. Kelsey was less animated biting her lip and panting as my tongue made shapes against her clitoris.

“Ahhh… ahhh…” Kelsey moaned and started to shake.

“Hehe… are you cumming?” Kristy teased.

Kelsey’s face flushed red. “N-no! I’m not! Th-this is nothing!”

“You can admit it. You’re a quick cummer. To think, you’re going to splash it all over Brother’s face.”

“Th-that won’t happen! I-I’m not some creepy girl.”

“Well, you definitely won’t last as long as me!”

I found it extremely interesting how alike the girls were. In public life, the conversation was usually reversed. It’d be Kelsey teasing Kristy. Kristy was always a bit more awkward, a bit lazier, and a bit less accomplished, and so Kelsey always took the opportunity to rub it in her face. However, now that Kelsey was taken out of her element, Kristy was taking the opportunity to tease her and make her blush. I would have let things progress, but I was the one pleasuring them, so all of her smack talk about how she was going to last was indirectly a slight on me. That was something a big brother wasn’t going to forgive.

I pulled away from Kelsey and then used my hold on her legs to flip her over. She let out a cry as she tumbled on top of Kristy.

“Hey! What’s the big idea?” She cried out.

Kelsey had also said that this was nothing, so I was going to make both my little sisters pay. They were the ones who had pushed us into this situation, so why couldn’t I have a little fun with both of them? I was between both of my sister’s legs, although one was on her back, and the other was facing her on top. She tried to get up, but I pushed her back down against her sister. The two looked away to keep their mouths from touching.

I slid my dick into Kristy. She had already lost it anyway, so I just popped it in. She let out a cry of surprise, and her arms grabbed Kelsey instinctively. While that was happening, I put my hand up between Kelsey’s nice butt cheeks from behind and then slid two fingers into her snatch. This was the first time I penetrated her with my fingers, having previously only teased her clit with my tongue. She also let out a cry of surprise.

“B-brother… if you keep it up…”

“It’s cumming out!”

“No… I’m cumming!”

Both girls started climaxing. Liquid sprinkled out from the top and bottom like a water fixture suddenly being turned on. That didn’t mean I was done with them. These two were basically virgins, but I was their experienced big brother. If I didn’t show them how good sex could be, then I wasn’t doing my duty. I grabbed Kelsey and lifted her. My little sisters were younger and lighter, and it was easier to pick them up and move them however I wanted. Compared to London or Dawn, they were like feathers.

I pressed Kelsey’s naked back against my stomach, and then I wrapped my arms around her, grabbing her chest and kissing her neck.

“B-brother, what are you doing?” She gasped.

While Kristy was still on the ground with her legs spread out, I put Kelsey down into a sitting position, her pussy pushing up against her sister. However, my dick was still inside her sister, so she ended up riding on top. Every time I thrust forward, my dick pushed between her cheeks, rubbed along her cunt, and then entered her sister. As my hips followed, they would push her up, and then when I pulled away, she’d fall back down, only to do it again.

As I continue to bang Kristy, Kelsey’s pussy got continuously teased as her pussy felt my cock enter her sister. I sucked on her neck enough that she would probably get a hickey, and I banged them both with my full strength. Both girls had already grown lost in their lust, and I was worried they were being a bit loud with their voices as they panted and moaned. Kristy had leaned back against me, letting me do whatever I wanted to her, and Kelsey just took my cock, keeping her legs wide for me.

“Ahhh… Ghhaaaa…” Kristy began to cum again, the feeling being too intense for her to handle.

Her body shook and bucked as she came once again. After losing to her sister, I pulled out, and then repositioned my cock and pushed up into Kristy.

“Y-yes!” She cried out as I slid into her.

I thought she’d be pained, but the athletic side of her seemed to want to push right through the pain. She started to ride my cock with the both of us in a seated position in front of Kristy. She could only watch, gasping for breath, as her sister continued to bounce up and down on my cock. I had taken both of their virginities now. At least I had kept up with the two girls at once. I realized I reached my limit.

“I’m going to cum!”

I might have just cum if it was my older sisters, but my younger sisters were likely not on any birth control. The last thing we needed was to get them pregnant. Kelsey seemed to be on the same wavelength, as she jumped off my cock and then turned around and on her knees, started to suck my cock. Realizing what was happening, Kristy quickly rolled over and did the same. I looked down as both of my sister’s savagely attacked my cock that was already on the edge.

I reached out and grabbed a chunk of each of their hair as my cock began to cum. Most of it missed their mouths. The girls had been so focused on getting me the rest of the way that by the time I came, their mouths were nowhere near the head. Warm, white spurts shot on their faces, their hair, and some even shot down their backs. Slowly I finished all over my sisters, making quite a mess.

Loud footsteps thumped down the hallway, and a few moments later there was a knock. They barely waited three seconds before shoving the door open.

Mackenzie glared inside. “You two know there are other people in this house, right? I don’t know what porn you’re listening to or where you got it, but you’re being too loud.”

“W-we don’t have porn!”

“Wh-what are you talking about?”

The twins spoke in unison.

Mackenzie narrowed her eyes as she looked at both girls, they were in bed, with their blankets pulled up to necks. It looked pretty suspicious.

“I said I don’t care… but your big brother is right across the hall. What would he think if he heard you two perverts doing such gross things!”

The two girls looked at each other, and then back at Mackenzie.

“We’re sorry.”

“Sorry, Kenzie.”

“Whatever, just be quiet.” She slammed the door.

“Ahhhn!”

“H-hey! What are you doing under there!”

I lifted my head out from under Kelsey’s sheet.

“D-doing that even when big sister was watching.” She stuttered.

“What did he do? Brother, you have to do it to me too! It’s only fair!”

“Eh, first we need to clean up. Brother, you got cum everywhere!”

“It’s all over my bed.”

“I’ll get pregnant for sure!”

“Brother has to take responsibility!”

I laughed helplessly as my little sisters acted a bit spoiled with me. In the end, I had to promise to take responsibility for the both of them. I was a bit surprised that it wasn’t the other way around, but I guess that was the difference between big sisters and little sisters. That was the same no matter what world I happened to be in.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Whore! Slut! Bitch!

I stared at my locker at school, which had become vandalized. Written in makeup were these slurs and statements. This was not the actions of women, but of men. Even if nothing I had done of recent had been proven, rumors flew. Although Abigail stopped sending out her rumor war, it was far too late to stop it now. Whether it was the gangbang in the locker room, the seeming two girls who were publicly fighting over me, the teacher I was banging for better grades, the girls I hung around while mostly not hanging out with any guys, it had all caused my reputation to plummet.

“They’re jealous.”

I nearly jumped as a voice came from directly behind me. I turned to see Abigail standing behind me, her eyes glued on me.

“Abby… uh… what are you doing here?”

“I came here to wait for you, and I noticed the locker.”

“Why were you waiting for me?”

“Do I need a reason to wait for my man?” She demanded, and then let out a breath. “Whatever, I guess you’re not that upset about it?”

“No, I think it’s kind of funny, actually.”

These same guys who were calling me a whore now, if things went back to normal, would be heralding me as their hero. It was worth a chuckle, at least. A lot of things had bothered me about this new world, but bullying from the men wasn’t one of them. I didn’t even have a desire to find out who did it to kick his ass. I was confident I could, but there just didn’t seem to be enough of a reason.

“If you say so…” Abigail shrugged, trying to play the bad girl type.

“What do you mean by jealous?” I asked as I recalled what she had first said.

“Your sisters.” She shrugged.

“What about them?”

I had thought she was going to say there was some guy into her. If that was the case, I might seriously go beat him up. I admit it, I was a hypocrite, but I was okay with that. This was a hypocritical world that we lived in these days. Besides, they fired the first blow by attacking my locker. It was only right that I retaliated.

“A lot of boys have crushes on your sisters. I don’t know if you realize this, and I hate to admit it, but all of your sisters are good looking women.”

I frowned. “Boys want to date my sisters?”

“That’s the look that scares them off. I’ve been hearing a few boys tried to get close to you so they could get a chance with one of them, but you sent them on their way.”

My frown deepened, but then I started to remember something. This was something that hadn’t been caused by me. Rather, it had been caused by the original Noah who existed in this world. Abigail was correct. There were a few guys who tried to be my friends to get to my sisters. I didn’t get along with my sisters at all, and I also didn’t want to invite a bunch of horny idiots to my house because they hoped for the chance to bang one of my sisters.

At the time, I didn’t care about my sister’s side of things whatsoever. I just didn’t like being used, and I didn’t consider people who would do that kind of thing to be worth calling friends. So, I had sent away a few guys who were hoping that I’d open up the path to my sister’s pussy. It seemed like this sort of thing happened in this world too, but like with everything, it had a mildly different spin. My aloof and cool sisters were the envy of many boys. They hope to get close to me hoping I would support them going after my sisters.

Nope, it didn’t make me feel any better. It was still petty bastards using me. Just because the boys had more innocent intentions in this world didn’t make it feel any more honest, nor did it make me feel any regret. It left me feeling pissed. Just because I wouldn’t accept their phony friendship, they decided to get back at me by spreading rumors, insulting me, and then vandalizing my locker. I still had a mind to kick their asses. It didn’t have anything to do with the fact they wanted my sisters. Besides, they were mine, no one else’s!

“There are even some rumors that you fancy your sisters and…” She suddenly stopped and looked away.

“What is it?” I asked.

“N-nothing…” She lied.

I grabbed her and turned her back to me. As much of a tough girl as she liked to be, the reason I didn’t get afraid is that I learned that as long as I treated her with a tough hand, she accepted anything I threw at her. Well, once she stopped fighting me on my relationship with other women, there was very little she wouldn’t let me get away with. With my eyes staring at her, she couldn’t keep up her routine and broke down.

“Th-they said you’re sleeping with your sisters!”

“Wh-where would they get that idea?” My eyes widened.

Well, where wouldn’t they get that idea? I totally was sleeping with my sisters, and I was even doing it on the school premises. It would be stranger if they didn’t come up with that rumor. However, that didn’t mean I wanted it spread around. People could level words like slut or bitch at me all they wanted, but as soon as they got my sister’s involved, I started getting these brotherly feelings. I absolutely wouldn’t let anyone screw with my sisters.

“I don’t know…” She shook her head. “They just think that you’re too close with them.”

“I’ve barely even talked to them until very recently.” That was a completely true statement.

“I know that… but a bunch of stupid whores only see what they want to see. Don’t think about it anymore.” She bit her lip, and for a second I saw a flash like she was going to say something else, and then bit it back.

“What else?” I narrowed my eyes.

“N-nothing…”

“Abigail.”

“It doesn’t matter! It’s already happening…”

“What’s happening? Talk!”

“Ah… it’s just… I heard that a guy worked up the courage and is confessing to one of your sisters.”

“My sisters? When?”

“N-now?”

“Now! Where? Take me to that bastard!”

“Noah… it’s just your sister. Someone can ask her out. If you go, then it’s going to make all these rumors seem true!” Abigail gestured to the locker.

“Take me.”

She crossed her arms and lifted her chin. “I won’t. As your girlfriend, I’m putting my foot down.”

I stared at her, but I knew enough about Abigail at this point that I knew that she wouldn’t do what I asked no matter how much I tried to bully her. Feeling helpless for a second, another strategy suddenly came to me. I reached out and grabbed Abigail’s sides. As soon as I touched her, she looked like a deer in headlights.

“Wh-what do you want?”

“Abigail… if you do this tiny little thing for me… then… I’ll s- I’ll let you suck my cock.”

“Wh-what?”

I grabbed her hand on her hips, and then guided it between my legs, wrapping her hand around my balls and squeezing them. She stared down at my groin her hand was on, and then up at me. She didn’t move her hand away, and her breathing had quickened.

“Don’t you want me?” I asked, pushing out my lower lip.

Abigail swallowed hard. “N-Noah… shit…”

“Don’t you want to taste me…”

She started to nod before she caught herself. “Y-you… fuck… fine. I’ll suck your dick so hard you can’t walk for a week! A-also… I get to swallow!”

“Deal!”

“F-fine…” Her hands squeezed my balls one more time before she let go with regret in her eyes.

I was shocked it worked. I was originally going to say something like I’d suck her pussy, but I changed it at the last second. I wasn’t quite sure why. Guy’s liked blowjobs in my world, so girls probably wanted their pussy sucked in this one. However, I did change it, and suddenly I was getting a blowjob and what I wanted. This world never ceased to amaze me.

Abigail finally began to lead me away from my locker. We traveled to the other side of the school. This was currently the time between lunch periods. Mine was starting, and the previous one was ending. So, I wasn’t surprised when she led me to the lunchroom. Did that mean it was going to be Kelsey or Kristy? They were the ones who were in lunch with me. Since the three of us had banged, the pair of them gave me looks during lunch like they wanted to talk to me, but I had reconciled with my three friends. If one of them was asked out though…

That’s when she gestured to a corner of the commons area. As for how Abigail knew this information, I didn’t even want to know. She was a hardcore stalker from the beginning, so her information resources couldn’t be underestimated. When I looked, I was surprised to see one of my sisters who wasn’t even in this lunch. It was Mackenzie standing there. Of all of them, she was the one I least expected to be asked such a question.

We arrived just in time. Mackenzie was leaning against a wall with her arms crossed, while a boy was standing next to her. I didn’t know this boy. He was a year above me, the same age as Mackenzie. He was dressed up in a very metrosexual look, and he wasn’t unattractive either.

“Mackenzie… I was wondering if you’d like to go out. I… got you this.”

He held out a letter. Mackenzie eyed it and then snatched it from his hands. She opened it up right in front of him and then read it. When she finished reading it, she stuffed it in her pocket and looked back at him.

“Fine… we’ll go out.”

“Huh?” My mouth fell open.

The second I had seen it was Mackenzie, I had naturally assumed she’d say no. It never even occurred to me that after what we had done, she’d say yes to another guy.

I spoke too loudly, and the boy and Mackenzie turned to see me standing there. The commons area outside the cafeteria was quite noisy, but a lot of people seemed to notice something that might be juicy gossip and seemed to quiet down as they listened in. I felt like all the eyes were on us, but that was probably just my imagination.

“N-Noah!” Mackenzie straightened, her arms falling as soon as she saw me there looking at them.

“Noah? That’s your little brother, right?” The boy said, and then smiled and held out a hand to me. “Hi, I’m George. I’m going out with you big sister. You can call me big bro if you like.”

“The fuck I will,” I muttered.

“What?”

“Nothing…” I ignored him and shot Mackenzie a look. “You’re going on a date with this guy?”

Mackenzie’s face flushed. “Ah… yeah… I guess…”

“You’re not jealous, are you?” George gave a smile that almost seemed gloating.

I wondered if he had attacked my locker specifically to distract me so that I wouldn’t be here. Perhaps I was just being crazy. I took a deep breath and tried to act nonchalant.

“Why would I be? I was just thinking we should totally double-date.”

“Double… date?” George blinked.

“Yeah, I…” I looked beside me to see that Abigail wasn’t there.

A quick scan showed she had hidden in the crowd, planning to run if things got too graphic. That traitor! I reached out and grabbed her, yanking her out of the crowd of people. She let out a cry as I pulled her next to me.

“Who are you?” Mackenzie frowned.

“This is my girlfriend,” I announced. “We can go on a double date. You and George, and me and Abigail.”

“That sounds great!” George smiled. “It’s a date!”

“Good.”

This wasn’t a date. This was war!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“You’re going on a date with that woman?” A girl approached me with an angry expression on her face after school.

“Samantha, hey…” I gave a weak smile. “I-it’s just about making… I mean… this guy asked my sister out and Abigail was there…”

“Even so! You all but announced publicly that she’s your girlfriend, not me.”

“Um… I’ll let you suck my cock?”

“Noah!” I was afraid I said the wrong thing this time, but then she blushed. “It’s not like I don’t want to.”

That line was super effective! Women were such perverts in this world. They all wanted to suck my dick. I coughed as I tried to recover from my own shock over that. By this point, I should have been used to it, but it never ceased to surprise me how easy this kind of stuff came when you were a moderately decent looking guy with no scruples.

“Samantha, this is just something I’m doing so I get a measure on the guy going after Mackenzie. After that, I’ll take you on a real date. It’ll be just the two of us. Isn’t that better?”

She crossed her arms, but she was thinking about it. “Yeah… I guess. But I’ll take you on the date, not the other way around!”

“Deal.”

Somehow, I managed to defuse that situation before it became an issue. Samantha and I would go out on a date another day, but for the moment, I could focus on Mackenzie. That was what I was thinking but only a short bit later my sister Kelsey appeared.

“Noah!” She ran up to me in short gym shorts and a tank top.

“Kelsey, what is it?” I tried to avoid looking at her lewdly, since there were other people present and there were already bad rumors going around that probably wouldn’t be any better after my outburst with Mackenzie earlier.

“Are we going to track Kristy now?”

“Huh?”

“About the… you know…” She leaned close. “Drugs.”

I had been so worried about Mackenzie that I had nearly forgot about that. Actually, after the two girls had roped me into a threesome and I had tasted them both, I had sort of let the instigating incident slip from my mind. However, it was true that Kelsey did have those drugs, and had even lied about it and pinned it on her sister when I had mentioned it.

I had ended up snooping on Kristy, but now Kelsey probably thought she’d gotten away with it. We really did need to follow her and find out what she was doing.

“Right… don’t you have sports through?”

“I told them I have cramps. I’m free right now.” She explained. “Oh! And I know where Kelsey went to as well!”

“If you already know, why didn’t you follow her?” I cried out.

“To get you?” She responded as if the answer was obvious.

“Damn it, you should have started with that.”

“S-sorry!”

The encouraged idiot Kelsey to lead the way, and the pair of us were off. There was a time where I left when school ended, but it seemed like the more popular I became with my sisters, the more often I ended up stuck at school until later in the day. Well, it wasn’t always my sisters. Sometimes, my teacher was in the mood to play and would invite me to her office for some tutoring.

She led me out the back of the school. We were in a portion of the school set up for driver’s ed. There was a large obstacle course as well as a special driver’s ed car. However, I didn’t see Kristy at all.

“How do you know that she is back here?” I asked uncertainly.

“Kelsey always stays after school this day of the week even though she doesn’t have any after school activities. I asked and people said they saw her walking out over there.”

She pointed to a fence, which had a clear gash in it from which someone could squeeze through. Behind the fence were a brush and forest. I looked over at her, and she shrugged. With a sigh, I headed toward the spot and then squeezed into the fence. She followed close behind me.

“Now what?”

“I-I don’t know!” I thought we’d just find her here!”

I wanted to smack Kristy. This was the kind of thoughtless thing she was known for. However, just as I was about the berate her, I heard something in the forest. It sounded like voices. They had gotten loud for a few moments, and then quieted, just out of earshot. I lifted my hand to my lips and then ducked down, heading in the direction of the sounds. As we grew closer, I could hear the voice coming out more distinct. Eventually, I was able to make out words.

“You lost the entire bag, huh?”

“My brother took it! There is nothing I can do about it.” This voice sounded like Kelsey. “I said I’d get you the money.”

“The problem is, you don’t have the money on you now,” Another female said.

I leaned forward to try to get a look at the people who seemed to be in some kind of clearing. That’s when I heard a snap behind me. I slowly looked back and glared. Kristy was standing there, giving an innocent shrug.

“Who was that?”

“Over there!”

I had no choice but to step out into the clearing. Now that I got a view, I could see that Kelsey was cornered, and there were three other girls present. The leader was wearing a leather coat and had a piercing in her nose and wild purple hair. They looked like tough girls, kind of like the ones who were bullying my youngest sister Bethany after they grew up and went to high school.

“Noah! Kristy!” Kelsey went white as she saw the pair of us come out into the open.

“Oh? Your brother and sister?” She grinned.

“What the heck are you doing to my sister?” Kristy took a step forward.

“It’s not… I can explain!” Kelsey cried out.

“I know the drugs were yours, Kelsey.” I declared.

Kelsey opened her mouth and then closed it, dropping her head. I pulled out the bag and waved it at them.

“You want your drugs back? Fine. Here they are.”

I tossed it, but the bag was a bit lighter than I predicted and it fell only halfway between me and them. They looked down at it, but they didn’t try to fetch it at all. The lead girl smirked.

“Oh? You’re returning them?”

“That’s right. So, take them and leave. You’re done with Kelsey.”

“I’m afraid it’s not that simple. You see, Kelsey owes me. She was supposed to sell those pills for me, at a hefty profit, no less. She failed to do that. So, just taking them back won’t cut it.”

“Kelsey isn’t your damn drug dealer! Go find someone else or I’ll report you!”

“You might as well be reporting your sister too.” She shrugged.

“It’s fine, you two.” Kristy barked. “I’m handling it.”

“You call this handling it?” I responded angrily. “You call lying to me handling it?”

A look of guilt flashed over her face and she looked away. The girls around her all chuckled.

“Don’t worry about poor Kristy, over here. She just doesn’t want you all to know what she did.”

“St-stop!”

“Oh, come on… don’t say you don’t recognize me.” She smirked at me.

“You…” I blinked, and suddenly I recalled a little girl from a long while ago.

She used to hang out with Kristy about two years ago. Then, she suddenly disappeared. She was cute, and I thought she even had a crush on me, which was why I was a bit bummed when she disappeared. I had heard something about her being caught committing a crime and getting into a ton of trouble, but that was all I had heard about it. That girl and this girl were barely recognizable as the same girl. She had seemed so sweet and innocent, while this girl looked like she was up to no good, so to speak.

“You’re Avery, right?” Kelsey asked, “I remember you! You got expelled from school because you were caught perving on boys.”

“Perving?” I blinked.

“Yeah, she snuck into a public bathroom and tried to take pictures of them. She got caught and was removed from the middle school. I didn’t know that this pervert returned for high school.”

“Heh… calling me a pervert. You know, I spent a year in juvey because of that.”

“You deserved it! You were being a creep.”

“Oh?” She made an ugly face. “Then what does your sister deserve?”

“Avery, please, stop!” Kristy begged.

“What is that supposed to mean?” Kelsey demanded, not seeming to read the mood.

I sighed and shook my head. “Kristy, you were there?”

Kristy had freaked out when I went into the female locker room. She had even been willing to go to any length to keep it secret. I thought it was her fear for herself, but it turned out that she had actual trauma around it. A few years earlier, she had convinced her friend to sneak into the boy’s locker room with her. Somehow, her friend had been caught when she hadn’t, and they ended up punishing her severely. As for Kristy, she got away with it scot-free.

Kristy looked up at me. “I-I’m sorry… I’m… I’m just a no-good pervert!”

Kelsey stared in shock, shaking her head in disbelief. I walked up to the girls. They moved back, giving me room to approach Kristy. Avery had a grin on her face. Perhaps, she was thinking I’d slap my sister or tell her she was gross now. In truth, I just kept thinking how similar she was to her big sister Dawn. Dawn was selling her up-short shots, and was heading down a path that might not go well. Her little sister had the same problem.

I reached out and Kristy cringed from my hand. I dropped it on her head, and then patted it softly.

“Kristy, I already knew you were a pervert.”

“Eh?” Her eyes popped open as I still patted her.

“You’re a giant pervert. I believe you’d peak on boys in a bathroom.”

“Geh!”

“You’re right, that’s absolutely something my perverted sister would do!”

“H-hey!”

“I love you anyway,” I said, finally dropping my hand and grabbing her arm. “You’ll always be my sister, and I’m glad you didn’t get punished for that. It sounded really unfair.”

“It was unfair!” Avery’s pleased expression turned angry. “She still owes me! She ruined my life! Helping me earn a little money is the least she can do!”

“Kelsey, go with Kristy and wait for me a bit,” I said.

“N-Noah?”

I smiled at her. “Don’t worry. I’ll take care of everything. Just trust in your big brother. Just go.”

Kelsey looked uncertain, but she still left. She grabbed Kristy’s hand. Kristy was staring at me, and she tried to stay, but Kelsey dragged her away. They disappeared into the forest, and it was just me, Avery, and the two other girls.

“What do you think you can take care of?” She demanded.

“You want money, right?”

“It’s not about the money! I just want to take something from Kristy like she took from me!”

“If that’s the case, then it makes everything even easier.” I smiled.

“What?” She narrowed her eyes suspiciously.

I reached deep inside me and I pulled out the line that had worked for me so successfully up until now.

“I’ll let you suck my cock.”

She cocked her head. “Eh?”

I reached out, grabbed her hand, and then put it on my crotch. She immediately pulled it back, letting out a cry.

“Wh-what are you doing?”

“You can have my body.” I shrugged, grinning. “You leave Kristy alone, and you can have me.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Avery’s eyes narrowed suspiciously after I had attempted to tempt her with my, err… forbidden fruit. I wasn’t sure if my offer would necessarily work, but I figured I’d offer honey before I offered the stick. Well, I wasn’t comfortable hurting a woman, even if this world was reversed, so the stick would probably just be my penis. That meant that I only really had sex to offer.

The two friends that had come with Avery glanced at each other, and then looked over at her. It was clear that they would follow her lead. I gave a disarming smile, but it only caused Avery to grow more hesitant.

“If you think you can screw with me, you’re mistaken.” She responded.

“I’m just trying to come to an arrangement that benefits everyone.” I shrugged.

“Heh… if you think I’m going to be tempted by a slut like you…”

“You’re not?” I asked, reaching down and slowly unzipping my pants.

All three of their eyes were locked on my pants. They were panting now, and if they were guys, they’d probably have tents in their pants right about now.

I didn’t take my dick out though. Instead, I just looked up at Avery with a questioning look, as if asking if she wanted me to continue. She licked her lips, clearly showing a mental struggle on her face. It was very easy to read.

“You’ll really have sex with us if we leave your sister alone?” She asked, swallowing.

I nodded.

“All three of us?” She continued.

“Yes.”

An evil look appeared in her eyes. “At the same time?”

“You don’t want to take turns?” I asked innocently.

“Dude, we should take turns. I don’t want my cunt anywhere near your cunt.” One of the girls said.

“I don’t want to be smelling some other girl’s furbox when I’m doing it.” The other nodded in agreement.

“And which one of you want to go thirds?” Avery snapped at them. “No, we’ll all do you at once. We’re totally going to mess you up. You’ll be covered in pussy juice and sucked dry, you okay with that?”

She was asking such a ridiculous question with a malicious look in her eyes. It’d be the equivalent of three guys on a girl, telling her they were going to break her with their dicks. However, I wasn’t so used to this reversed world to be even remotely taken aback by such a comment. Quite the opposite, I was going to bang three chicks at once? That was one more than when I banged the twins. I didn’t know when I slept with my sisters that I’d be preparing for a gang bang. Well, it wasn’t my first gang bang anyway.

“F-fine… you, come here… on your knees!” She tried to act touch, pointing down in front of her.

I grinned as she submitted. Well, it was me getting on my knees, but she had already succumbed to the promise of sex. I walked over and got on my knees as she ordered. Then, I looked up at her, a bemused expression on my face. Her cheeks flushed, and then she pointed at her crotch. Her inexperience was clear.

“Suck my pussy!” She ordered.

“Kay…” I responded, just stopping myself from rolling my eyes.

I was quickly finding it was impossible for a girl to demand that I sexually satisfy her and come off as intimidating, at least for me. I reached up and grabbed her pants, unbuttoning and unzipping them before pulling them down to her knees. I had hooked my fingers around her hem and grabbed her underwear, pulling that down as well. Her bare ass was exposed. She let out a cry, looking at the other two girls like she didn’t want them seeing. How did she think I was going to suck her pussy without pulling them down though? It wasn’t like a dick that could just poke out the pants.

I ran my fingers through her furry patch and then spread her open, taking a quick lick with my tongue. She let out a gasp, her body shaking. Her worry over being seen by the others seemed to disappear the instant she was touched down there. Realizing she was showing vulnerability, she tried to put on a tough look again.

“You like the taste of a real woman?” She demanded.

“Mmm…” I answered, driving myself into her crotch to keep from laughing.

My tongue darted into her pussy, and I ended up pushing her back against a tree. With my hands on her abdomen, I sucked on her clitoris. She started to let out moans of delight. One of her hands rested on my head, and the other one began to squeeze her tit as she bit her lips. While my tongue went in circles around her clit, she started to rock her body, thrusting her cunt against my face. She quickly grew wetter and wetter, and her rich feminine scent filled the place. It wasn’t like she had washed up beforehand, so she was very fragrant, but it wasn’t anything I was unused to at this point.

I reached my hands around her hips and grabbed her bare ass. She leaned her head back, letting out a moan as I used my grip on her buttcheeks to press her crotch in my face even more. I could feel her wet cunt pressed against my chin as I continued to lap her pussy with lick after lick. She let go of my hand, unable to smash my face in there anymore and grabbed her other breast. As she moaned, she squeezed them and kneaded them in her hands. Any thought of acting dominant had been blasted away in less than a minute, and now she was a purring kitten taking all the pleasure I was giving her.

My hands stroked her ass, and I lapped her pussy juices up mechanically, my head bopping. When I glanced up, I could see her looking down at me with a lewd expression filled with desire. This wasn’t the face of a tough girl from juvey, but of a girl who had a crush on a guy and was finally getting the attention from him that she always wanted. It was filled with joy and just a hint of disbelief.

“Noah…” She gasped, biting her lips some more as she stifled back moans. “Yes…”

I pulled back and then grabbed her thigh. She lifted it at my slightest encouragement, like a dog who needed to pee. Spreading her legs, I was able to attack her crotch more aggressively. With one of my hands holding up her thigh, and the other grabbing her ass, I slid my tongue in and out of her snatch, enjoying the strong flavor of her moist pussy. She grabbed my hair again, her hips rocking as she tried to hump my face.

“Hey, it’s my turn.”

“What about me?”

The other two girls had been watching Avery writhe in pleasure as I ate her out. She shot the two girls a hateful glare.

“Shut up, I’m almost done.” She panted.

“He really is going to town on her slit.”

“This guy must be a total slut.”

The girls looked up at Avery, then down at me, and then at each other. They nodded at once and both girls fell to their knees. One of the girls slapped my ass. Her hand lingered there and she squeezed it. The other went down for my crotch.

“He’s hard.” She giggled. “Do you like tasting that pussy?”

I nodded, while my face was still in Avery’s crotch which only made her laugh more.

The girl with a hand on my ass lifted my shirt and then started stroking my chest, while the other girl started fumbling with the zipper of my pants. I wanted to help, but my hands were tied, gripping onto Avery. Thus, my body was at the mercy of the other two girls, who after starting to touch me, were growing bolder and bolder.

Once fishing my cock out, the girl started to jack me off with her hand. As she did that, she put her chin on my shoulder, panting hot air into my ear as she struggled to jerk my dick. The other girl started to lick my nipple, while her hands ran up and down my chest and abdomen like it was the most exciting thing she had ever felt.

In the past, during my time with my sisters, I had always been in charge. Even during my gangbang, the girls mostly just did it one at a time and watched while rubbing themselves. With two girls focused on my satisfaction at once while I focused on a third, it was really exciting. I had one girl fucking my face, another licking my nipples, and a third jacking me off. It was a great experience. Despite all of that stimulation, it was Avery who reached her limit first.

Her hands ran through and pulled my hair as she let out moans and screams. Her body shuddered and spasmed as she started to cum.

“Ahhh… yes… yes… ahhhhn…” She moaned and shuddered.

I could feel the contraction of muscles as her pussy twitched and orgasmed in my mouth. When I felt she was finished, I let her put her leg back down, and then pulled away. At this point, I had two girls completely worked up. One was sucking on my neck and giving me a hand job. The other was squeezing my ass and sucking my nipples. With my hands no longer holding up Avery’s ass, I reached down and into the pants of the girl’s at either side of me. They both didn’t hesitate to unzip their pants and help my hands find their way into their underwear.

Soon, I had four fingers in two pussies. With this rare opportunity, I considered trying to feel the differences between the two girls. However, from this angle, not to mention the amount of stimulation they were giving me, all I could do was push my fingers in and out of two wet, gushy holes. This was enough, as both girls were moaning and gasping. The girl who was giving me the handy had even stopped, unable to function as she clung to me.

As Avery recovered from her orgasm, she hadn’t pulled her pants up yet. Instead, she stared at the other two girls who were all over me, a small frown on her face. It was clear that although she had forced this into a foursome, she had wanted me all to herself. It had been an impulsive thing, a desire to get back at my sister and act cruelly. However, she wasn’t the type. She had once had a crush on me, so now seeing other girls touch me, especially after being given probably her first sexual experience, made Avery quite jealous.

While the three of us were continuing to enjoy each other, the other two girls were suddenly pushed away and I was pushed back. I fell and the other two let out cries of alarm. I was pushed down to the ground by Avery. She had discarded her pants and was now on top of me.

“Hey!”

“What’s the big deal!”

My hands had been pulled from their two panties, and they had both lost their hold on me. Meanwhile, Avery was grabbing my cock and lining it up with her pussy.

“I’m going to fuck him. You guys were just being boring.”

“Boring?” One of the girls shot back. “Screw you, I’m fucking him!”

She grabbed Avery, trying to pull her off. What was happening was immediately obscured from my vision, because the other girl, rather than fighting with Avery over my penis, had decided to just sit on my face. My eyesight was suddenly blocked by an incoming pussy. I barely had enough time to take a breath before I was smothered by another fragrant pussy.

I had planned to be in control of this situation like I always was, but I was starting to lose control. These girls weren’t the types to get in line and take turns!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I stuck my tongue out and started to lick and tease the wet pussy that had been shoved into my face. Meanwhile, down below, I felt two girls fighting over my dick. I used the opportunity to reach into the pocket of my pants, which the girls fighting over my dick had tossed somewhere near my head. I pulled out my cellphone and turned on the video. If I used the camera, it would have made a clicking noise, but the video didn’t do anything like that.

To them, it looked like I was just grabbing my pants in ecstasy, but I managed to prop my camera up and point it in their general direction, using my bundled-up pants as support. Presuming I didn’t have the camera facing the wrong way, I was now recording everything. That’s what I liked to call insurance. This wasn’t exactly a new trick of mine, but it was one that was effective. Now that I had that set up without them noticing, it was time for me to have a little bit of fun too.

I reached up and grabbed the girl on top of her legs, shoving my face into her crotch and enthusiastically eating her out. I made pig-like noises as I shook my face and dug deep for truffles. The girl on top started to spasm, letting out orgasmic moans.

While this was happening, Avery had been forced off my dick, and the other girl had grabbed it and was rubbing her pussy against it, trying to get it inside. She lost her grip because the girl sitting on my face, in her throes of sexual gratification, couldn’t take it anymore and had made a grab for my dick as well. She started to lick my balls, not seeming to care that it was covered in the juices of the other two women. I felt several hands wrestling with my dick, and as soon as one girl started pumping away with her hand, another managed to snatch it away. It wasn’t the sexiest feelings in the world, but it kept me from cumming, even as the girl on top of me started to cum all over my face. I could taste spurts of liquid shooting down, running down my chin and cheeks.

The girl on top of me was shoved aside, and I was able to see the outside world again. The sounds that had also been muffled by her thighs became sharper as well.

Avery was sucking on my shaft now while the girl who had been riding my face was still licking the balls. I was getting a blowjob from both ladies. Her ass had been pushed aside by the third girl, who after losing access to my dick, was trying to get whatever part of me she could claim. She didn’t sit on my face like the other girl did though. Instead, she grabbed my hand and shoved it between her crotch. She expected me to just start fingering her because her pussy was there. I mean, I was going to, but it was funny she just expected me to start doing it.

I plunged two fingers into her wet cunt. She was on all fours hugging my arm, which ran down her underbody, through her breasts and thighs, and where my fingers wrapped up and slid into her. As I fingered her, she started to hump my arm, treating the whole thing like her personal sex toy. She had her hands on either side of my head, but she wasn’t even looking at me, concentrated instead on her pleasure as she humped my fingers.

On my other side, the girl who had just been knocked aside was still happily sucking my balls. She was on all fours as well but facing the other direction toward my dick. As it turned out, her naked ass devoid of pants or panties was on full display, and she was right over where I had made my phone record, giving it a full view of her wet, dripping pussy. With my free hand, I reached up and touched her wet cunt, sliding fingers into her too. I started to finger both girls, one on each side, while two girls pleasured my cock.

For a bit of time, wet noises and moaning were the only sounds filling the forest. These three girls were completely lost in the enjoyment of their actions. That’s when the girl riding my arm like a saddle reached down and grabbed my shoulders tightly.

“I’m almost there!” She panted.

I started to quickly move my fingers, tripling the speed as I banged her pussy with my fingers. Her moaning rose several octaves as a wet gushy noise sounded from my fingers. She started to spurt all over the ground, her hips thrusting wildly as she convulsed in an orgasm.

“Ahhn! Yes! Yes! Fuck, yes!” She moaned as she orgasmed.

At this point, all three girls had orgasmed once, however, it was only another minute before the girl on my balls started to climax again too. As I finished off one girl, I freed my hand and grabbed the ass of the other girl. I pulled her over, forcing her to the side. Lifting her leg over me while the other was on the ground, I began to rapidly finger her with my spare hand, her legs in a V with one in the air and one on the ground, facing the camera.

Her leg sticking up in the air began to vibrate like a dog as she orgasmed. She had to pull away from my dick as she orgasmed, letting out hot breaths as she came wildly. As she collapsed, the girl on my other side stood up and stepped over me.

“I want to feel his dick.” The girl cried out, trying to push her wet pussy against my dick.

“No, Me.” Avery shot back, seemingly doing the same from the other side.

Both girls pushed their pussies against my dick, Avery from the bottom and the other girl from the top. They both humped up and down, sending my dick sliding between the slits of both of their pussies. The feeling was amazing, I felt like I’d blow my load any second. The girls seemed to still be fighting over my dick, but now they were battling with their vaginas, each trying to maneuver my dick into their pussy.

As soon as it got close, caught on the edge to popping into one girl’s wet hole, the other would shove her crotch forward, knocking it free. The girls themselves were becoming as excited as I was, and at one point my cock fell out of the pussy pit, and the two girls began to scissor each other a few inches above my dick. They were both in crab walks, their legs intertwined, humping each other wetly.

Their eyes were closed as they focused on their own pleasure, and they didn’t seem to realize my dick wasn’t even there, as they rubbed their wet pieces against each other. The scene was far too exciting for me, so I shoved my dick between their pussies. It slid in easy considering how wet they were. I started to hump up between them, pleasuring both girls at once. Whether they had realized they were fucking each other before, with the added feeling of my cock, they were both falling into bliss.

I had reached my limit as well, and I humped up one last time as my balls exploded. Cum shot up like a fountain. The head of my cock had just enough length to pop out from between their mashed together privates, and as I came with pussy writhing on both sides of my dick, white stuff shot up and then collapsed down on both of their pussies, covering their wet fur mounds in white tinsel. Using my elbows to prop up my body. I finished cumming between the two girls.

The girls barely cared, as they were too busy cumming too. Their pussy’s spasmed orgasmically on either side of my dick, and the two girls finally collapsed. One girl collapsed on my chest, while Avery collapsed on the dirt between my v-spread legs.

“You bastards!” A shout from the woods caught all of us off guard.

The girl who had cum the second-time first and who had ridden my face earlier had been standing up, cleaning herself off while the other two finished. Thus, when Kelsey burst from the woods, it was this girl that received her wrath. She slugged the girl immediately, causing her naked body to stumbled back and trip over me and the other girl on top of me.

Avery jumped to her feet immediately. “What the hell?”

She looked behind Kelsey where her twin sisters Kristy was standing, looking angry and frustrated. When they left me to fix everything, they must have worked up the courage to return, and when they saw me in my current state, Kelsey lost it and started swinging.

“Kelsey, wait!” I tried to stop her, but she moved forward to grab the girl on top of me.

She pulled her off and threw her to the side. This gave Avery time though. She had reached to the side and pulled out a bat that she had hidden before. She lifted it, ready to bring it down on Kelsey. She had her back turned to the other girl, so she wouldn’t have seen anything. Seeing the bat descending on my sister’s head, an explosion of anger erupted through me. As my twin sisters were running forward to help, I was the closest. My hands wrapped around Avery from behind.

“Huh?”

“Don’t… touch my sisters!” I shouted, and then threw my body back.

“Ahhh!” Avery went flying back in a suplex.

It wasn’t just a supplex, it was a naked suplex. Kelsey spun around just in time to see it. I brought Avery over my body and sent her back slamming into the ground. She was bent over, her ass being displayed to everyone, while I was in a bent back position, my penis, still slightly erect, sticking up in the air.

“B-brother…” Kristy gasped.

“He-he… took her down.” Kelsey shivered.

I let go of Avery, who collapsed to the ground, and then stumbled back to my feet. The two naked girls who Kelsey had attacked took one look at each other, and then scattered in opposite directions, abandoning their clothing and wallets and running naked through the forest. They would definitely have some explaining to do where ever they ran off to.

“Brother, I’m so sorry I abandoned you!” Seeing the threat was gone, Kelsey suddenly ran up and hugged me.

“To think, they would end up making you pay like that!” Kristy also threw her arms around me.

I was naked, but now I was being hugged by two crying girls.

I held them in my arms and sighed. “You should have just left me to handle it.”

“How could we call you our big brother and do that? I’m so sorry!” Kelsey declared.

“It’s my fault!” Kristy added. “If I was a stronger sister, Brother would have never been forced into such a situation.”

“Do you think this is over?” Avery snarled, recovering from the attack and getting to her feet. “You think just because you bully me, I’ll step down? I’ll destroy you all! I’ll tell everyone that Noah’s a slut. I’ll reveal all the secrets I have about Kristy. I’ll ruin all of you.”

Kelsey took a step forward, but I stopped her with an arm before leaning over and grabbing my pants and cellphone. I slid my pants back on and then I walked up to Avery. She had a sneer on her face, and she was still checking out my chest lewdly even though I covered my lower half. It was at a level that I wanted to tell her that her eyes should be up here.

I lifted my phone, hitting play. It was a random part, but to my luck, it was when she and the other girl were scissoring each other. I wasn’t even in the shot. My camera had been aimed too high, and all you could see was the very tip of my penis. However, Avery’s face was very clear on the camera, as was her lust as she rubbed her pussy against another girl. As she saw the image, her face turned white.

“I could spread through the entire school how you like to fuck girls. I could also get you for assault by trying to attack my sister. That’s if I don’t just claim you raped me. I don’t care to do any of it.”  I put my phone away as quickly as I brought it out. “Stay the fuck away from me and my sisters.”

Her eyes narrowed. “You think you’re better than me? I’ve seen you naked. I’ve had you for myself! I’ve tasted your body. You’re my bit-”

Slap!

I slapped her across the face. “I didn’t mind playing with you. However, the second you went after my sisters, you lost.”

“You-” She raised her hand like she was going to strike back, causing Kelsey to lunge forward.

However, before she could do anything, I grabbed her hair and pulled it back while knocking her leg out, forcing her down to her knees. I leaned over her as she let out a cry of pain. I brought my lips up to her ears and spoke in a low tone.

“If you ever go after my sisters again, I will end you.” I threw her naked ass to the ground and then turned to my sisters, who were all looking at me strangely. “What?”

“Brother is really scary…” Kristy responded.

“He loves us maybe too much?” Kelsey added. “I guess we’ll just have to accept our crazy, obsessive brother’s love.”

“We’ll have to emotionally and sexually keep brother satisfied, or he may lose it.”

“You two are fine ones to talk!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the pair of us left Avery and returned to the school grounds, I made sure to chastise Kelsey properly for hiding such things from us.

“I’m sorry…” She cried.

“Jeese, you’re a girl. Girls don’t cry.” Kristy looked away awkwardly.

“A crying Kelsey is kind of cute though?” I offered to try to cheer them up.

“Pervert.” Kelsey looked at me and responded.

“Brother is a pervert.” Kristy agreed.

“Eh? I was just trying to make you feel better!”

“Brother is looking at me with such lewd eyes.”

“He clearly is a deviant who wants to bang his little sisters.”

My face turned white as the girls gave me gross looks. They reminded me of how my sisters used to be before the switch. Back, then, they had thought of me as a creep and looked at me with disgusted eyes that held more hate than love. It was an unexpected reality check, and I realized at that moment that there was some lingering trauma from my time in the past with them. Without realizing it, tears began to drip down my cheeks.

“Wh-what did you do?” Kelsey suddenly yelled, turning to Kristy.

“Eh? Me? You made him cry!” Kristy shot back.

Both girls suddenly ran up to me, each grabbing one of my arms. The suddenness of their concern and worry left me feeling a bit stunned.

“I’m so sorry, brother, I didn’t mean to make you cry!” Kelsey looked up at me desperately.

“We’ll do whatever brother wants. Anything. Please don’t cry.”

“We love you, brother! We’re the perverted ones. Please, spank your perverted sisters.” Kelsey reassured me.

“Telling brother to spank us, now you sound like the pervert!”

“I-I meant as punishment.”

“But you probably want it. Kristy scoffed. “You’re perving on big brother even while he cries. Is that what turns you on, a crying man?”

“Why has this conversation suddenly made me the creep?”

I chuckled lightly as the girls looked like they were about to come to blows. I wrapped my arms around both their necks and then pulled them to me. Both girls turned pink.

“Ah… we’re near the school now.” Kelsey fidgeted.

“People will see…” Kristy added.

“Let them see…” I laughed, pulling Kelsey to me and kissing her cheek, and then doing the same to Kristy.

This was too much for them, as their pink shade turned a bright red, and for a second I thought they might pass out. At that moment, there was a honking horn.

“There you guys are!” Mom called from the car.

The girls cried out, breaking away from me and fleeing into the car. Mackenzie was already in there. I blushed slightly this time. I hadn’t expected to be caught in the middle of flirting with my sisters. However, mom was smiling, seemingly oblivious to it. Rather, she seemed to think it was nice we were getting along. Mackenzie, on the other hand, seemed to be ignoring me, looking the other way. As I got into the car and we left the high school, I began to fall into thought.

I remembered once again that earlier that day, Mackenzie has been asked out on a date. I had ended up agreeing to go on a double date with Abigail. I had nearly forgotten about that after all the excitement regarding Kristy. I didn’t know what was going on with Mackenzie, but she seemed distant. We drove home, and then I made dinner. The twins seemed to have returned to normal, but Mackenzie was still looking off, barely talking to anyone.

That night, I thought about going to her room a few times. It was right next to mine. It would be easy to go. However, in the end, I just didn’t have the guts. Instead, I ended up in Dawn’s room, playing video games. Dawn lay on the bed with pair of loose shorts and no underwear. I knew she wasn’t wearing underwear because of how she was lying on the bed, I could see the hair above her crotch. She also had a loose, sleeveless shirt where I could see her tits as well. I ignored it at first, but after an hour of playing, my eyes were more on Dawn than the game.

I reached out and touched her pussy. She turned to me curiously.

“What?”

If I touched a girl’s pussy before, she would scream and slap me. Now, I reached out and touched my sister’s pussy, and she was curious. Her curiosity was quickly answered as she looked down and saw the tent in my pants. A slight grin appeared on her face.

“You horny, little brother?”

I didn’t say anything, but I nodded silently.

“Okay, I’ll suck your cock for you, okay?”

“Kay.”

That was all it took at this point between me and Dawn. She pulled down my pants and sucked me off. Her head bobbed up and down, and I watched my adorable yet frumpy sister give her hardest. When she finished, swallowing it all, we lay next to each other in her bed, the video game being left on pause.

“Y-you can take pictures if you want,” I said after a while of silence.

“Hmm? Pictures?”

“Y-yeah… you can take pictures of me,” I responded, not meeting her eyes.

She sat up, glancing over at me. She stared at me for a few moments, and then stood up and grabbed her camera.

“Okay. Pose.”

“Ah! N-now… um, like this?” I asked, lying out.

“No, how about like this.”

She posed me, and then took a picture, then posed me again. As she worked, her expression turned serious. She ended up bringing out several lights she had in her closet, hung up a sheet, and then started having me doing various poses. Some of them had me in clothing, while others had me naked. The entire concept felt odd to me, but I kept going. Strangely, there was nothing sexual about her actions. She wasn’t drooling like a perv. Rather, she seemed extremely focused.

Other than an occasional word or two to get me to adjust, the room was somewhat quiet. There were rhythmic clicks every few seconds as she took picture after picture. An hour later, she lowered her camera, looking into the viewfinder quietly.

“Noah… what’s wrong?”

I was lying on a sheet with my head on my elbows, wearing only my boxers. “Huh? N-nothing.”

“It’s Mackenzie, right?” She smirked slightly.

I jumped up. “M-Mackenzie? Who mentioned Mackenzie?”

She chuckled softly, stretching slightly with the camera still in her hand before reaching up and flicking the bright lights off.

“I heard about your dual date. It’s kind of the talk of the school.” She chuckled.

My face turned red. “That… it isn’t… I mean…”

I didn’t know what to say. I had come in here exactly to keep my mind off of that. My mind was wandering too much playing games, but something about the modeling just made it easy to ignore my brain.

Dawn put her camera down on the desk and then flopped onto the bed. “Mom has been pushing me a lot to do the SATs.”

“That’s right, you were trying to get into a nice college, right?” I answered, trying to follow her thought process.

I recalled Dawn from my other world. In that world, she didn’t have a peeping website and make a side career out of taking pictures of her brother half-naked. Instead, she was a quiet, nerdy girl obsessed with her grades. In some ways, she was the most different after the switch, nothing like the girl I remembered.

“I want to become a photographer instead.” She announced, turning to me.

I bit my lip. “I kind of already guessed, from before.”

“No, I mean… real photography. I want to shoot models.” As she said this, she made square gestures in the air. “However, mom doesn’t understand.”

“College and career.” I nodded. “Mom only really gets a 9-5 job.”

As much as I loved my mother, she didn’t see anything outside of the 9-5. That was how things were supposed to be.

“There is a photography school, but it costs a lot of money. Like, way more money than mom will ever be able to make. Way more than a normal college too. Plus, I don’t have much of a photography portfolio. I’ve tried for a few scholarships but nothing came of them…”

“That’s why you got into the upshorts!”

She nodded slowly. “Before, when Brother came promising to be my model, all I saw was a chance to earn the money I needed so I could do what I wanted, whether mother supported me or not. However, when it got to that point, I started to feel regret. I didn’t want to sell out my little brother just for my own dreams. That’s why I backed out of the agreement with Abigail. Well, that, and I had a bad feeling about her after seeing her look at you.”

“Ah… she’s not so bad.” I coughed awkwardly.

“Still, I didn’t like the person I was becoming. I’ve been a bit lost lately. However, it took until now for me to finally realize what I want.”

“You want to be a photographer,” I responded.

She nodded. And then held out the camera she had been using. She clicked two buttons and then turned the screen so that I could see the image on the preview. It was one of my images, but there was a box over it. It said, ‘Delete All’. She went to click the button, but I reached out and stopped her thumb from hitting the okay button.

“You’d really destroy all of those images for me?” I asked.

She smiled sadly. “You’re my little brother. I’d do anything for you.”

“Then… I want you to become a world-class photographer.” I declared.

She blinked and then chuckled. “I will.”

“Also, send me the images.”

She blinked. “You want them?”

“Mm. Just call it a vanity.”

“O-okay… but don’t send them to any girls who ask for them. You know girls are always asking for dick pictures, but they really just want to schlick off over them, and they will probably put them on the internet.”

“Wait! You got pictures of my dick?” I cried out. “You said they were all going to be classy.”

She stuck out her tongue. “My finger might have slipped once or twice.”

“On second thought, we’ll destroy them all!” I jumped at her, but she held the camera out of the way.

The both of us fell to the bed, giggling in each other’s arms. After lying there for a bit longer, Dawn looked at me again with a smirk.

“What?” I asked.

“I just figured out what you can do about Mackenzie.”

“Do? What do you mean?”

“On the double date.” She smirked. “I just thought of a way for you to tell her how you feel, and to make her recognize her mistake in thinking she can play around with other guys.”

“Wh-who said that’s what I want?” I turned red.

“Hehe… do you think I don’t know what’s in little brother’s brain? I know you’re obsessed with all of your sisters. It wasn’t much of a leap to realize you have desires toward Mackenzie too. It’s clear that she’s into you.”

My smile faltered a bit. “I thought that was the case, but then she went out with another guy.”

“Exactly… that’s why you need to show her what she wants,” Dawn smirked. “Just like you showed me with photography!”

“I don’t know…”

“Oh, will you stop being so difficult?” She grabbed my head and then started whispering in my ear.

As she explained her plan, the uncertain look on my face melted away, and my eyes started to widen. Soon, I was nodding. My opinion on things started to flip in just a few minutes. Instead of dreading this upcoming date, I was starting to look forward to it!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“What are you doing here?”

“I’m here to pick up Noah for our date?”

“Hmm… I don’t recall such a thing.”

“Wh-what? But… I’m supposed to…”

“Sorry, get lost.”

“Mom, stop.” I sighed, walking into the family room where mom was at the front door.

My mother had her arms crossed and was eyeing Abigail who was standing in the entrance with a confused look. She was wearing a pretty dress. She had done up her hair and even put on makeup.”

Mom turned to me and chuckled. “I’m just messing with the girl. She gets it.”

Mom suddenly slugged Abigail in the boob. Abigail looked slightly pained, but she gave me a helpless smile as she noticed me there.

“Um… you look amazing,” Abigail said, her cheeks turning red.

Why was she acting so awkward? Everyone was acting strange today. Bethany was peaking out of her room, her brow furrowed unhappily. The twins were also both sneaking a look. The only person that seemed to be completely fine with my date was Mackenzie, and she was the one I had been aiming to make uncomfortable.

“That’s my son right there!” Mom turned to Abigail and scowled at her. “Don’t be trying to get in his pants.”

The watching Kelsey made a choking sound as she fought back a laugh. Abigail’s face turned red. I was about to say something like ‘too late’, but I was pretty sure that was the wrong thing to say.

“Mom!” I glared at her.

“Sweetie… I’m just looking after you.” Mom put on a pitiful look like I was wronging her by glaring at her. “I was once a young girl too. They all only want one thing from men.”

“I-I assure you… I… um… have only good intentions for your son!” Abigail responded tightly in a strangled voice.

This was the same Abigail who had wanted to record us having sex, had tried to blackmail me, and also had bought a bunch of inappropriate clothing for me to try on. Yet, you wouldn’t believe any of that seeing her act so flustered here. I didn’t understand it.

“Uh-huh, I’ll believe it when I see it.” She declared. “You just make sure he’s back at eleven.”

“Mom! Mackenzie is going to be with us. Nothing is going to happen.” Well, I didn’t know if that was true, but in theory, it should have been enough to calm mom.

She rolled her eyes. “That might be true, but this is the first real date my precious little Noah has been on. How can I allow you to leave without at least checking her out and keeping you safe? My baby boy is just growing up so fast.”

“Are you tearing up?”

“Dust in my eye. Now, stand over there and I’ll take a picture.”

“This isn’t prom.”

“Prom is coming up soon though. This can be considered practice.”

Before mom could forcefully shove Abigail and me together and take our pictures like this was some kind of important event rather than just another weekend night, the doorbell rang again. I was fuming inside though. She was acting as if I had never been out with a girl before. It was making me feel like a loser. Wait… had I? before the switch, I had never been on a date. I had snuck away and snuck out to meet girls. I had gone studying at Samantha’s house, left once with Abigail, and took off with Anna, but had I ever actually flat out been on a standard date? I couldn’t remember one.

Mom had opened the door, and she greeted a boy in a voice completely different than how she had talked to Abigail. “Well, aren’t you a handsome man? Come on in, come in.”

At this point, Mackenzie walked into the family room from the kitchen. The boy who walked in was her date and my enemy, a boy I only knew by the name George. Seeing him was enough to put my hackles up. Of course, I had tried to put some feelers out to find any dirt on him, but all of my friends were girls, and I was shunned by just about every male social group. At this point, I had a bit of a reputation as a slut, and apparently, that was a death sentence. Even the guys I had considered myself on good terms with before the switch wouldn’t take a second look at me.

I was never popular, and I was always a bit of a loner, so it didn’t hurt my feelings too much. Besides, I wasn’t into hanging out with guys who were acting like girls. I knew in the grand scheme of things, it didn’t make them different people, but the nuances were enough that I always felt just a bit more comfortable being around the girls. Men just seemed… well… catty.

Mackenzie barely looked in my direction, and she didn’t look in Abigail’s direction. Abigail was the girl she had deliberately warned me to stay away from, so it wasn’t surprising how the pair reacted around each other. Abigail was a bit timid, kind of like a rabbit. It was clear that she was still afraid of Mackenzie. Mackenzie had once beat Abigail up. According to her, Abigail was stalking someone. Admittedly, I now know the kind of girl Abigail was, a borderline pervert who fantasized and also stalked the one she loved… actually, now that I thought about it, Mackenzie’s worries were completely justified!

However, I liked the perverted Abigail who was just a bit obsessed with me. It was kind of hot knowing she was fantasizing about me and wanted to see me in lewd positions and such. Since the change, I had begun to understand women’s feelings regarding a lot of things, but one thing I didn’t think I could ever see eye to eye on with women was perverts. A girl who thought about sex and wanted to try dirty sex things was hot, not gross. Well, at least as long as she was cute, which Abigail was. Maybe if she was five hundred pounds, was hairy, and smelled like a goat, my feelings would be different.

Either way, Abigail was worried, and Mackenzie just had a permanent frown plastered to her face with her arms crossed, looking not unlike mom did when she answered the door for Abigail. When she looked at George, her expression softly slightly, which made me feel even more annoyed.

“Are we ready to go?” She asked, sounding like she didn’t even care that we were going on this double date.

“Ah… but Noah isn’t ready yet?” George looked at me.

“Huh?” I glanced at George who had suddenly glanced at me. “I’m ready?”

George looked me up and down and made a face that made me want to punch him. “You’re not going like that, are you?”

“What’s wrong with this?” I frowned.

I took a bath, combed my hair, and even wore a button-up shirt. Abigail even said I look amazing. What was with that look?

“Oh, you poor boy.” George sighed, smiling with a look that also made me want to punch him. “This must be the consequences of growing up in a family of girls. Didn’t your father show you how to do these things?”

Mom visibly tightened at the mention of dad, and I had a flash recalling the last time I had seen him while he was sneaking through our home.

I tried to put on an expression that hid my irritation. “Dad took off a while ago.”

I left it at that. Abigail glanced at me, but no one else noticed her look. She had been there when my father had returned. She likely had questions, but she was smart enough not to say anything.

George rolled his eyes, smiling in a way… you know, let’s just assume every expression on George’s dumb face makes me want to punch him. His face is just a long string of irritating looks. Worse, he reached out and wrapped an arm around me. I felt that given the atmosphere if I shook him off I’d be perceived as being rude, but the smile on my face was straining.

“Come on, I’ll take you set up.”

Mackenzie frowned. “If we don’t go now, we might miss the reservation.”

“You made a reservation?” Abigail blinked.

Mackenzie shot her a look for the first time and she turned white and glanced away.

“Sweetie, this is a boy thing. You should be expected to wait on us boys. Duh!” George giggled, grabbing my arm and pulling me away and into the bathroom.

When George reached the bathroom, he froze, his mouth falling open.

“Oh, wow… no wonder you can’t take care of yourself.”

The bathroom was a disaster zone. I had to give him that. The counter was filled with cosmetics and supplies of six different women. Even before the switch, it hadn’t been a clean place. Now that the women stopped caring, there wasn’t a day that the sink and tub weren’t clogged by their hair. Pulling a clump out before I used any running water was becoming a daily routine. In fact, on most nights, I’d just go to the kitchen to wash up.

“I have a vanity in my room.” I coughed.

“Good!” George let out a breath of relief, grabbing my hand and then pulling me over to my room.

It wasn’t hard to find, because my name was on the door. Neither the vanity nor the name plaque was mine. Rather, I should say they were the Noah before the switch that had set those things up. The vanity had sat unused ever since, but it did have various beauty products in it as well as a mirror. I didn’t know what to do with most of those products, so I ignored them. I had a feeling even if I knew about female beauty products, the beauty products for men differed.

As I said, the beauty standard for men and women hadn’t changed. Women still kept long hair which they did up. They still wore dresses, and they still wore makeup. They just weren’t as careful about it as they had once been. Meanwhile, men were just more concerned about keeping nice. Their nails were always clean and well-trimmed, their clothing was usually nice, and men wore makeup more frequently. This wasn’t the colorful makeup women wore, but more the stuff a movie star would wear, in a pal imitation every guy tried to look like a Brad Pit.

I allowed George to lead me to the chair and sit me down. He started going through my stuff in the vanity. I didn’t care about any of it, so I didn’t care he was touching it. I felt irritated, but I didn’t stop him as he started picking out things and then using them on me. I worried that he might be trying to make me look like a fool, but then I was thinking that if he did try to embarrass me that way, wouldn’t that just backfire on him.

I only paid attention to some of the stuff he said about cuticles and maintaining a hairstyle. It was a bunch of nonsense. However, while he was doing my nails, which included a clear coat, he smiled at me.

“I never had a little brother. This is kind of nice.” He grinned, and when I didn’t respond he leaned closer. “I’d like it if you started to see me as your brother.”

I fought the urge to gag. This guy was seriously too much.

“Okay.” I gave a noncommittal agreement.

His smile slipped slightly and he pulled back for a moment as he continued to do my cuticles. “You don’t like me very much, do you? You think I’m stealing your big sister away from you.”

“That…” I was caught off guard by his sudden change of conversation.

“When I set my eyes on Mackenzie, I heard you could be a bit obsessed with your sisters. They say you won’t let any guy date them.” His eyes turned intense for a moment. “I’m going to be dating her. You won’t be getting rid of me that easily. So, it’s best if we get along.”

“Ow!” I hissed as he pinched me with one of the tweezers a bit hard as he yanked off a piece of dead skin.

“Oops.” He responded, but his eyes were locked on mine.

Knock. Knock.

“Are you coming?” Mackenzie shouted into the room.

“We’ll be right there!” George shouted without looking away from me and then leaned forward. “Just think about it. You don’t want to hurt Mackenzie, do you?”

He put the tweezers down, stood up, and then walked to the door opening it to an impatiently waiting Mackenzie. I let my other hand relax from the fist I had been making. If he wanted to do things this way, it’d only make it easier when I destroyed him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“A bowling alley? That’s where you’re taking us?” George asked with a slightly grossed out look before glancing at me for support.

“I like bowling.” I declared.

There was no way that I was going to offer George any support on this. Besides, I really did enjoy bowling.

I hadn’t known where we were going on this date. Abigail ended up driving me and we followed Mackenzie, who was driving mom’s car. She had initially planned to put me in her car, but she made it clear she wasn’t going to drive Abigail, and I wasn’t going to sit in the car with George, so I ended up taking Abigail’s car. This seemed to annoy Mackenzie, so that was all the more reason to do it.

We finally ended up pulling into a bowling alley parking lot and parking next to them. After getting out of the car, it was clear that George wasn’t particularly okay with this development. It couldn’t be helped, really. Mackenzie hadn’t dated very often and she lived in a household of girls. In a world that was reversed, it meant she only knew how to treat boys from me. Since I recalled having to go to girly movies and do girly things whenever we went out as a family as I was always outvoted, then I believed my counterpart would have experienced the inverse of that. Abigail wouldn’t be any better. After all, she was a loser girl who stalked boys.

Actually, thinking like that, I was starting to feel bad for dumping on my girlfriend and my sister. I actually liked those parts about them. Then again, I wasn’t the typical guy in this world. It was just something I had up on George. I could relate to them and enjoy the same things that they enjoy. Wasn’t that perfect?

George gave a helpless look as I played dumb and the two girls gave confused looks. Unable to come up with a reason that this wasn’t the date of his dreams, the group of us continued on into the building and rented our shoes.  The girl who was giving out the shoes was an older woman who was a bit fat. However, when she handed me the shoes, she touched the back of my hand and then winked at me. I was at least a third her age! She was actually hitting on me?

Even more hilarious was that Abigail grabbed my arm, shot a defensive look, and then pulled me away. Mackenzie, who was also in line, proceeded to shoot her an ugly look too until she showed just a bit of shame. It was honestly really nothing. I wasn’t bothered or anything. It just caught be off guard, but they were acting so serious about it.

“It’s fine.” I responded weakly to myself.

Abigail must have heard, because she turned to me with a serious expression.

“It’s not fine.” She declared. “You don’t know what that disgusting creep would do to you if she had the chance.”

Feeling a bit helpless, and also amused, I leaned closer to her, “Hmm? What would she do to me?”

Abigail stiffened, not expecting such a question. “That… I mean… is it not obvious.”

I chuckled, putting my hand on her shoulder. “I’m just joking. I don’t think you need to worry about me so much.”

As I was whispering such a thing in her ear, her face turned red. This was just in time for Mackenzie and George to arrive with their shoes. Mackenzie had no expression on her face, but her movements were slightly stiff. George tried to be all smiles, but I could tell he was getting annoyed that his date seemed caught up on me.

“We should probably put the bumpers up for the boys.” Mackenzie spoke up to break us apart.

“I’m sorry, what?” I blinked.

“I mean, it’s just so the game is more fair.” Mackenzie continued.

“Are you suggesting that because I’m a boy, I can’t bowl?” I demanded.

Mackenzie blinked at the heat in my voice. “It’s just, last time we went bowling… you needed them. The twins were upset because they were trying to compete.”

“I’ll have you know, I’m great at handling balls.”

Yes, I heard that as soon as it came out of my mouth. It slightly annoyed me both girls looked at my crotch as soon as I said it, while George put his hand over his mouth and chuckled in an extremely obnoxious way. I glared at both of them.

“It’s fine… we don’t have to put them up.” Abigail declared.

“Ah… but I… ah… nevermind.” With me already voicing my opinion, George had no place to speak.

The game started shortly after, and Mackenzie ended up rolling and picking up a split. Then George went, and he only got one pin on the first try and two pins on the second. I had to admit, I was pretty amused by that. The third person up turned out to be me. I picked out my ball and then with the strength that only a man could have… it ended up in the gutter.

“Pfft!” George looked away, covering his mouth.

Mackenzie gave an “I told you so!” look that made me want to punish her even more. As for Abigail, she gave me an encouraging smile. I could bowl! I mean, I wasn’t good at it, but I could do better than gutters! This time, I would show them! Another gutter ball!

“I’m just rusty!” I declared.

“Don’t worry, I’m a bit rusty too!” Abigail waved defensively.

I didn’t even look George’s way. I wasn’t awful at bowling! I was just putting too much pressure on myself. I definitely could get a 7 or 9 most of the time and even pick them up occasionally. I swear! Abigail gave me one more sympathetic look, and then she went up. On her first roll, she ended up with a strike. Of course that damned geek would be good at bowling. It totally fit in with her character.

As she returned to her seat next to me, she noticed me fuming and gave a questioning look. I shook my head and gave her the cold shoulder. If she couldn’t figure out why I was mad, I wasn’t going to tell her. Wait… something about this situation felt off!

Mackenzie went again, only getting a 9 and no pick up. George hit it right down the middle and ended up with a 7-10 split. Then, it was my turn. I got up to bowl, and as I stood on the line, I suddenly felt to arms wrap around me.

“I can help you.” Abigail said.

I was just about to tell her to shove off, but then I noticed Mackenzie watching out of the corner of my eye. I wasn’t trying to be vindictive, but since Abigail was going to help, I wasn’t going to throw away the opportunity. I tried to act shy, probably screwing it up.

“I-if you want.” I responded.

How do girls from my world blush on demand? I didn’t have that ability. Instead, I just overexaggerated some movements. I was over doing it! I just let Abigail guide me. It was kind of silly, since she was shorter than I was. In the real world, a man was taller, so he could wrap his arms around a woman and help guide her movements with his longer arms that had the space. That wasn’t the case at all, but I guessed this was normal for this world.

She guided me down the lane, and since I didn’t want to accidentally hit her with a bowling ball, I ended up throwing it far slower than normal. As a result, it ended up going down perfectly, and hitting 9 pins. I let out a shout.

“See, I can do it!” I spun around, only to find my lips a few inches from Abigail.

This was a good point to stick it to Mackenzie. However, when I glanced up, Mackenzie wasn’t paying attention at all. She was looking at the score sheet. I made a vexed noise. Abigail who was leaning toward me backed up and turned her head. A wry expression appeared on her face.

“You’re still just trying to make her jealous, huh?”

Abigail’s voice sounded somewhat sad, and I felt a sudden jolt. Trying to see things from the other side, I really was being like all of those bitches who just used men. The longer I lived in this world, the more I felt pressured to act within this world’s gender norms. I could see myself changing in sometimes subtle ways. I don’t think I’d ever get to the point where I didn’t love pussy and women, but I definitely didn’t want to be one of this world’s equivalent of a frigid bitch. I might be a lot of things, but I could at least reciprocate a woman’s desires.”

As she tried to turn away, I squeezed her butt and then bit her ear. She stiffened at that, and when she turned around, her hand just happened to brush my crotch, palm first, and squeeze slightly. That was the pervert I knew. Hopefully, no one else noticed. Mackenzie had seen the end of that, but I hadn’t done it to upset her that time, so seeing her with her brow furrowed actually made me feel slightly annoyed. She continued to stare at me though.

“What?”

“You get another role?” She frowned.

I turned red. I knew that! I was a bowling master! Who said I wasn’t? I turned and grabbed the ball, but I wasn’t able to pick it up and Abigail didn’t try to help me again, still trying to calm down from my ear nibble. As I returned back to my seat, my eyes moved to the bar. Dawn and I had made a plan. It wasn’t intended to hurt anyone, but it would help Mackenzie realize her feelings for me, and also get George to abandon her. I looked at my watch, and it seemed to be about time.

“Hey, Abby…” I spoke in an ingratiating voice.

“Hmm?” Abby asked as she picked up the ball to bowl.

“Can you go out to the car? I left my phone in your car.” I responded sheepishly.

I had left it their purposefully. The reason for this was that I hadn’t told Abby my plan, and if she was present, it would ruin everything.

“Um… yeah, sure. I’ll go get it.” She put the ball back and then walked past me.

“She could have at least gone first.” Mackenzie muttered to herself.

I smiled slightly to myself. This was fine too. I waited until Abby was out of sight and then turned to George. This was actually the most difficult part of the plan. Acting spoiled toward a girl was a skill I was only recently picking up on, but some things went against my very nature.

“I… need to use the restroom.” I declared.

“Huh? Then go.” Mackenzie replied irritably.

I shot George a look. Come on! This was a thing girls did. Girls went to the bathroom together. Don’t tell me out of all the things that flipped, this was the one thing that guys of this world didn’t share with girls from before. George finally gave a cough.

“Ah… I’ll go too.” He responded politely.

I let out a breath. If he had refused, then that would have made things difficult. Everything depended on both of us going to the bathroom at the same time. My plan was rather simple. The bathrooms here were actually in the back, behind the bowling alley’s bar. That was a separate area closed out of sight from this area. Furthermore, I knew that there was only one employee working, that woman who manned the front, and she normally wasn’t in the bar area unless someone asked.

Dawn had gotten a few actresses she knew to sneak back into the bar area. When we tried to go to the bathroom, they’d corner us typical maiden in distress style. We’d call out for Mackenzie to help us, and then the girls would grab us and split us up. The bar actually had two exits, one bringing people to one side of the building, and one to the other. They’d drag George one direction, and me the other direction. Then, Mackenzie would have to make a choice. Would she save her little brother, or this boy she’s dating. George would see the obvious choice and no longer be confident in Mackenzie, and Mackenzie would realize her feelings for me.

The pair of us began heading back, and as we did, I saw a group of girls get up and start to approach us. Everything was working great. It was just too bad that I didn’t realize at that moment my phone had a dozen frantic messages from my sister Dawn informing me that her friends had fallen through.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Hey, boys, how are you doing?” One of the girls asked with a smirk on her face.

“We’re just fine,” George responded stiffly, grabbing my hand and trying to pull me around them.

The girls quickly ended up surrounding us. One girl ended up getting directly in front of George, putting up her hand.

“Woah, woah… where are you going so fast?” She asked with a smirk.

“None of your business!” George responded haughtily.

I couldn’t help but smile, but I quickly tried to hide it behind George. The girl seemed to notice and thus became interested in me.

“Well, hello, cutie. How old are you?”

“He’s seventeen!” George declared defensively.

“Uh, oh… we have a budding young boy here.” One of the girls giggled.

“You know, boys develop slower, so he’s probably closer to fifteen if you think about it.” Another laughed.

“Stay behind me!” George hissed as he positioned himself first.

I was a bit surprised that George was being defensive of me. I thought that he’d just try to abandon me. I was a little worried because the plan was for us to get split up. However, he had a grip on my hand and wasn’t moving away. Was there a comradery among men, especially when they were being targeted by horny women?

One of the girls reached out and tried to stroke a finger across George’s chest. He stepped back, pushing me back with him.

“Oh, don’t be like that. You’re so cold, but I bet you warm up real nice once you’ve had a tight pussy.”

George’s face turned red with anger. I still found the situation somewhat funny, but I was also feeling like something was off. Most of these women were supposed to be friends of Dawn’s audio-visual club. However, their acting was a bit too good, and while they were getting touchy, they weren’t trying to pull us apart like the plan. They also looked a bit older. She might know a few older people, but these people smelled of alcohol and failure.

“Um… I think we should go…”

I pulled George’s sleeve, doubting the plan that I had started up.

“I think it’s better if you stayed!” A girl grabbed for me.

George grabbed me and pulled me away before she could get her arms around me. He then shoved me hard toward one of the exits.

“Go!” He let out a yell as three girls jumped on him.

I stumbled away, still uncertain what to do. Should I fight them? I didn’t want to start hitting girls, and they were all older than me, but I also didn’t feel right running. The three were fighting with George. He bit one of them, but they were overpowering him, forcing him into the girl’s bathroom. Seeing him being dragged away, finally got me to start taking the situation seriously. I turned and ran to the exit. I could run around the building and flag others for help.

Two of the girls had ended up chasing me. I guess they considered me the easier one to handle since I didn’t act as aggressive as George and he protected me. As I shoved open the door, one of them slammed into me and I found myself stumbling to the ground. One of the girls slammed the door shut and then they both turned to me, looking down with vicious looks.

This was a loading area in the back of the alley that says slowly lower down than the parking lot. Thus, there was a 3-foot tall concrete rise, a stairway, and a railing that kept the area somewhat private from any eyes, not that there was anyone behind the bowling alley at the moment anyway. I was sitting on the concrete in the middle of this alcove.

I looked back up at them. “What do you want?”

“Hehe… don’t worry, cutie. If you satisfy us, we’ll let you go.” The first girl responded.

The second girl lifted her skirt and then pushed aside her underwear, showing me her pussy. It was hairy and not kempt at all.

“Eat my pussy nice and good like the little slut you are.” She grinned.

“Okay.” I sighed, getting up on my knees.

She blinked, her smiling flickering slightly. “Y-yeah!”

As I stared at her innocently, she walked up to me with her skirt still up but moving hesitantly like I might bite. I rolled my eyes, and as soon as she got close enough, I reached out and slid two fingers in her. She was already wet, but that was nearly a standard in this world where women were always horny. She let out a gasp as I started to finger her, while at the same time drawing her crotch closer to me.

“Ah, damn… he’s really doing it!” She moaned excitedly in disbelief.

What did they think was going to happen? They dragged me into a hidden area behind the bowling alley, and then two on one demanded sexual gratification. Wouldn’t it be weirder if I shamelessly resisted? Once she was close enough, I started using my tongue. After a few moments, I spit and made a face.

“You could clean up a bit…” I responded.

The girl who was just watching burst out laughing. The other girl frowned.

“That’s the taste of a real woman, punk!” She grabbed my head and shoved it back into her crotch so hard my nose pressed against her hairy snatch. “Eat that shit. You’ll learn to love it.”

I did as she asked, not thinking too much about the intense odor. It wasn’t necessarily disgusting. However, most teenage girls were very concerned about hygiene and thus kept pretty clean. They’d even wash up if they suspected a boy would be down there and tried to make it an enjoyable experience. This woman tasted like she had walked around in those undies all day. It was the pure, rank smell and taste of a woman, so I quickly forced myself to get used to it.

After a minute of eating her out, I barely even noticed it. She was making moaning noises now, her hands running through my hair and her hips rocking slightly to the feel of my tongue sliding in and out of her.

“Look at this guy go to town. You sure he’s seventeen?”

“Shit, that’s right, jailbait… but fuck does he know how to use that tongue.”

“It’s legal at seventeen here.”

“Seriously? Damn…”

The two girls had a pretty relaxed conversation even though they were forcing a young boy to give them cunnilingus behind a bowling alley.

“Check it out,” the one not getting eaten declared. “He’s got a stiffy. He likes your pussy.”

“Hehe… such a dirty boy.” The girl getting eaten chuckled.

The other girl kneeled and started stroking my cock through my pants. As she did this, she was close to my ear, and with my head between the other girl’s legs, she was pretty close to that as well. Feeling slightly mischievous. I pulled away from the girl’s crotch with a gasp and then kissed the other girl immediately after using my tongue. She was caught off guard, and after kissing back for a few seconds, her eyes widened and she shoved me hard enough that I fell to the side.

“Damn it! What the fuck!” She snapped angrily. “You think that’s funny?”

She suddenly stood up and kicked me. I was stunned for a second. I guess it’d be the equivalent of a girl giving a blowjob and then kissing another guy. I had done it teasingly, but it seriously pissed this girl off.

“Haha… you tasted my cunt!” The one standing laughed.

“This little dick!” She raised her foot and stomped on me.

“Shit!” I cursed.

“Hey woman, go easy on him.”

“Fuck that! I’m not some gay butch. You stupid cock.” She kept kicking me as I tried to defend myself.

The girl who had been getting eaten out finally grabbed her friend and pulled her back. She had hurt me. My arm where I blocked hurt and so were my ribs. She had seriously attacked me because of that. I was mostly stunned at first. I hadn’t even reacted. I had just been in the moment and suddenly I was getting kicked. Then, I started to feel angry.

“Hey, you, just finish us off and then…” The first girl tried to recover from the situation.

“Oh, I’ll finish you off.” I declared standing up and wiping my mouth.

These people dragged me outside and then started pushing me into sex. I had been willing to just go for it, and consider it a consequence of playing the game. However, after doing that, this bitch thought she could kick me? Fuck, no.

“What is that supposed to mean?” The girl who had been kicking me arrogantly stated.

“You like molesting young boys? You like forcing yourself and taking advantage of people?” I asked, the anger in me burning even more.

“What of it? What’s a little kid like you- what the fuck?”

I grabbed her long hair and then threw her over the concrete rise. This shoved her head between the metal bar railing above, so when she tried to lift back up, she was unable to move. I grabbed her pants and panties and then ripped them down. I pulled my dick out, and with a thrust, I shoved it into the girl’s pussy.

“What the fuck are you… ahhh! What the hell? Get your dick out of me!”

At this point, her friend in the skirt had finally processed what was going on and then came at me. “What the heck do you think you’re doing?”

As she tried to grab me, I grabbed her instead, I threw her against the rail, forcing her to sit down next to her bent-over friend. With one hand, I reached up her skirt and then shoved my fingers inside her. With the other hand, I put it around her throat.

The girl bent over with my dick inside her tried to reach around, but the bar blocked her on one side, and her friend’s ass blocked her on the other. With just my hips, I could keep her stuck there. I began to thrust into her with hard, rough thrusts. Meanwhile, I fingered the other girl. She had a shocked look on her face like she couldn’t believe what was happening.

“Stop it! You cock! Stop! Ahhh… damn… don’t… fuck… if you keep… if you keep… haaah… haaah… I’m gonna…” The girl trapped in doggy spit out obscenities, but as I pounded her pussy her thinking started to grow muddled.

The other girl was completely at my mercy, watching me with a furrowed brow even as she started gasping.

“Fuck… Fuck… I’m gonna… ahhhhn… I’m cumming!” The girl trapped started spasming, liquid running down her legs as she had an orgasm.

“You think I won’t fuck you too!” I snapped at the other girl, who had a slightly relieved expression on her face.

She must have thought that once her friend came, I’d stop. Instead, I lifted her. Her eyes bulged as I pulled her up and over plopping her ass right on top of her friend. I pulled my dick out and then shoved it right into her pussy. I started to fuck her lotus style, except her butt was resting on her friend’s bare ass. I grabbed her hands and shoved them against the rails. Her friend had become quiet after she came, but she still couldn’t get out of her rail prison as long as I was right behind her and thrusting forward.

The other girl closed her eyes and wrapped her legs around me, submitting to her fate as she let me fuck her to my own pleasure. I started kissing her, and she kissed back, and when she started to cum, she clung to me, her entire body spasming as she held on tightly. At that point, I had reached my limit. Being able to fuck two girls to completion, let alone two girls who didn’t even want it, was already an impressive feat.

I shoved my cock inside and erupted inside her. Her eyes bulged as I came in her womb, but she remained silent as I creamed her pussy. When I pulled it out, white splooged out and then dripped down on her friend’s ass.

I opened my mouth to say something, but the girl suddenly jerked as something from over the rail hit her in the head. Her eyes rolled up, and then she fell off her friend. I kept her from hitting her head on the concrete, but only just. When I looked back up, Mackenzie was standing there with a serious expression on her face, and George was right behind her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I sat in back of the car with Mackenzie and George. There was an icy silence as we drove down the road. After Mackenzie had appeared to the rescue all too late, our bowling date had been cut short. She had grabbed my arm and then pulled me back to the front of the building, where the waiting Abigail who looked anxious and worried was. Mackenzie had dragged me to her car.

“Get in.”

Her voice sounded angry, and I found myself getting into her car and sitting down before I even thought about resisting. I was kind of angry too. George had been with her. That meant that between the two of us, she had gone to him first. I had wanted my answer, and in the end, I got it. This immediately put me in a bad mood.

“Hey…” Abigail approached the other woman.

“You’ll have to get yourself home,” Mackenzie growled.

Abigail stopped, looking slightly awkward. She was far too scared of Mackenzie to act too aggressive or domineering in front of her, but she only had a vague understanding of what happened and couldn’t help but shoot me a worried look. I mouthed to reassure her and told her I’d be okay. She finally gave a nod and turned away. I let out a breath and leaned back in the car with my eyes closed.

A few moments later, Mackenzie took the driver’s side and George took the passenger side and we were driving home. The first stop was George’s place. We pulled up into a rather nice-looking home. It was better than where we lived. I kept my mouth shut and my head down. George turned to Mackenzie with an awkward expression on his face.

“Thank you. You really did save me.” George responded with a breathy voice.

Mackenzie nodded, but she didn’t look in George’s direction. After a moment, he bit his lip. He looked back at me, but his expression wasn’t mean or scornful. It was just a generally worried look. He turned away and got out of the car. Once the door shut, Mackenzie waited for George to go inside.

“Get in the passenger side.”

I opened my mouth and then closed it again. I got out of the back and got in the front. I didn’t do it because that’s what she wanted. I did it because I wanted to do it. Once I closed the door and got my seatbelt on, she pulled out of the parking lot. If I thought she had wanted me in the front so that we can speak, I was mistaken. She didn’t say anything. The silence continued for a few minutes, and I found myself wishing she had just turned the radio on. However, then my anger started to resurface and I realized that I had to say something.

“Mackenzie-”

“I saw the messages on your phone.” She spoke up as soon as I tried to talk to her.

“My phone…”

She pulled it from her pocket and tossed it at me. “I don’t know how you got Dawn to help you with such a ridiculous plan.”

So, she knew that I had set things up. She must have gotten the phone from Abigail and peeked inside. No wonder Abigail looked so guilty. Where was my privacy in all of this? I scowled at Mackenzie, but she seemed to ignore my look as she continued to stare right ahead. I lifted my phone and looked at it briefly before shoving it in my pocket and turning away. As I looked out the window, I noticed that we weren’t going in the direction of the house.

“Where are you going?” I asked.

“Out.” She responded stiffly. “Mom’s not expecting us back for a while yet.”

For some reason, there was a slight edge to her words that made me nervous. I continued to look out the window as we traveled to an area near the highway. It was at that point we pulled into a place that I was familiar with. It was a motel, but not just any motel, it was the one I had an anonymous encounter with a stranger once. There was no way that she knew, did she? This was the closest motel to my house, so it was probably nothing. As soon as I started to calm down, it hit me. Why was she taking me to a motel?

“Stay here.” She got out of the car and went into the office area.

I waited in silence, shifting between excited and worried. I couldn’t believe that my sister was getting a motel. Was she looking for sex? It wasn’t like I wasn’t interested. I just didn’t know what she was thinking. First, we went out on this strange double date, then she ended up protecting her date over me, and suddenly we’re at a motel? I had slept with several of my sisters already, but this felt different. Sneaking around in public or trying to keep quiet while others were sleeping in the room next to us was completely different from having a room all to ourselves. I didn’t know how to react.

She came out about five minutes later, a set of keys in hand. She came to the door and only opened it for a brief moment.

“Come on.”

I tried to ask her what her intentions were, but she was already leaving the car and me without another word. I got out and locked the car before running after her. After all, I didn’t even know what room she was in. Therefore, I followed her until she stopped in front of a room and unlocked it.

“Mackenzie, what is-”

I tried to ask again, but she opened the door and stepped in, all while ignoring me. I frowned, feeling like everything was off about this. However, she was my sister, so it wasn’t like I was afraid of anything. I walked into the room. Mackenzie was at the dresser where she placed the keys down. I made sure the door was locked, and then took a few steps forward.

“What do you want?” I asked quickly, afraid she’d interrupt me again.

She looked up at me. Her expression was still angry, and there was something else. It felt a bit dark and dangerous. The silence seemed to drift between the two of us for a moment, and then she suddenly stepped forward. She grabbed me and shoved me back. My legs hit the bed and I fell back. However, Mackenzie wasn’t done. She shoved me onto the bed, shoving my arms above my head. This wasn’t the first time she had done something like this. It was a position she seemed to like.

Her lips found mine and she started kissing me. As she did so, her hands started grabbing at my shirt. She started forcefully yanking it off. I tried to help her, but her movements seemed somewhat frantic. She ripped off my shirt. My arm caught, but she forced it off anyway. I heard a tearing sound, but she ignored it as she threw it away. I looked up at her innocently, but this seemed to make her angrier.

She glared down at me, and then lowered her head again. This time, she started to kiss me. She was sucking my neck hard though. It would leave hicky’s, not that I minded. She kept kissing, moving her lips every few moments, and using a lot of tongue. It felt good, but there was still something off. Her movements were aggressive and unfocused. She reached my nipples, and then suddenly I felt her teeth bite one.

“O-owwww…” I ignored her when she hurt my arm ripping off my shirt, but this was intentional.

Rather than stopping, she pulled up, pulling my nipple up with her teeth painfully. I gritted my teeth, but I didn’t say anything. For a second, our eyes met. She let go of my nipple and then started grappling with my pants. She ripped open the belt, but she was doing it so roughly that she ended up pushing her fist against my balls. They immediately felt like they had been struck.

“Be careful.” I snapped.

“Shut up.” She responded, pulling my dick out.

“Excuse me?” I blinked as she started to jack off my dick so roughly that it didn’t feel very pleasurable at all.

“Just shut the fuck up!” She hissed. “Satisfy my pussy, you little dick tease.”

My eyes widened. This was not the normal Mackenzie. I found myself confused. Furthermore, my cock was starting to lose erection, which seemed to annoy her even more.

“You’re hurting me.”

“Why would I care?” She shot back. “You’re just a fuck toy.”

“Mackenzie…”

“I said, shut your slut mouth.” She snapped, not even looking at me as she tried to use both hands on my dick.

I grabbed her wrists and tried to pull her off.  She let out a growl and one of her hands lashed out as she slapped me. She hit me across the cheek with a resounding clap. I stopped, stunned by her action. She was also staring wide-eyed as if stunned she had done it as well. The anger and frustration I had been feeling prior came bowling back to the surface. Why did she have to treat me this way? Why did I have to take it?

I raised my hand and slapped her across the face even harder. She let out a cry and then lunged at me with her hands like she wanted to choke me.

“Why do you have to be such a slut? Why do you fuck any girl you want?” She roared as I tried to defend myself.

For a second, I thought she was going to kill me. However, her hands ended up at my nipples, which she suddenly twisted. I felt just as much anger and frustration at her.

“Why did you have to date some other guy?” I shot back.

My knee went up and slammed her between the legs. Her eyes went wide, but I headbutted her before she could retaliate. She fell back to my side, and then I leaped on top of her.

“Noah, you’re just a stupid dick, you don’t understand anything!” She glared at me defiantly.

“And you’re a vicious cunt!” I shot back, trying to grab her nipples which she managed to block.

The pair of us ended up fighting hand to hand while breathing hard and glaring at each other.

“You will just stick it in anyone!” She snapped. “I hate my little brother who is just a whore!”

“I only give it to the people I want to care about me!” I yelled back, my eyes stinging as liquid dripped from them. “Why don’t you care about me? Why does no one care about me?”

She suddenly stopped defending herself, and my hands were free to attack her nipples, which I immediately gave a purple nurple. However, she barely seemed to notice, looking up at me with an intense look.

“What are you saying?”

“You went to George before me!” I shouted angrily. “You went out with some random guy, and then you decided he was more important to save than me.”

“Is that what you think?” She asked.

I finally let go of her nipples and looked down at her. I knew my look was sullen, tears were falling down my cheeks, but I couldn’t stop myself.

“I know I’m selfish,” I responded after taking a stuttering breath. “I know that I want everything. However, if you weren’t interested in me anymore, there was an easier way to do it than to just start dating some other guy. I get it, I’m not important to you anymore. I can live with that, but you should have just told me.”

Mackenzie’s expression turned strange, and then she lifted her hand and touched my cheek. “Is that what this is all about? You silly brother, I love you more than anything. You’re the only boy for me.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Why did you go on a date with George?” I asked the question that I hadn’t dared to ask before.

Perhaps, everything that had happened could have been avoided if I had just asked this question. However, when I saw her with George, I had just gone crazy. My thoughts instantly went to her either getting bored of me or intentionally trying to upset me. It wasn’t until once she told me that I was the only boy for her that I had finally thought that there might be something else to it.

These last few days I had been torturing myself because Mackenzie was with someone else. Admittedly, I had monopolized all of my sisters and several other women on top of that, but I just couldn’t stand the idea that she would be with another guy. So, I had turned his confession into a double date and then tried to destroy that double date. However, it had all stemmed from the moment Mackenzie said yes, and for all, I knew there was a completely normal reason.

“I don’t know.” She responded.

“That’s your answer?” I cried out, grabbing her nipples again.

“Owwww! What do you want? I’m a girl! A cute boy asks me out and I just said yes.”

I was wrong. Mackenzie was as one-dimensional as a guy. There was no deeper meaning. She just wanted to juggle two boys at the same time. I glared at her fiercely. She at least looked guilty, but I just couldn’t believe that after everything, she would do such a thing.

“What about my feelings?” I demanded.

She looked down. “You’re dating Abigail, right?”

“That doesn’t matter!” I growled, twisting harder. “You said you love me!”

“I do love you! You’re my brother. Stop, my nipples are going to get sore!” She responded tearfully, not meeting my eyes.

“Not until you give me a better excuse.”

“Brother… girls aren’t like guys. We just do stupid shit for no reason sometimes.”

“Bullshit! You love me more than anything. I’m the only boy for you! That’s what you said. Did you lie?”

“No…”

“Then why did you go out with him!” I shouted.

“Because I didn’t know!” She knocked my hands away and then grabbed me by the back of the head roughly, glaring at me with teary eyes. “Because it isn’t normal!”

“…”

I stared down at her, but I didn’t say anything. I was waiting for more. She took a deep breath, finally meeting my eyes directly as she spoke.

“I’ve been in love with you for years,” She continued. “I’ve always been thinking about you. For a time, I tried to tell myself that my feelings for you were just sisterly love. I tried to tell myself that when I took a pair of your underwear or when I sneak a peek of you changing, that it was just a horny girl being a horny girl.”

“You did what?” I blinked.

As time went on, I found it harder and harder to justify my actions. I wasn’t interested in other boys. I was just interested in you. For a while, you were so self-absorbed, lost in your own little world, that I felt like it would be fine. I could just keep admiring you from afar. So, when you started to show interest in other girls, it drove me crazy. I felt like I was losing it. I was jealous and angry, and alone. Then, something changed.”

“Something?”

She bit her lip, shaking her head slightly. “I got everything that I had ever wanted. You showed interest in me back, and for just a bit I was able to taste what I had always wanted. I thought it’d just be that. A single time, and then once I got it out of my system, I’d move on. However, the feelings I had only got stronger, and my desire to have you grew.”

As she spoke, her hand was tightening in my hair, growing to the point of pain. Her face was filled with emotions, and I couldn’t help but feel my heart beating rapidly as she spoke. Deep down, I started to think about the Mackenzie from before. She had always been a nag. She was a pain in the ass. She wouldn’t leave me alone. She’d boss me around and act like a general bitch.

However, I learned that the switch didn’t change who people were. It might change how they’d act to an extent, but they were still the same person with roughly the same history. That meant that the Mackenzie who made my life a living hell was a girl who had been in love with me from the beginning. That was taking a lot for my teenage brain to process. I shook my head and focused back on what she was saying.

“That still doesn’t explain George.”

“When he asked me out, I was thinking it was a chance to be normal. If I said ‘no’, then I’d spend the rest of my life as a perverted girl lusting after her brother.” She sighed. “So, I panicked and said yes. I needed to see if my feelings for you were just me being a horny girl taking the first guy I could get my hands on, or if it really could be someone else.”

“I see… I kind of fucked that up, huh?” I asked guiltily.

She looked like she thought about it for a second before shrugging. “Not really. If anything, you being there only helped me understand what I wanted.”

“And that is…”

“You… dumb brother.” She gave me a condescending look like the answer was obvious.

“Well, excuse me if I was confused!” I frowned. “You did go to protect him before me.”

“That’s because…” She lowered her eyes. “I knew that you would be able to handle yourself. I didn’t think those dumb bitches would be able to do anything my brother didn’t want. I thought you’d get mad if I got in the way of your fun too soon.”

My eyes widened. “Are you saying you waited for me to finish?”

“Tsk…” She looked away, looking slightly pissed now. “It wasn’t easy. Seeing you plow those two girls… I was filled with rage. I wanted to tear their tits off. However, if I didn’t let you finish, you’d just jump on one of our sisters when you got home.”

“You know about that?” I coughed.

“The walls aren’t as thick as you think. You’re definitely fucking Dawn, and also the twins. Is Bethany getting it too?”

“No!” I cried out, but when she raised her eyebrow, it was my turn to look away. “London.”

“London… I never thought she’d be so reckless. Damn…” Mackenzie shook her head.

I gave her a side-long look. “You’re not angry, are you?”

“A little…” She responded. “At them, though.”

“Them?”

“You need to understand, Noah. To them, you’re just a fun toy. They love you like a brother, and may even want to protect you, but their sexual interest in you is only as deep as getting their pussies off. You’re just an easy and available dick. I’m not saying they don’t care. I’m just saying that their feelings for you are like a friend with benefits.”

“You say that like you’re different.”

Her hand tightened in my hair for a second, causing me to wince. “Haven’t you been listening? I love you, Noah. I don’t just see you as my brother. I’m… I’m in love with you.”

The way she said that seemed filled with emotions, and for a moment my heart started to beat out of control. For just a moment, I could feel like her feelings were different from my other sisters. Of course, I knew deep down that my sisters and I were just being hormonal and having fun. London and I had already talked out our feelings. We established that we were just fucking for fun. It stood to reason that my eldest sister was the only one I had truly discussed our budding relationship with. For the twins and me, it was a matter of fun. As for Dawn, it was a matter of comfort. So, what was it with Mackenzie? It was… something else.

“Mackenzie…” I spoke her name, feeling slightly funny.

We were lying there naked, me on top of her while she held my head in her hands, yet just saying her name felt more exhilarating.

“I just wanted you to understand. If we keep going, my heart is going to belong to you.” She explained.

“And George?” I still felt I had to ask, and then added. “You know, while he was doing my makeup, he threatened me.”

That was a little childish, but I felt I had to get one more dig at him.

“That dick.” She responded, and then chuckled to herself. “You know, I did kick open the bathroom door and beat up the girls that had assaulted him. Do you know what happened?”

“What?” I asked, surprised by her change in tone.

“He was sucking one girl’s pussy.”

“He wasn’t!” I gasped.

She nodded. “He had his tongue all over her snatch. He said it was coerced, but I could tell he liked it and didn’t hesitate to get on his knees when the opportunity presented itself.”

I opened my mouth and then bit back my words. “I guess, I’m not one to talk. I wasn’t much better.”

“What are you saying?” She asked. “How can my cute little brother compare himself to that slut?”

“I mean, with both did sexual things…”

“Yeah, he got on his knees and ate pussy like a submissive little prick.” She grinned. “While you turned those two women into your fuckgirls. I’ve never seen anything like it. It was hilarious! A couple of tough broads, but as soon as they meet my brother they turn into little bitches. It was great!”

“Ah… that… I was mad you didn’t come, so I went a bit overboard.”

“You…” She shook her head in disbelief. “You’re really amazing. Noah.”

“So, you’re not mad?” I felt like I was a broken record asking that over and over again, but I couldn’t stop myself.

I was really worried that our relationship was on the verge of collapsing. I had almost ruined things with London, and I didn’t want to ruin things with Mackenzie. What she thought mattered a lot to me. I didn’t realize how much until now.

“I’m furious!” She pulled my hair deliberately now, forcing my head up.

“Oh…” I said although it came out almost as ow.

“Noah, when I saw George sucking cunt, do you know what I felt?”

“What?”

“Nothing, I felt absolutely nothing. However, when I saw you banging those two pieces of trash, I felt anger, frustration, and a wave of other unpleasant emotions. Do you know what I felt most of all?”

“Wh-what?”

“Fucking horny.”

“What!?”

“Fuck, it was hot! Seeing you with other women made me extremely excited. I got so wet I could barely stand it. When you finished, it took everything I had not to force you to the ground and deepthroat your dick hard. I wanted to taste your dick and then cover up the smell of those skanks with my own body. I didn’t expect to feel that way. Well, you can tell where that ended up leading us.”

I looked around the hotel room. She did toss me on the bed and start trying to fuck me the second she brought me here. That was more conducive of someone horny versus someone angry.

“You’re… a cuck?”

Wait, is that a word in this world? Would it be a Vagold? It was too late, I had already said the word. However, my sister seemed to understand what I meant.

“I guess I am. Seeing you with other women turns me on. I have to accept that.” She sighed. “However, don’t all of your girlfriends have to be, just a little. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be with you.”

“I see… then, I guess that settles things.” I nodded thoughtfully until I noticed Mackenzie still was holding my head and staring at me. “Um… you can let go now.”

“Brother, you don’t listen.” She cocked an eyebrow. “It looks like I’m going to have to continually remind brother for him to understand things.”

“What are you saying?” I suddenly started getting a funny feeling.

“I said… I’m fucking horny.” Her expression turned dangerous. “I’m going to fuck you, Brother. I’m going to fuck you raw until you are covered in my pussy juice and you smell like my dildo!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before I had much time to think, Mackenzie had managed to get me pinned under her once again. She looked down at me with a predatory desire. This was the sister who loved me the most? Doesn’t she want to devour me instead? She leaned down and kissed me, biting my lip and pulling it with her teeth, letting go just before it became painful. Then, she leaned down again, kissing me harder. She pulled away slightly and licked my lips slightly, a seductive look on her face.

She then started to kiss my cheek, slowly moving down my neck, and then my nipples. She spent particular special attention to my nipples. I had gleefully played with a girl’s breasts and nipples, but it was still awkward getting it in return. Yet, Mackenzie sucked my nipples roughly, and I felt myself getting more and more turned on. She bit down on one.

“Ah!” I cried in protest.

“That’s for twisting my nipples so hard earlier.” She grinned. “They’ll be bruised.”

“S-sorry…”

“It’s fine… I don’t mind. If my little brother could hurt me, wouldn’t that be embarrassing?” She responded, her hands moving up and down my body, exploring it with her fingertips. “I already said that you can have me as rough as you want. I can take anything my brother can give.”

“Mackenzi-” She put a finger on my lips, stopping me from talking.

“I want to suck your dick now. Make sure you cum in my mouth. I want to taste all of you.” She grinned as her head lowered down to my crotch.

I could only nod dumbly as my sister went down on me. She was acting so aggressive now that it was causing my dick to throb. I felt like I was going to explode.

As her hand finally left my lips, my eyes dropped down to see her lying between my legs with my cock in her hands. She lifted it, savoring my dick with pure delight in her eyes. She brought her nose up to my balls and sniffed.

“D-don’t smell…” It wasn’t the first time a girl had done that to me in this world, but it still made me feel embarrassed every time.

“But your dick smells so yummy.” She purred. “I bet it tastes sweet like sugar.”

“You’ve had it before…” I responded shyly.

“Mm… but you haven’t cleaned up recently. You even fucked those two other girls.”

I raised my head. “Ah… that’s even worse… I’ll go wash up!”

She put her hand up and shoved my chest back down. “No, I want to enjoy my little brother’s slutty dick when it’s fresh.”

As if to punctuate her words, she engulfed my balls in her mouth, sucking on them playfully. Her tongue darted back and forth playfully as she gobbled them.

“Hah… Mackenzie…”

“Mm… does brother like that?” She teased. “Your dick is so hard right now, brother must like his sister’s lips.”

Her voice was devilish, every word seeming geared toward driving me wild. I was ready to beg her for sex, but I had a feeling that was exactly what she was looking for. She lifted her mouth and brought my cock into it. I could feel the heat and warmth of her lips, and the wetness of her tongue as she enthusiastically swallowed my cock. She didn’t frantically move her head in an attempt to bring me to a climax. Instead, she sucked on it slowly, savoring the taste and feel of it. I could feel her throat swallowing slightly as her tongue moved up and down the underside of my shaft, undulating teasingly.

As she sucked my cock down, her finger wrapped around my hips and then started to squeeze my butt, shoving my hips into her face like she couldn’t get my dick down her throat far enough. As she deepthroated my cock until I couldn’t see any of it left, she looked up at me, her eyes giving a predatory look, as if to say that if I dared cum, she’d punish me.

Yet, it was taking all of the power I had to not cum down her throat that insistent. I had already grown excited by her. It was only growing worse now. She was on her knees now with her butt up in the air. I could see it just over her head waging back and forth as she sucked down my cock. That’s when I noticed that one of her hands had gone missing. By the position and the subtle movement of that arm, I realized that she was fingering herself.

“Mmmm… mmm… mmm…” She moaned, her throat buzzing against the tip of my cock.

I narrowed my eyes. As much as Mackenzie talked about fucking me raw, she was just as turned on and unable to control herself. She seemed to notice my look and made a noise. As if to hide her pleasure, she finally started to bob her head up and down my cock. As she sucked me off, she sucked with her throat, sucking my dick down like she wanted to drink from a straw. Her attack was successful because my head fell back and I let out a moan.

She finally brought my cock out of her throat, gasping for breath. “Do you…hah… like that…hah… brother?”

She was going all out. Her face was completely red and she was panting from a lack of oxygen.

“Why are you asking me? Aren’t you just playing with yourself for your own enjoyment?” I teased.

“You!” She took her hand and began to jack me off. “Weren’t you just about to cum?”

Her hands began to vigorously work my shaft, and she occasionally added her tongue in there too, keeping my dick wet and slippery. Her hands moved up and down roughly. She seemed absolutely determined to make me pop.

“No fair, if you’re going to do that, shouldn’t I get to touch you as well?” I asked.

Mackenzie shot me a teasing look. “Nope!”

“What?”

“When did I say I was going to be fair?” She stuck her tongue out at me. “Now release your seed for me. Ahhh!”

She engulfed my cock once again with her mouth. Her hands stroked the shaft and balls while her tongue playfully attacked the head. Her moves were relentless, and I felt myself growing lost in an instant. She was determined to extract my load from me. However, I had a stubborn streak, and I tried to hold back. My way of thinking meant that as a man I had my own pride, and couldn’t just give her what she wanted without a fight.

I clenched my teeth as Mackenzie hoovered my cock, using her hands and mouth until my balls ached to explode. However, her attacks were relentless, and that little pink tongue kept attacking every sensitive area. I was panting aggressively, knowing that I was losing this battle. I had been hoping my sister would get tired or bored, but I had seriously miscalculated. My sister’s horniness was in full swing and she was gobbling up my cock excitedly with delight.

I couldn’t hold back anymore. Her teasing was just too much. Her hands were still teasing my balls and shaft, and she didn’t deep throat me. My hands reached out and grabbed my sister’s hair. It felt far too pleasurable to hold back. I thrust my hips out, shoving my dick back down her throat. Her throat gurgled as I took her mouth, but I didn’t care. Using my hands to lift and drop her head, I started to face-fuck my sister.

“Mmmgghg…. Mmmmggg…. Mmmmghhh…” Her throat made noises every time I plunged my shaft down it.

Her hands had retreated from my balls and instead held my thighs as if she was bracing herself. However, although she was pushing back slightly with her hands, I had a vice-grip on her head, and I was bobbing it up and down on my cock almost as if it was completely detached from the rest of her body. She let me use her face however I wanted. Didn’t she say it best? I could use her however I wanted and she could take it. If that was the case, then I was riding her hard.

My cock was drenched in my sister’s spit, and it made wet sounds as it penetrated past her lips. She tried to use her lips and tongue to continue to tease me, but I was thrusting into her throat so hard and fast that she didn’t have a lot of time to prepare. As a result, her tongue would raise up, and then my cock would force its way through, shoving it back down. Her face had turned red again, but I couldn’t stop myself at this point.

I had managed to hold back from cumming earlier, and for some reason, my desire to cum subsided temporarily. That wasn’t to say I wasn’t still at the height of sexual excitement. I seemed to have broken through the barrier and was reaching new heights. I usually came as soon as I reached my sexual climax, but I had somehow skipped my climax to rise to a new height.

I had of course read seedy stories online about men who could achieve multiple orgasms or through meditation or something achieve the pinnacles of sexual delight. This world had even more of these stories. Even with the gender roles swapped, men seemed to be obsessed with getting off. However, in my old world, it was always framed as lasting to enhance your woman’s pleasure. This world allowed men to be a lot more selfish with their desires, talking about the ideal cum.

Well, I didn’t spend that much time reading those stories. I wasn’t into men talking about their junk and what turns them on. However, I got the gist of it. For me, it was a bit like a second wind. In running, once you reach a point where you’re stamina is nearly exhausted, certain endorphins kick in and you suddenly feel super energized. The breath you were struggling to take became plentiful and you experience a runner’s high.

If there was a sex version of that, I had achieved it. By holding back, I had inadvertently hit my second steam. I became completely overwhelmed with sex and completely focused on obtaining pleasure. At the moment, that pleasure was being derived by my sister’s throat, so I continued to fuck her harder and harder.

“Fuck!” I shouted. “Fuuuuuck… I’m going to cum!”

If Mackenzie had any words of triumph over finally getting what she wanted, she wasn’t in a position to gloat. She could only just take my dick as I fucked her throat raw. Clenching her hair, I shoved her down on my cock as hard as I could, impaling her head with my cock. My cock reached deep into the back of her throat, and even my balls had seemingly disappeared. My clenched teeth opened as I let out a guttural scream. I had been acting more like an animal than a human, going at it unrestrained.

“Mmmm!” Whatever Mackenzie wanted to say was lost.

My cock exploded, and white-hot jizz erupted down her throat. I heard her cough and try to push her head away, but my hands on her head forced my cock to stay deep in her throat. I came again and again, and after a few spurts I could feel her throat swallowing, taking it down properly. I kept cumming through, and her cheeks started to puff out and then cum burst out her lips. She wasn’t able to swallow it all fast enough, and it had ended up exploding out.

The intense sexual pleasure finally subsided enough, and common sense took over. Realizing how far I had gone this time, I guiltily let go. My sister pulled her head back and then turned away, coughing and gagging. A bunch of cum and saliva came out, drenching my dick and also dripping from her mouth. Before she turned away, I saw her face for a moment and she looked like a mess. Tears were streaming down her eyes, her makeup was a mess, and her lips were swollen.

“Ah!” I put out a hand.

It wasn’t the first time I had been rough with one of my sisters, but did I go too far this time?

“Fuck…” Mackenzie croaked with a broken voice. “Damn it, Noah…”

I lowered my head. “S-sorry…”

Mackenzie continued to gasp for breath and cough for a few more minutes, and then finally stood up and turned back to me. I didn’t meet her eyes. She reached out and lifted my chin, forcing me to look at her. Her face was still messy, but she had wiped away most of the mess.

“What are you being sorry about?” She demanded. “Rather, did I say I was done with you? Don’t tell me you’re already satisfied with just that.”

“Mackenzie?”

“Heh… I love my little brother acting like an animal. That was fucking hot, but I have two other holes for you to use, don’t I?”

I had thought this before, but my sisters really didn’t have an upper limit where I was concerned.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“I want your dick inside me so bad.” Mackenzie begged.

Although this wasn’t the first Mackenzie and I had sex, the atmosphere was completely different now. She had previously been holding herself back, perhaps thinking that as long as she kept herself emotionally distant and we only had sex for physical satisfaction, that she wouldn’t end up feeling things that she did for her brother. It seemed like after giving in to her desires and finally admitting that she was just a giant pervert who lusted over her younger brother, her restraints had disappeared completely.

She started speaking a lot more vulgarly to me, her eyes filled with a thirsty longingness. It was like she wanted to have every part of me, and nothing was enough. After I nearly choked her with my cock, she cleaned up and came out ready for more. This time, she decided to let me take control. Well, I always took control, but this time she surrendered to me. That was to say she lay back on the bed and then spread open her pussy with her fingers while saying such dirty words. If my cock wasn’t already hard, just the sight of my sister like that was enough.

I wanted to take pictures so that they would last longer, but I didn’t want the possibility of them leaking out and becoming a problem. I didn’t mind if my body was seen, but I would be furious if anyone else saw my sister in that position. Maybe that was a bit petty of me, but just like Mackenzie, I had come to terms with my nature when it came to my sexy sister.

I got onto the bed and moved between her legs. She looked up at me excitedly, ready to get pierced by her brother’s cock. I lined the head of my cock up against her wet, waiting lips. I was too excited though, and when I pushed, it slid up, sliding up along her slit.

“Ahhh… b-brother… teasing me.”

Seeing her gasping and looking at me with frustration, my darker and more teasing side was stoked. I started to playfully rub my head against her clit, teasing her without penetration. I watched as my sister moaned, biting her lips in aggravation over unsatisfied lust.

I had already gotten off on her throat, so I was much more in control at the moment. However, my cute little sister had been teased and teased again, and still, she hadn’t gotten off. Now, her horniness had reached a limit, yet rather than fulfilling her desires, I only teased her a bit more. She was going crazy, but the looks and whimpers coming from her were far too interesting. After she acted so domineering, wasn’t she just a helpless slut? Well, I wouldn’t think such disparaging things about my sister for real, but for this moment and time, my sister was just my little sex toy.

“Please, stick it in… I need it so bad.” She moaned in a voice that sounded pained.

She was rocking her hips, trying to force my dick into her. She wanted to be filled so badly it hurt. I realized that if I waited too much longer, she might start getting angry at me, so I decided it was finally time to give her the release she wanted. Reaching out and grabbing her hips, I shoved myself inside my sister’s pussy. Her back instantly arched, and I could feel her pussy grabbing my cock and sucking it in. Was my sister already cumming just with that?

“Ahhhn…. Ahhhh… fuuuuuck!” She moaned, her face scrunched up in a cute expression as her body orgasmed wildly.

Feeling quite happy about bringing her to orgasm so easily, I threw myself on top of my sister and started to thrust my hips. Before she could finish one orgasm, I was jackhammering her into another. Her eyes rolled back and her body twisted under me as she was driven to sexual heights again. Her hands reached out and grabbed my arms firmly, but soon her nails started to dig in as she reached yet another climax. My sister was horny since she came twice in only a few minutes with barely any action.

“Oh… shit… fuck…” she moaned out, speaking lewdly and feely as I gave her the full length of my dick.

Her pussy was so wet and wanting that it gobbled my dick down to the balls without any resistance. I could feel a wet sucking sound whenever I pulled out, and a lewd squishing sound whenever I plunged myself back in. She was extremely juicy, and her horny scent quickly filled the room as she went crazy having orgasm after orgasm.

Her nails were scratching my back, and she was moaning with her legs bent and trying to bring me deeper and deeper inside her.

“Noah… fuck… your big dick is filling me up. I fucking love it.” She spoke dirty words in a barely coherent manner. “Give it to me, give it to me. Crush my womb. I fucking love it.”

With her words as encouragement, I picked up the pace, slamming down into her pussy like my dick was trying to reach some treasure buried within and the next thrust was all I had to obtain wealth. Mackenzie was moaning so loudly that there was absolutely no way that she couldn’t be heard.

“Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Yeah, right there! Fuck!” She cried out as she came once again on my cock.

She was humping my cock about as much as I was thrusting into her. Even if I sat there and did nothing, she’d be getting off on my dick all the same. As she wildly banged me, I expected to lose my load in an instant, but I found since coming to this world I was starting to build up my stamina. All of these horny girls who wanted to fuck over and over again, I had to keep going, right? Of course, the main reason is that I had already finished once, so I had a bit more stamina for the second go.

“Ahhh! Ahhh! Yes! Yes!” Mackenzie came again while using my dick to her fullest.

She finally let her hips fall back down. Since I had been letting her do the work, she was panting now. A thin layer of sweat covered her face and chest, giving her skin a shine that made her appear just a bit prettier. She smiled up at me, but then her smile faltered slightly.

“You didn’t cum.”

“Geh… uh… I did…”

“Tsk… don’t be one of those guys who fake it.” She glared at me.

I stiffened slightly and then laughed. “Ah… sorry. I guess I didn’t cum, but I already came earlier, so…”

“No, that’s not good enough!” She pouted. “I want brother to cum inside me. I recently got on the pill, so it’s not a problem.”

“When did you do that?”

She looked away and scratched her cheek. “Ah… after our first time.”

“I see.”

“I-is my pussy not tight enough?” She asked nervously.

“What? How can that be?”

Mackenzie had gotten lost in sex, and even orgasmed several times until she exhausted herself. However, because I didn’t lose my nut, something I was a bit proud of, she took a hit to her mental health. In this world, women made men cum, and if they couldn’t, there was something wrong with them. If my sister didn’t cum, she’d be blaming herself, and if I didn’t cum, she also blamed herself! It was a weird way to think but in a kind of cute way. It made her seem even more adorable.

I could explain I just needed to go longer, especially after already cumming a mind-blowing orgasm earlier, but how could she accept that? While I was thinking about how I could tease her more, Mackenzie mumbled something that I completely missed.

“I’m sorry, what was that?”

Her cheeks turned red. “I said, do you want to stick it… in my ass. You put it in one time, but…”

“You want me to stick it in your ass.”

“I-I said I had three holes,” She responded. “You’ve never cum in my ass before. Can we try that?”

Her voice had a slightly perverted sound to it like she wanted it but didn’t want to seem like she wanted it. Usually, it was a guy begging to put it in, but in this world, it seemed like girls wanted their asses violated.

I had tasted anal more fully now, but I still didn’t have that much experience. The girls usually didn’t ask, and I didn’t feel comfortable asking on my side. As much sex as I had, it had only been a few weeks since my sex life had picked up. I was usually more interested in pussy anyway. Girls were typically a bit less clean in this world, so I didn’t want to put myself into situations that may be gross. Mackenzie kept herself clean though, so I didn’t worry about it. I still made her go to the bathroom and clean herself again just in case.

When she came back, she had a small vial which she handed me. I looked down at it in surprise. It was lubricant! I didn’t know where she had gotten it, but she had certainly come prepared. She got on the pill, and now she’s lugging around lubricant too. My sister had seriously been planning this for a while. She got on the bed on all fours, hiking her butt in the air. She then reached behind herself and spread her cheeks.

“Stick it in,” She instructed encouragingly.

I hastily opened the bottle and then put some lube on my hand. I didn’t quite know what to do with the lubricant. Most girls were so horny that they didn’t need anything like this. As for the main anal experience I did have, it was in the shower and I was intentionally being rough. I took the lubricant in my hand and then wiped it up her crack and across her asshole. She let out a cute noise, but nothing else. She still waited expectantly, showing me her backside like this.

Licking my lips, I squirted some more lube onto my palm, and this time I spread it over my cock, stroking it several times until it was covered in clear stuff. Her tight ass, slightly darker than the skin of her smooth ass, reflected light and appeared slightly shiny. My dick looked shiny too, thanks to the lubricant.

I moved up and pushed the head of my cock against her asshole. Her butthole pressed in slightly as my dick pushed against the surface. She let out a long breath like she was preparing herself. I pushed my hips forward, and the head of my cock popped inside. The outer rim of her ass seemed to slide around and then cling to the head of my cock, like it was some kind of thin mouth. Inside, I couldn’t feel any pressure, but just a thick warmth. I started to push deeper inside her.

Compared to my time with Jasmine or even my first time with Mackenzie, I was savoring the feeling. I pushed my cock in about halfway. I could hear Mackenzie breathing hard.

“Are you in?” She asked with a strained voice.

“About halfway…” I admitted honestly.

“Shit, I feel like you’re breaking my ass in half,” She said.

“Should I pull out?”

“N-no… I can take it.” She responded with a cry. “Please, take my ass all you want.”

Since my sister asked nicely, I decided I would do just that. I reached out and grabbed her ass, squeezing that round, soft tissue in my hands. Mackenzie’s ass was the best. Now, I was getting to ride it from behind. I shoved my dick in the rest of the way, allowing my dick to explore the deep recesses of her buttocks. Her hands tightened on the sheet as she let out a muffled sound into the bed. I guessed it was time for round three.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With my dick shoved in my sister’s ass, her asshole was surprisingly tight. I could see the elastic rim stretched out tightly around my cock, and the feel of it squeezing down was especially pleasing. It had taken the entire length of my shaft now, and I could feel her warm, murky depths. I was taking the time now to enjoy this moment.

“A-a-re you going to move it?” Mackenzie panted her voice slightly strained.

Having it deep inside her was causing Mackenzie some stress. I’d have to oblige her soon or she might just break. I pawed her ass with my palms, squeezing the cheeks, spreading them, and then pushing them together.

“Ahh… N-Noah… you can’t be so naughty.”

“Huh? Aren’t you the naughty one?” I asked mischievously.

“I’m a girl. All girls are perverts. Boys need to be more reserved.”

“You’re back on that again? Didn’t we just go through this?” I demanded.

“We talked about it. Just because I accept parts of you doesn’t mean I don’t want things to be bet—aahhhhH!”

“How about accepting this part of me?” I asked, finally pulling my dick out and thrusting it back in.

I pulled out to the point that the head of the cock threatened to leave her asshole, pulling on her tight rim until it extruded slightly, before shoving myself back insider her. Since I had lubed up her entire back, it was wet and slippery as I slid my dick in and out of her. Lubricant had ended up all over my groin, giving it and her butt a wet, greasy feel.

I started to thrust into her, moving my hips rhythmically as I pounded in and out of her ass. If she had wanted to give any rebuttal, she didn’t find the words as she dealt with the pressure of her ass being filled in such a matter.

“Fuuuck… Fuuuck…” She moaned, her hands squeezing the pillow under her face as she bore with the feeling.

She wouldn’t reject it though, and if I asked if it was painful, she’d probably tell me it was fine. After all, she was a girl, and girls in this world couldn’t admit to things like pain. It wasn’t like I was a sadist who liked hearing my sister in pain. However, something was satisfying about her willingness to allow herself discomfort just to satisfy me. It felt good to have someone who loved you so much they’d do anything for you.

Then again, in this world, didn’t most girls want to try anal? Did that mean they were all a little masochistic? Wait… did that mean guys were a little masochistic? I seemed to remember any number of videos of guys doing stupid things that hurt themselves, so much so that there were even tv shows about the subject. Maybe I was onto something there.

I had already cum. The fact I was keeping my penis erect after was just a testament to the arousing nature of my sister. When I had fucked her earlier, I was too focused on her pleasure to care much about my own. However, she had given me her ass exactly so I could pleasure myself. Since that was what she wanted, I didn’t hold back. My hips moved faster and faster, and I started to thrust into her nearly as fast as I did when it was her pussy.

“Hah… Hah… shit… Hah…” She was making loud moaning noises again.

They weren’t at the level that they would bother the neighbors again, although that probably depended on how sensitive the neighbors were. This time, she had her eyes pinched tight. She was more focused on taking my dick. She had to keep her ass from tightening up and just accept my cock inside it.

Well, that was her problem. On my side, I could feel her tight warmth, and the rhythmic stroking my cock got from the ring of her asshole was bringing me to climax pretty quick. It didn’t feel like a vagina much at all. It was like shoving my cock into a warm, endless abyss. Perhaps the doggie position also assisted in this relaxed feeling. Feeling mischievous, I lifted my hand and then slapped my sister’s ass, causing a nice little yelp of surprise from her.

“N-Noah! Hah…” She tried to give an admonishment but was unable to with the intense feelings emanating from her buttocks.

I sped up the pace of my movements. At this point, every time my dick reached deep inside her, my balls would tap against the wet skin of her butt. It created a light slapping sound, but as I continued to pick up the pace, that sound grew louder and louder. I started to slap her ass again, and then again. Her ass was already jiggling pleasingly every time I thrust into her, but the slap caused her to instinctively tighten on my cock, which felt even better. Her butt was starting to turn red.

“Ahhh… N-Noah…fuck!” This wasn’t a voice of admonishment this time, she had grown completely lost in lust. “Yes… yes…”

She no longer had a muted voice, nor was she acting much like she was in pain. Her hand has managed to sneak its way under her body, and she was fingering herself wildly. I was impressed I was holding back for so long, but I knew that I wouldn’t be able to keep going much longer.

I slowed down my strokes, but instead made them longer, harder, and more deliberately. I pulled out as far as I could, and then I thrust into her as hard as I could. They went from the tap, tap, tap of my balls slapping against her ass, to a slower thud, thud, thud as I took her fully. Every time I thrust in, she let out a noise of pleasure. After the fifth-some stroke, I could feel something tightening.

The twitching feelings weren’t around my cock. Rather, it felt slightly distant. I realized she was cumming, and that pussy of hers was twitching like crazy. However, my dick wasn’t in her pussy, it was in her ass. It could only pucker thirstily while I continued to plow her backdoor.

I started to try to pick up the pace again, but keep the long harsh thrusts. I knew this was the endgame though. I couldn’t hold out any longer. With several last powerful thrusts, I grabbed tightly onto my sister’s ass.

“I’m cumming!”

“M-me too!”

I didn’t know how many times she had already cum, but she seemed to have one last one in her. My cock swelled and I started to release my seed deep into her colon. She was on the pill, so it wasn’t like I couldn’t release in her pussy, but there was also something satisfying about putting it in her ass as well. Her body shook as I filled her ass with my seed. When I was finally done, I collapsed down, and Mackenzie’s legs straightened out as she lay down next to me.

After the loud noises, we had been making a short time earlier, the silence now was pretty resounding. All I could hear was the sound of the air conditioning unit as well as my sister’s loud breathing. It still felt hot despite the air conditioning running at full blast, and I was covered in sweat.

My sister reached out and put her hand on my chest. I glanced over at her questioningly. She was lying on her side now, a half-smile on her face.

“What?” I asked.

“You’re amazing.”

“Hmph, that’s what you tell all the boys.”

“No, really… you’re really…active during sex. I can’t even keep up with you.”

“What if… what if I told you things were different before?”

“What do you mean?” She asked.

I took a breath. “When I was hit by that car, everything seemed to change. Men started acting like women, and women started acting like men. I have the attitude the women have, so that’s why I am the way you are.”

“Noah, you’re such a boy.” Mackenzie chuckled. “I wouldn’t say you’re like a woman in the slightest.”

I bit my lip. “This world, it changes a person. When you’re treated a certain way every day, you start to act that way. I’m starting to think that a lot of the behavior that people adapt has less to do with sex, and more to do with how people are treated. If you are treated like a girl, you’ll act like a girl. If you’re treated like a child, you’ll act like a child. Well, I’m still a man, even if I sometimes act less than manly.”

“What are you talking about?” Mackenzie shook her head, reaching out and flicking my forehead. “You are you, and I am me, and that’s all there is to it. What we have between us is what we have, and nothing will change that.”

“Right.” I agreed, but secretly I sighed.

What I had said had gone right in one ear and out the other. It was clear Mackenzie wasn’t listening, or if she was listening, she was thinking I was just fantasizing out loud. It had taken the effort to convince Samantha of the truth. Mackenzie was a lot denser than Samantha, so wasting more time trying to make things clear would be a waste. Even if I got her to understand, I didn’t think she’d believe me ever.

Hell, after all this time, I didn’t think Samantha believed me. She accepted it and perhaps used it in an attempt to get closer to me, but she didn’t believe it. Who could? If someone walked up to you and said last week you were a completely different person, and that everything you know is a lie, who would ever believe that. There was exactly zero evidence of it too.

We didn’t remain at the hotel for too much longer. We’d both be expected home. The date had ended a few hours ago, and if we got home too late, mother would be angry. We both took a shower, although we didn’t fool around in the shower much. Just some light petting and kissing, barely anything. When the pair of us were cleaned up and dressed again, we left the motel room.

The windows to the rooms faced outside, and despite it being pretty late, a man was looking out his window at us, giving a dark look with his arms crossed. Behind him was a woman, who winked at me and gave Mackenzie a thumbs up. After everything that happened, this was the first time Mackenzie had grown embarrassed. Had she seriously not realized how loud she was being? Did she think the walls could completely obscure what we did? Finding out that she had been heard was an apparent deep emotional blow, and she held her head low the rest of the drive home.

When we pulled up into the driveway, Mackenzie turned off the car, but instead of opening her door, she turned to me instead.

“Noah, I love you.”

I blinked, giving a half-smile. “I love you too.”

She reached out and squeezed my leg. “I really love you. I know I’m helpless, but I love my little brother. I want to continue to have this relationship with you.”

“Okay…”

“Just okay?”

“Are you… going to go on another date with someone else?”

“I won’t!”

“Then, it’s fine.”

“What about you?”

“Hmm? What about me?”

“The other women?”

“Mackenzie…”

“I’m not asking if you will. I already know that answer.” Mackenzie chuckled, before turning away with an embarrassed look. “What I mean is… do you want any help?”

“Help?”

“I know some cute seniors who might want to… you know…”

My eyebrows rose. “You want to set me up?”

“O-only… if… if I get to watch.” Her expression turned red.

It seemed like just as things were getting back to normal, things would never be the same

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Announcement

Hey, I'm doing my big bi-annual survey. I do this twice a year, and usually don't get too much feedback from the public sector. I would like as many people to complete it as possible. This is how I make decisions on writing for the future, so if you have any interest in my work, please check it out. .

Another week passed by. I maintained my routine of cooking for the family when I got home. However, my grades were slipping, so I also focused more on my homework. Mom complained that Dawn wasn’t putting effort into getting into college herself, but at this point, Dawn had already dedicated herself to photography. I encouraged her and helped her out a bit, and in exchange, she helped me study a little. This usually made Mackenzie jealous, and then she would offer to help me study.

Somehow, this caused the twins to get involved, and they wanted to help me study too, even though they were a year younger. They said that would make things advantageous for everyone because we’d work as a group. I had a feeling the group activity they were planning would mostly focus on studying anatomy. Things got rowdy at home with all of my sisters fighting for my time, and my mom would offer that I go study at one of my girlfriend’s houses. However, whichever girlfriend it was, if I went, I’d just end up fucking someone. Abigail was a pervert and would come up with new or strange ways to take our relationship to the next step. Sam was more traditional, but her mom still wanted my dick.

One night, London even called and offered to take me to her place to study. She had been dealing with her breakup with Dan recently. Other than calling off the engagement, she needed to get a new place. Dan didn’t make things easy on her, even drunk dialing her and sending unsolicited dick pictures. Well, in this world, women ate those pictures up, but when you were trying to leave someone, it was a problem. When it became clear that London’s answer wouldn’t change, Dan turned from begging and crying to attacking.

He called London every name in the book and started telling her about all of his affairs. He even sent a picture of himself licking a girl’s pussy as a final fuck you. Suffice it to say that dealing with this while also preparing for her own doctor exams had caused London a great deal of stress, and she wanted to relieve said stress. Although I knew what she wanted, I felt sorry for my big sister and thus went over. As predicted, I spent half the night listening to her call Dan a bitch in as many ways as she could think of, and then the other half of the time having my cock until it was sore.

It was while she was napping, I found the pictures of Dan’s dick. I deleted them and then put pictures of my own dick in her phone in their place. It just felt like the right thing to do. Then, I stayed up late studying. I ended up passing out at London’s desk. When I woke up, I found she had picked me up and taken me to her bed. The next morning, she had made me breakfast in bed before I went to school and seemed much more chipper, so I had done my brotherly duties well.

When I got back, the other sisters were even worse. London had gotten a night, so all of my sisters wanted a piece of me. By the time Friday rolled around I was ready to flee the house. If my sisters had their way, they’d break my penis. There was only one sister that seemed to be left out of this. Although Bethany gave some longing looks, as the youngest sister, she didn’t get involved in the competition. After all, how could she justify helping me with my school work? If she wanted me to help her, the other girls would intervene, and one of the twins would end up being her helper.

That’s why on Friday, I was going to announce that I was going to go out on Saturday with Anna, although I hadn’t called Anna yet to confirm this, I was confident that she’d make herself available. Before I could open my mouth, Bethany spoke up.

“Noah… do you mind helping me out on Saturday?”

The dinner quieted up immediately and every eye fell on Bethany, who looked like she wanted to flee the room rather than face the looks of her older sisters.

“Huh? What for?” I asked.

“I’m… um… doing some volunteer work.” She spoke quietly with her head down. “I guess they’re short this Saturday, and I could use some help.”

I blinked. “I didn’t know you volunteered.”

Her cheeks turned pink for a second. “I just started last week.”

“Oh, that’s right, aren’t you helping to build a house?” Mom spoke up, nodding.

“Building a house?” Kelsey made a face. “Why would you build a house?”

“Maybe some people just want to help their fellow man.” Mackenzie shot her a glare.

Kelsey snorted. “More like she probably wants to build some muscles! However, why don’t you ask a girl for help.”

“None of you would say yes.” Bethany declared.

“Even if that’s true… asking a boy to work on a construction site is a little…”

“I’ll do it.” I declared if for no other reason than the direction Mackenzie’s statement was going.

Lately, I hadn’t been doing very many guy things. I meant guy things from my own point of view. It was starting to wear me down a bit. I knew I had changed a bit since I had come to this world. If I couldn’t act the part after all, then that could lead to some problems. I was never the sports-lover or a weightlifter kind of guy. Shoved into an estrogen-rich world, I kind of missed those endeavors. It’d be nice to get outdoors and do some heavy lifting for a change. Plus, as much as I loved my sisters, they could be a bit sexist sometimes.

I don’t know if my sisters had just got used to my stubbornness when I made a decision, but they didn’t push things very long. Mom thought it was a swell idea.

“I work just down the street from the spot. I’ll drop you guys off tomorrow morning.” Mom smiled. “Maybe we could get lunch together on my break.”

“You’re working?” I asked in surprise.

“Mom… another Saturday?” Mackenzie frowned.

Mom shrugged. “The boss asked, and we need the money. I had some money put away earlier, but I guess I didn’t put away as much as I thought…”

When she said that, something tugged at the edge of my conscious, but I didn’t dwell on it. Instead, I focused on busting the dishes. I managed to get my sisters to clean them, claiming I had schoolwork. That was a lie. I just wanted to be lazy. Since I was still exhausted from the long night with London, I ended up falling asleep early.

The next morning, I awoke to a knock on my door. I looked over at the alarm clock to see it was six in the morning. That was far too early. I ignored the knock and fell back, pretending to still be asleep. The other reason I didn’t say anything was that I was having a sex dream the previous night. I couldn’t remember the details, but as soon as I woke up, I started getting morning wood. At the very least, I had to wait for it to calm down.

I expected them to either keep knocking or go away, depending on how much they wanted me. If they kept knocking, I would have eventually given in, but if they went away then I won some extra time to sleep. At least, that’s how I saw it. So, I was surprised when I heard the door click open. My eyes were closed, but I could feel the light peeking through from the hallway before the door closed quietly with a click.

“Noah…” A voice lightly called.

It was Bethany. It was only at that moment that I remembered I agreed to go with her and mom for that volunteer work. It was construction, so they probably started early in the morning. Damn. If that was the case, then I did need to get up. I had not been hoping to sleep in, but I had agreed, getting myself into this situation. I was just about to open my eyes and speak when I heard Bethany’s light footsteps moving across the bedroom towards me.

She didn’t call my name or try to wake me up. I was really curious about what she was doing. Was she trying to steal something? If that was the case, I would catch her in the act. My curiosity got the better of me, and I loosened my face, trying to appear like I was sleeping. I could feel Bethany at my side, and I was pretty sure she leaned over the bed to look at my face. Finally, I felt her take a step away. I still didn’t know what she was up to, but if I opened my eyes I’d probably freak her out.

That’s when I felt a small hand wrap around the tent in my blanket. My eyes nearly popped open. She hesitated slightly because of my reaction, but I tried to calm myself and appear like I was still sleeping. I had forgotten I had that, or rather in the dark, I didn’t think Bethany would see it. Yet, not only did she notice, but she came to my bed and grabbed it. I could feel her hands touching it and poking it playfully. She was acting like a monkey who just got a new toy… or maybe a boy who was getting to play with a girl’s boobs for the first time. Hey, that boy had been me not too long ago, so I probably shouldn’t look down on such brave soldiers.

As I didn’t react and kept my breathing normally, my sister’s movements grew bolder. She started to gently stroke her fingers up and down the shaft. Her touch was a bit light for a handjob, but it was enough that soon I had a real stiffy and not just morning wood. Her teasing went on for several minutes, and it was turning me on. This was alright, right? My little sister was the only sister I had yet to violate. Given her age in middle school, I didn’t want to corrupt her purity. However, she went into my bed and she was touching me. All I was doing was not letting her know I was catching on. It was a victimless crime in this case, right?

“MMm… Abby… don’t stop…” I moaned, smacking my lips like I was asleep.

My sister’s hands snapped away from my cock at hearing my words. I nearly let out a laugh at that. I waited cautiously to see if the bait worked. After a minute of me still pretending to sleep, Bethany lifted my blanket slightly, and her hand went on the inside. She grabbed my dick again, this time just through my underwear, and she started to jack me off harder.

I had used Abby’s name because she knew Abby to be my girlfriend. She must be thinking I was sleeping and was having a dirty dream of Abby. The dream I had earlier hadn’t been of any of my sisters or girlfriends at all, but that wasn’t what was important. What was important is that she thought I was lost in Lalaland, and everything I was experiencing externally I would only think was a dream.

Emboldened by my feint, she started to move her wrist hard. She was clumsy and a bit rough, but the whole situation was enough to turn me on, and her actions were quickly causing me to start panting. I couldn’t control my breathing anymore, but at this point, she was convinced I was out of it, or maybe in her own horniness she didn’t care. I was getting extremely close. I was about to cum thanks to my little sister’s handiwork.

“Beth! Did you get Noah up yet?” A voice cried out.

Bethany jumped, her hand darting out of my pants as she stumbled back. She seemed to run into something loud. I was instinctively worried she got hurt or broke something, so my eyes snapped open and I looked at her. She had fallen back against my dresser but just managed to keep herself from falling to the ground. She was staring at me like a deer in headlights.

I immediately squinted my eyes and then rubbed them. “S-sister?”

“Mom says get up! We’re going soon!” Beth cried out, nearly too loud, before turning and racing from the room.

When the door slammed behind her, I could hear mom yelling at her not to slam doors so early in the morning. I leaned back and laughed. I wasn’t even mad I didn’t get to finish. My perverted little sister was the cutest.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Bethany had fled the room, I forced myself out of my bed and quickly got dressed. If we were leaving early, then I needed to look my best. I stiffened as that thought came to me. What did I need to look my best for? I was going to a construction site to do construction. I needed this day. I was going to lose all of my man cards if I didn’t start acting better. Feeling slightly depressed, I left my bedroom and headed to the kitchen.

Mom was sitting there on her phone while eating a pop tart. She was still in her bathrobe, so we couldn’t have been in that big of a hurry.  Wait, now that I paid attention, Bethany was still in her pajamas as well. D-did the pair of them wake me up because they thought I’d take a long time to get ready? Mom did look a bit surprised when I walked into the kitchen so early. Were they expecting me to do my hair and put on makeup?

Bethany was sitting at the table, but after her actions earlier, she had her head lowered and a frightened expression hidden behind her hair. For a moment, I felt kind of powerful. If I said a word of what happened, Mom would punish Bethany to high heavens. Knowing this world, she’d probably kick Bethany’s ass.

Bethany, the old Bethany, had accused me of being a pervert on her several times. She claimed that I stole her underwear, and once mom had even found a pair of her underwear in my drawer. That time was a mess. It was to the point where mom sat me down once and warned me. Mackenzie and the others all looked at me like I was a miscreant just about to molest my innocent sister. I had believed up until that point that her underwear had just stuck to one of my pieces of clothing by accident. Behind the back of all of the glaring girls, I had seen Bethany stick her tongue out at me.

She had planted that piece of underwear in my room! I couldn’t prove it, and maybe my original guess was right, but I still always wondered. That wasn’t the only time Bethany had done such things, but it was the final straw. That was also the time I started closing myself off in my room and avoiding my sisters. Suffice it to say, having things be on the other foot, where I caught Bethany acting like a little pervert and having the ability to do something about it felt satisfying.

Relax, it was just a thought. Just because I had the power didn’t mean I would utilize it. Rather, Bethany was far too cute. It made me want to tease her further.

“Mother.” I declared, causing Bethany to nearly jump out of her seat.

“What is it?’ Mother replied, not looking up from her phone.

“I have to tell you something about Bethany,” I responded.

“Ah!” Bethany’s face turned to horror and panic.

“Huh? What’s that?” Mother asked, still not paying enough attention to see Bethany’s panic.

“Bethany and I are going to marry!”

“M-marry!?” Bethany fell back in a panic.

Mother cocked an eyebrow. “Oh? Why’s that?”

“Isn’t it because she’s far too cute? My only choice is the marry her.”

“C-cute…” Bethany’s expression was completely lost as if she had no clue what was going on.

Mother caught on a bit quicker and had a slightly amused expression. “I thought boys liked an older woman. Isn’t your little sister a bit young?”

I shook my head. “Younger is cuter.”

“Heh… so you’re a cradle robber then.” She chuckled. “Her tits haven’t even popped out yet and you want her? Have her pubes even grown in?”

“Th-they have!” Bethany cried out angrily, and when we both looked at her, she looked down again. “I mean… there is a little hair…”

Mother burst out laughing as she refills her cup of coffee. “A little hair? What are you even saying?”

“Mooooom.” Bethany was mortified, her face bright red, but Mom was merciless.

When she turned back around, she flung open her bathrobe. She wasn’t wearing anything underneath, and my mother’s naked body was shown before me. She was still a rather fit woman. Her large breasts sagged a bit. Since she had just been talking about pubic hair, my eyes immediately went to that. Like a deer in headlights, I couldn’t look away from my mom’s crotch.

“What are you doing?” Bethany cried out in a shrill voice.

Mom didn’t cover herself. Rather, she put her foot up on the seat, spreading her robe more and giving the pair of us a look. I could see everything. I didn’t realize how erotic my mother looked. Maybe it was because I had slept with other older women like my teacher and Samantha’s mom, or maybe it was because I had gotten used to banging my sisters, but she was pretty hot. She was shaved, but it was a fairly thick and dark bush, although neatly trimmed.

“Behold, someday, this will all be yours!” She announced.

“I don’t want to see that!” Bethany cried.

I managed to finally pull my eyes away. “Mom, I’m your son!”

“Aren’t you the one talking about marriage? Since you’ve prepared your heart, I’ve decided to just give you a glimpse at your future!”

Mom laughed, even bouncing up and down slightly so her tits bounced. Only then did she cover herself back up. She gave us both a thumbs up, and then walked from the room with her cup of coffee in hand, heading to the bathroom of all places!

Bethany shot me a glare as if her trauma was all my fault. I could only return a sympathetic look. I had tried to tease my little sister using mom, and in the end, mom had destroyed us both.

The next time I saw mom, she was already completely dressed. It was only about five minutes later, but she had done up her hair, jewelry, and got dressed. She was so fast! I recalled my mother working tirelessly all morning to be presentable for work, but she went from her robes to her full outfit in minutes, while drinking a coffee and using the toilet! That was all kind of gross. Women from this world were shameless!

Bethany was even faster. I turned my head and when I looked back, she was in her normal clothing again. Since I got ready as quickly as they had, we ended up leaving a bit early. Mom was in a good mood, while Bethany had turned silent after our morning display. At least, after Mom gave us an eyeful, Bethany’s previous touching seemed almost juvenile in comparison. Maybe I had gone a bit too far trying to tease her. I was still getting used to this. It was still exhilarating being able to say things that once would have gotten me punched.

The drive took about fifteen minutes, and then we were pulling up in front of a construction site for a small home. There were already two women on site. I was slightly surprised that I didn’t see any men. This was a habitat for humanity thing, so women and men could attend.

“I’m just at that building down the street.” Mom pointed for reference, although she had already pointed it out when she passed by it to drop us off here. “I’ll see you around noon, okay?”

“Yeah, okay…” Bethany seemed like she didn’t want to deal with Mom at all.

She was probably still sour about earlier. I waved goodbye to mom and then followed Bethany up to the two waiting. I was new to this and she’d supposedly been here once already, so I decided it was best to follow her lead.

There were two women. One of them had tattoos all up her arm and a nose ring, and she was wearing a white wife-beater. She was maybe a year or two older than me. The other was an older woman, although still younger than my mom. She had a more mature look to her. When she saw the pair of us, her expression fell.

“Is that all we got today?” She asked. “I guess we won’t be getting much done.”

“I brought help!” Bethany declared.

“Bringing your boyfriend doesn’t help.” The tattooed girl declared. “Didn’t you say you had a bunch of strong older sisters?”

“He-he’s not my boyfriend!” Bethany declared and then blushed. “He’s my big brother.”

“Really?” The woman looked me up and down in a very obvious way. “And how are you, sweetie.”

Bethany shot her a glare but didn’t say anything in response.

“Leave it…” The other woman rolled her eyes. “They’re volunteers doing this out of their free will, unlike a delinquent case with community service like you!”

“Shit… I wouldn’t waste my weekend doing this crap if I had a choice.” She snorted. “I’d be spending all night getting drunk and pounding dick.”

These were the kinds of people Bethany was hanging out with? This was getting me kind of worried. I was glad her bully problem had been taken care of, but I didn’t expect her to then start hanging out with delinquents. Although she was kind of sexy in an exotic bad girl way, I didn’t want her to bully my sister.

“We’ve got what we got this weekend.” The woman spoke up. “Just so you know, I’m the project leader. I tell you what to do, you do it. Okay?”

I nodded. “Okay.”

Bethany nodded and said the same, even though she had already been here once or twice.

“Alright, then, I’m going to have you two carry the heavy stuff over. Pull all of the stuff off my truck and bring it over there.” The two she pointed to were Bethany and the tattooed girl.

“Whatever.” The girl said before walking over and picking up a wood plank with one hand.

“What do you want me to do?” I asked.

“Ah…” The girl looked awkward for a second. “Don’t worry, there is plenty of stuff that could use a man’s touch. Just wait a bit and I’ll get you working on something.”

I frowned slightly. I felt like this was a bit sexist. Why had Bethany brought me here anyway if they weren’t going to put me to work? I turned to Bethany, but she had already taken off after the tattooed woman. Bethany ran over to the truck and tried to grab a similar piece, but it was quickly obvious that she wasn’t strong enough.

The tattooed girl reached past her and grabbed another piece. As she walked by, she gave my little sister a sneer. I could see a bit of anger and frustration on my sister’s face. She managed to just get the beam up over the bed of the truck, but she immediately stumbled slightly, and looked like a breeze could knock her down. The project leader was at the hood of her truck, writing some paperwork, and wasn’t paying attention even as Bethany’s wood plank teetered on hitting her truck.

Worried that she’d cause damage, I ran up and grabbed the end. “Come on, I’ll help.”

“I can do it!” Bethany declared, halfway to tears. “Th-these pieces are just a bit bigger than last week.”

I frowned slightly as she snapped at me. What was that about? As I thought about it though, I started to realize what was going on.

Did Bethany bring me here to show off? Thinking back a few weeks ago, didn’t she say something like she had wanted to become a real woman for me? Is that why she started construction work? Was she trying to impress me? I guessed her plans didn’t go the way that she expected. This morning, I had called her a cute girl, and then mom made fun of her undeveloped body. Now, she wasn’t even able to move the pieces, and there was that muscular tattooed girl who was showing her up completely.

“Heh, why don’t you let your big brother help you?” The tattooed girl declared as she passed by, causing Bethany to stiffen further.

After some effort, Bethany managed to get the piece over, but the other girl had moved three pieces effortlessly in the same amount of time.

I realized that I couldn’t handle things the same way as I expected. I was treating her like my little sister. For my older sisters who were already finished with puberty, they were comfortable enough with themselves that perhaps my behavior never bugged them. However, I had been treating my little sister like she was just a kid. From a man’s point of view, I was completely emasculating her!

Now that I realized the problem, how was I going to make things right?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I had been worried about regaining my own masculinity by doing some physical labor. I hadn’t worked out much lately, and I was sure my testosterone levels were dropping too. I expected a day at a construction site would give me exactly what I needed. Of course, nothing in life seemed to ever work out quite how I expected. Not only was the volunteer director kind of sexist and only wanted to give me easy jobs, but it turned out my adorable and slightly perverted little sister had wanted to show off, and my tendency to keep seeing her as my cute little sister caused her some upset.

My mind was working furiously trying to switch situations. What kind of situation would I want to be in with my sisters where I could show off for them? My mind naturally went to the damsel in distress trope. It was an oldy, but it worked for a reason. I had already attempted to pull it off once with Mackenzie, although the point then wasn’t to appear manly but to get my sister to choose me. That had ended up being both a failure and a success. I had learned Mackenzie actually was turned on by the idea of me sleeping with others, and who knew how our future relationship would change because of it.

That said, I wasn’t sure if I wanted to use such a method again. Besides, there weren’t any girls I could trust at the moment. I could call Dawn and ask her if her theater friends were still available, although they flaked on me once already and this was very short notice. I had a feeling if I followed this route, I wouldn’t have any success.

Smack!

I jumped as I felt a hand slap my ass. Turning around, I saw the tattooed girl who I had learned was named Rory walking by. She shot me a look. Then, she brought her fist up to her mouth and rocked it up and down in front of her mouth while pushing her tongue against her cheeks. She winked at me, and then kept walking by. That was as clear of an offer as I had ever seen. Thankfully, after having experienced such things so many times now, I recovered rather quickly.

A few weeks ago, I would have fretted over it for hours. I had come to realize it was just a thing girls did in this world. I supposed it was casual sexual assault but was it worth throwing up a stink? At best, it’d embarrass my sister and make things harder on me. I decided to stop thinking about such things and return to the job I had been doing. The reason she had managed to slap me like that was that I was standing aimlessly while thinking about my sister rather than working.

It wasn’t like the work I had been given was that illuminating. The volunteer coordinator, a woman by the name of Janice, merely asked me to sort out the screws and nails. Seriously, she had me sorting stuff. I had wanted to protest, but I realized that such a low concentration task would give me time to dwell on my sister’s problem. Plus, I didn’t want to accidentally show her up by showing I was stronger than her.

I still wasn’t quite sure how this world rectified the situation where men were stronger and faster than women. Sports were dominated by women, and even though men scored higher and performed better, it was seemingly ignored. After all, while our behaviors were different, some parts of biology, like testosterone, couldn’t be removed. I supposed it was a worldwide equivalent of letting women win to make them happy or something. With a sigh, I returned to my work of putting the different sized screws and nails into their respective bins.

“Noah!” I heard my sister shout.

I turned to her and nearly dropped the bucket of screws in my hand. She had tied up her shirt, exposing her midriff. She had also apparently brought some shorts and had replaced her jeans for a pair of rather provocative, tight shorts. Her body was slightly sweaty, and while her hair was tied in a ponytail, a bit of it had fallen loose and was sticking to her cheek. Her skin had a sun-kissed look to it. Too much more sun and she might get burned.

I shook off the effect of my cute little sister in such a naughty appearance. When did construction girls look so sexy? I didn’t want any other men to see her that way. I had to remind myself that this was another world, and men acted more like women. Then I remembered how romance books seemed to ogle men in such blue-collar roles, and I felt less excited about it.

“What is it?” I asked.

“Can you help me with this?” She asked, a flash of eagerness in her eyes.

Was she trying to use the opportunity to show off? Either way, didn’t it allow me to admire her? I realized I had been thinking about this much too hard. I didn’t need some grand gesture to make my sister feel appreciated. I just needed to let her win. By that, I mean I needed to help her out, but act like I didn’t know what I was doing. Struggle to carry things and ask her to help. Call the hammer a thingamabob. This was a case where the more useless I acted, the more my sister could show off!

I stood up with a smile on my face. I had finally come to an acceptable solution. That smile fell open a second later as an arm wrapped around her shoulder.

“Don’t bother the little man, I’ll help you, kid!” Rory had shown up with a grin on her face.

The part that had caused me to freeze was that she had seemingly taken off her shirt. She was now standing there with just pants on. Her breasts were on full display. This wasn’t the first time I had caught women shirtless, but I still hadn’t grown to a point where I could brush it off. Her chest was completely flat, but she did have a nipple ring. In fact, when she grabbed Bethany, she had grabbed her in such a way that Bethany’s cheek was pushed against her chest. Bethany’s expression looked completely defeated.

I could only look on with regret as Rory turned Bethany around and helped her lift some drywall. Naturally, Rory did the majority of the work, as if she knew Bethany’s intentions and was deliberately stepping on them for her own enjoyment. Bethany gave me one longing look, but then she became too busy as Rory started bossing her around. I sat back down and continued my work, hoping there might be a chance later in the day to act again

Another hour passed when a voice came from behind me. “Hey, Noah, right?”

I looked back to see Janice standing there. Unlike the other two girls, she was wearing an acceptable amount of clothing. She had a big button-up plaid shirt on, thick construction gloves, and a hard hat.

“Why don’t you go on and take your lunch?” She offered.

“O-oh… is that okay?” I asked, checking my watch.

It was a bit early. I had plans with mom, but I was about thirty minutes earlier than we had planned to meet.

“Yeah, it’s fine. It’s not like we’re paying you, so take as much time as you want. Don’t work yourself too hard.”

“Okay…”

I hadn’t done any work at all. I watched as she turned away, a slightly irritated look on my face.

“Oh,” She spoke up again, turning back as I hastily removed the expression on my face. “I just wanted to say that it is great seeing a boy take an interest in this kind of thing. Keep at it, tiger.”

She turned away as if she had said something truly encouraging. Thankfully, she didn’t see my expression fall. I didn’t know if I should cry or roll my eyes. I swore that the world wasn’t this bad. There were women construction workers. It stood to reason that there would be male workers too. In fact, given biology, there should be more male workers! I wasn’t some endangered species and I was breaking any glass ceilings! I was just here to indulge my little sister. Is that so hard to accept?

Speaking of which, I went to find my sister immediately. She was nailing the drywall to a frame when she noticed me approaching. She lifted her hear noise-cancellation headphones. Actually, with the headphones and glasses on, all of the manly sex appeal she had been trying to muster was completely gone. I narrowly managed to keep from laughing at her adorable appearance.

“Ready for lunch?”  I asked.

“Oh, right, um… su-”

“Hey, we’re still busy, kid. You have two more walls to put up before lunch!” Rory appeared and instantly cockblocked us.

“I-I can do that after…” Bethany tried to muster up the courage to refuse.

“What? Are you going to be lazy?” Rory snorted. “You can play lunch with your boyfriend later!”

Bethany had a look of humiliation, her face red. “He-he’s not my boyfriend.”

“It’s fine.” I cut in before they could break into a fight. “I’ll just help you finish up, and then we can go together.”

If I left now, I’d probably just end up inconveniencing mom anyway. Plus, it had still been my plan to look impressed for my sister and boost her ego. This would be my chance. That’s what I was hoping, but after a few moments, Bethany made a face and shook her head.

“I really should get this done. You go on ahead. I’ll meet you later.”

“Really?” I frowned.

“Yeah…” Her eyes flickered to Rory uncertainly. “It’s no big deal… ah! How about this?”

She bent down into a tool bag and after rustling for a bit, she pulled something out and handed it to me. I grabbed it and looked at it curiously. It was a small walkie-talkie. I looked back at her with a questioning look.

“It’s so you can tell me where you end up going to eat so I can meet you there.”

“Oh, um… I mean, mom can come pick you up…” When I saw the look on her face, I realized she probably didn’t want Rory to her mom or call her kid. “That’s fine. I’ll signal you when we go.”

Bethany relaxed and nodded. “They have super long range. I’ll keep one on me at all times, so just call me if you need me.”

Before I left, I made sure that they were both set to the same channel and that I was able to successfully call Bethany. I had tried to make it like I was technologically inept so that my little sister would have a chance to show off. It turned out that my sister didn’t understand technology at all! I tried to get her to talk about the channels several times before I gave up and just asked her. Then, she had given me a blank look like she had no clue what I was talking about.

My sister had believed walkie-talkies just worked like magic and didn’t know anything about them. I had a feeling Rory was shooting smug smirks in our direction as I set up the walkie-talkies properly so we could contact each other. Bethany didn’t get too embarrassed there. Thankfully, she didn’t seem to see such a thing as a girl thing. Maybe, it was because it was a communication device, like a smartphone, and women, or rather men in this world, were notorious for being glued to such devices.

Either way, I left the construction site without my sister and a bit early. In some ways, it might be good that I’d have a chance to talk to mom without Bethany present. Maybe I could talk to her about Bethany’s problem. She might have some advice, being a woman in this world and all, she should understand things best. She’d probably just laugh it off or something though. I’d make her keep her mouth shut about that conversation.

I headed down the street, and it wasn’t long before I was standing in front of my mother’s office.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I walked into the office building of mom’s work. Through the glass doors was a lobby with a reception area. Behind the front desk was a man with a headphone/speaker set. He seemed to be taking calls. Since he was busy, I ignored him. However, I immediately noticed a problem.  I hadn’t asked my mother which floor she was on. As for the name of her business, it was… um… Fukami… no… Fandok… eh… I didn’t know that either.

It was a medical supply place. All I knew was that her job involved the distribution of certain medical devices to hospitals and doctor’s offices. I walked over to the list of businesses on the wall next to the elevator, hoping one of them refreshed my memory. I wasn’t so lucky, and after a minute of looking, I still didn’t know where to go.

“Hey, sweetie, do you need any help?”

The receptionist had finished their phone conversation and had called out to me. I ignored the chill that went up my spine over a guy calling me sweetie. I had to remind myself this was a normal thing in this world. If a man called you sweetie, he was just being nice. If a woman called you sweetie, she was probably trying to get in your pants, unless she was your mother. I turned to him and smiled. I did need his help, unfortunately.

“I’m here to visit my mother. Um… I don’t remember where she works.” I admitted.

“Oh, poor dear.” He pursed his lips. “I might be able to help if you can give me their name.”

“Sure.”

I gave him our last name and he typed in the computer for a bit. “Ah… it looks like they’re on the third floor. You can just head on up. It’s suite 301.”

“Thank you,” I said, taking the information he had written on the back of a card.

I pressed the button and awkwardly fled the lobby where the guy was still smiling at me sweetly. Men in this world smiled far too much. It probably wouldn’t have bothered me so much if their smiles didn’t come off so phony. It didn’t bother me when it was women acting this way, but the more I dealt with the fakeness of men, the more I started to dislike them. The few guys I had dealt with, namely the ones dating my sisters, had all been bastards. Wait! Was this why women were always catty to each other in my world?

I decided not to think about it too much. I didn’t have a lot of male friends even when men were men. It was probably just something I was carrying over from before the change. I checked the card. It turned out the name of the business was Diremon Meds. I wasn’t even close.

The elevator door opened and I ended up in a long-carpeted hallway. I quickly found the suite, which opened up into a surprisingly large office space. Most of it was open concept, with cubicles and desks scattered around, but there were also a few closets and offices in the back. Overall, the place mom worked was surprisingly large.

The office was mostly empty, but that made sense as it was a Saturday. My eyes gravitated immediately in a certain direction because I could hear someone yelling. They appeared to be in one of the side office rooms, so I couldn’t hear the words clearly, but their muffled words sounded angry. I cautiously walked in that direction. I didn’t want to interrupt someone, especially someone who was in an argument, but I wanted to make sure that guy told me the right office room. As I approached the yelling became clearer, and I noticed the door was wide open.

“Don’t waste any more of my time with that bullshit!” I heard a woman yell just as my eyes landed on my mother.

“Yes, ma’am.” Mother responded docile, although her expression was filled with thunderclouds.

She wasn’t the one yelling, but the one being yelled at. She was standing there with her eyes open staring straight ahead as another woman was berating her. As if she could feel my eyes on her, she immediately glanced in my direction. When she saw me, her head turned and her eyes widened. I couldn’t see them from my place outside the doorway, but they must have noticed mom’s action.

“What are you looking at? Who is it?” The person in the room snapped.

I shouldn’t have come up. It turned out I saw my mother being yelled at by her boss, and also caught their attention. I could cause a lot of trouble for her. I regretted it immediately.

“I-I’m sorry…” Mom’s attention snapped back to her boss. “It’s my son.”

“Son?”

Should I say anything or let mom handle it? In the end, I decided to step forward and part my head in the door. Part of the reason for this was simply because I wanted to see this person who was screaming at my mom. They gave me an immediate bad impression of them. I looked in to see a woman sitting behind her desk. I was surprised to see she was younger than my mom. She was a blond-haired woman in a dress suit. She regrettably wasn’t ugly, although she had a slim physique and sort of reminded me of a lawyer.

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt.” I apologized, hoping that this would keep mom from getting into more trouble.

The woman’s eyes fell on me, and then the frown on her face disappeared. It was followed immediately by one of those fake smiles. At least, in this case, it wasn’t plastered to some guy’s face, although I found it strangely creepy when it came from this girl, especially after I had just heard her yelling at mom.

“Oh? I’m sorry. I didn’t know you had a son? Didn’t you have daughters?”

“I-I have six daughters. This is my only son.” Mother declared, her words coming off just a bit stiff.

“Oh?” Her smile increased. “Well, you have a very cute son. I’m your mother’s boss, Ms. Dean.”

“Hello,” I responded, feeling just as awkward as my mother. “Um… Noah.”

“Noah, what a cute name.” She winked at me. “What are you doing here today, Noah?”

“It’s my fault!” I said a bit too fast. “Um… I’m volunteering nearby and wanted to have lunch with mom. I’m a bit early though.”

“Early? Nah…” She laughed as if he made a joke. “You’re absolutely fine. Your mother can take her lunch early.”

“Really?” Mom sounded surprised.

“Of course! How can I let you stand up such a fine little gentleman as this? Where are you volunteering?”

I glanced at mom, but she didn’t give me any indication, so I just remained truthful. “I’m helping build a house down the street with my little sister.”

“Building a house? Ai… young boys these days working like that. I’m more of a traditional girl. I like a man who stays at home and cooks for me.

“I can cook.” I didn’t know why I said that so defensively.

“Oh?” She raised an eyebrow at my mom. “Looks like you’ve been raising your son right… even though you’re husband left you.”

“I do my best,” Mom responded shortly. “I will get those reports to you once I get back from lunch.”

Ms. Dean smiled. “Take your time.”

Mom turned to me and grabbed my hand, practically yanking me out the door. She dragged me a few aisles over where there was a desk. I immediately noticed images on it. The images were of our family, however, I noticed that more than half of the images were of me! She had six daughters, but her one son made up the majority of the images. I didn’t know what to say to that. Mom quickly signed out of her computer and quickly grabbed her coat and things. She seemed agitated.

“I’m sorry.” I immediately apologized.

Mom looked up at me and then blinked. “Honey, you did nothing wrong. Rather, I’m sorry you had to see that.”

“It’s fine,” I responded. “Rather, your boss…”

“She a scumbag.” Her eyes narrowed, but a second later she rose on her tippy toes and looked around, making sure that her boss didn’t hear before coughing. “Ah… just ignore her. She’s my problem to deal with.”

I wasn’t very comfortable with some random person yelling or berating my mom, but there didn’t seem to be much that I could do about it. Trying to see it from a man’s perspective, I decided the best thing to do was not remind her of it. If she was like a guy, then she wanted to handle it herself and didn’t want others to get involved with her problem.

“Where are we going to eat?”

“Oh… I don’t know. There is a small Chinese place across the street. They have decent soup. Mm! That’s right, where is your sister?”

“Ah!” I grabbed the walkie-talkie from my pocket just to make sure I still had it. “Um, she got caught with work. They let me go early, but she said she’d let me know what she was available.”

“Oh…” Mom responded simply. “Well, I guess it’s good she’s working hard. Not like that lazy Kristy.”

“That’s true.” I nodded in agreement.

Kristy did like to lie around all day if she had the chance. She finished packing up and after clicking off her monitor, she led the way out of the office with familiarity.

“Speaking of which, why didn’t you just call me on my cellphone. I would have come pick you up at the site.” When I gave her a flat look, she chuckled. “You just wanted to see your mommy at work, huh?”

That wasn’t exactly it. I did think of calling her, but I was worried that I would get her in trouble if I called while she was busy. She had once lectured us to only use her number at work if it was an emergency. Plus, I had a distinct feeling that Bethany didn’t want to see her mom at all. She probably wasn’t going to come to lunch with us at all. I didn’t know why, but I had that feeling. The elevator took us down to the lobby, and as we were walking to the door, a voice called out.

“Oh? This is your mother?” He sounded surprised.

“Hmm?” Mom turned. “Oh, Steven, hi!”

“H-hello…” He responded, looking away slightly.

“Did you help my son earlier?”

“Um… yeah… I didn’t recognize your name before, so I probably wasn’t much help.” He responded sheepishly, rubbing the back of his neck.

“It’s fine. He was able to find me just fine.” She declared, patting my shoulder. “Well, see you later.”

“Y-you’re leaving?” He held out a hand like he was surprised by this.

“I’m taking my son to lunch,” Mom responded. “Just across the street.”

“Oh, is that Won’s? I’ve never been there.” He bit his lip. “I’d love for a girl to take me there some time.”

Mom laughed. “Well, I’m sure there are tons of women dying to take a guy like you out.”

“You think?” He looked at mom in a way I didn’t like at all.

“Of course!” Mom gave him a big smile, and he blushed.

“Th-then… I’ll wait eagerly.”

Mom gave him a wave and then continued out the door. As soon as we were on the sidewalk, I shot her a look.

“What was that?”

“Hm?” She glanced back at me. “What was what?”

“Why were you flirting with that guy?” I demanded.

“Huh?” She blinked. “We weren’t flirting.”

“That was flirting! He was all over you!”

“He’s half my age! He probably just thinks I’m some old woman.” Mom declared.

“Are you kidding me? All that talk about wanting to go out? He was practically begging you to ask him.”

Mom seemed to think the conversation was funny and only laughed. “Maybe your mom can still kick it with the gentlemen, eh?”

“Mom!”

“Although, it has been a long time.”

“Mooooom!”

She wrapped her arms around me and hugged me, still chuckling. “Relax. You’re the only man in my life.”

Although she said that, I was still concerned. If she really wasn’t having such urges, could I accept her being with another guy? If she needed such things taken care of, would I need to be the one to do it?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“It looks like Bethany isn’t coming.” I sat down after finishing radioing her outside.

I had worried that I wouldn’t get a signal inside, so I had sent mom in to get a seat while I let Bethany know where we were. I had to buzz her three times before she finally answered, and when she did, she responded that she was too busy and decided to skip lunch. She told me I should just eat with mom alone. She sounded slightly irritated over the radio, so I was a bit worried.

“It’s no problem.” Mom smiled, standing up slightly until I sat down. “I get to go on a date with my precious son alone. How could I not be happy?”

“Mom…”

I really couldn’t take some of the things she said sometimes. It was embarrassing hearing that stuff from my mom. It made me feel like I was still a kid, rather than a teenager. I was grown up now. I had sex with tons of girls and was even dating a few. Well, I wouldn’t say that part to my mother, but the point was there. I didn’t want my mom referring to our actions as a date.

Yeah, when I had first gotten to this world, I had flirted with my mom a bit too much. I had even bordered on inappropriate. However, that was when I first came to this world. I was getting used to the way things worked, and I was just testing out some things. It wasn’t like I was planning to seriously pursue my mother. There was a big difference between my sisters and my mother. If I was being honest, I wasn’t sure if I was more scared that she’d accept my advances or refuse them.

Mom only laughed at my embarrassment, seeming to find it funny.

“I mean it though.” She recovered from her laughter and then took on a more serious look. “I haven’t had enough time to spend with you. I feel like my little boy is growing up far too fast. You’re taking an interest in girls, and sometimes I worry that you might be making bad decisions.”

Bad decisions? I wondered what bad decisions she meant? I had a few regrets, but overall, I wouldn’t say I was unhappy with the choices I made. I was closer to my sisters. I had two girlfriends who were sort of okay with each other and even a third girl on the side. My grades were doing well, especially in a certain class. The last few weeks had been great. Had it only been a few weeks? It felt like I had lived in this world forever now.

“You don’t need to worry, Mom. I’m doing fine.” I assured her. “I’m happy.”

She looked at me carefully, but she slowly nodded. “As long as you stay safe… then I won’t say anything.”

The way she worded that worried me slightly. Did she know I was having sex? What else should I stay safe about? How much did mom know?

I didn’t have much time to dwell on it as a young girl approached us to take our order. She was Chinese, and probably not much older than me. She gave me a friendly smile.

“What would you like?” She spoke with a heavy accent.

“I’ll have the Moo Shu Pork.” Mom cut in, giving the woman a stern look.

The girl shot mom a look but then smiled at me again. “And you? What can I do for you?”

“Oh… um…” I picked up my menu and found a dish I usually ordered and pointed to it.

“Oh, good choice. Today, it’s on the house.”

“Really?”

“For cute boys.”

“Cool.”

She winked at me, and then walked away, ignoring my mom who was staring daggers at her.

“The nerve of that slut.” Mom growled.

I coughed. “Uh… mom?”

“Going to hit on my son right in front of me? She’s looking to get her ovaries cut out.”

I blinked, and then when I came to a realization, it was my turn to give her a smug look. “Are you jealous?”

“Jealous?” Mom frowned. “I’m on a date with my son and this little twat is going to start hitting on him. Why shouldn’t I be angry?”

“We got a free meal?” I offered.

“Is she implying I can’t afford to feed my son?” Mom grumbled.

I let out a slightly uncomfortable laugh. I had to admit that it was still off being hit on at random. If mom hadn’t mentioned anything, I probably wouldn’t have even paid attention to it. Well, she called me cute which stood out, but when you weren’t expecting it, you didn’t think it meant anything.

“Relax, you’re the only woman in my life,” I repeated the line back to her she had used on me before we got here.

She barked a laugh. “As if I’d believe that. I know you’re leading several girls on. Your sisters do talk occasionally.”

“That’s not true,” I responded a tad too defensively.

“It’s fine. I’m not in a place to tell you how to date.” Mom shrugged. “I won’t bore you with antiquated stuff about sticking with one person. It’s normal for a young man to lead on a couple of suitors. Modern male rights and stuff like that.”

“I don’t think there is anything modern about suitors,” I responded helplessly.

“You are still a virgin though, right?”

“What?” I jerked, almost hitting my knee on the table.

“Sorry… I know you’re not supposed to ask that. I just want to think my baby boy is still pure.”

“P-pure, mom…”

“You’re right!” She lifted her hands. “Just forget I asked. Rather, I don’t want to know. I don’t want the blood on my hands.”

“Blood?”

“I just don’t want you to end up like your fath- like me.” She made a face. “I ended up marrying twice and having so many kids. Not that I don’t love you all! It’s just… I want you to have the future I never could.”

As mom said that, she was looking off into the distance as if lost in thought. I recalled dad’s appearance not too long ago. Mom had said that she had cheated on him, but it was dad who was acting, well, like that. A part of me had felt sorry for my dad, which was perhaps why I hadn’t said anything when he had shown up in our house.

Wait. Didn’t mom mention earlier that there was money missing and she was coming up short? I knew that something was nagging me, but it wasn’t until that moment that I realized what it was. Did dad steal from us? No, of course, he stole money from mom. Why else would he have snuck into our house? He had said it was a private matter, and I had been so eager to believe him, that I hadn’t even questioned it. I felt like an idiot. I felt used.

“Noah?” Mom noticed the face I was making.

I tried to smooth my expression immediately, but with mom’s current expression, I knew she wouldn’t let it go. I debated telling her some kind of lie. I could try to change the conversation. I could throw out a few cheap, flirtatious lines to try to cause her to grow flustered. I had a lot of options, but after a few moments, I let out a sigh.

“I ran into dad recently.” Such simple words, but they were difficult to get out.

Mom stiffened. “Y-your father. He’s… in town? Where?”

I bit my lip, forcing myself to continue now that I had started. “I ran into him at a club. A girl took me there, and so we hung out for a bit.”

Mom’s expression didn’t change, but when I didn’t say more, she finally gave a simple. “I see…”

“About a week ago, when I stayed home sick, I caught him sneaking in the house. He… he went into your room. He said he was just looking for something personal he had left behind!” By the time I was done, my eyes were closed.

I didn’t know how angry mom would be at me. I just knew that I had messed up. I had just wanted a chance to get closer to dad. In the end, I had kept this a secret from her, and she had every right to yell. As I waited for the berating with my eyes closed, I felt two hands grab me. I was pulled, my face ending up pressed between a pair of soft, round things. Mom squeezed my head tightly as she hugged me. It wasn’t until I lifted my head that I felt the warm liquid running down my cheeks onto her breasts and realized I was crying.

“Sweetie. It’s okay.” Mom looked down at me, a smile on her gentle face. “You didn’t do anything wrong.”

“I-I should have told you…”

“What son doesn’t keep secrets from his mommy.” She laughed. “It’s really fine. I might get some new locks, but it’s okay. I’m really happy you told me.”

“Mom, I…”

She put her finger on my lips. “Shhh… I love you. No matter what.”

I didn’t know what it was. Maybe it was the feel of her chest pressed against me. Maybe it was the familiar and calming smell. Maybe it was my emotional weakness, or my sadness over the state mother was in thanks to having to take care of us kids. Without consciously doing it, I raised my head and kissed her on the lips.

“Mm!” She made a noise of surprise as I kissed her.

My lips lingered there for some time. If I was a bit closer, I might have even ended up using my tongue. Her lips were warm and soft, and my mother smelled extremely good. When I pulled away, I finally allowed myself to open my eyes. Mom was staring at me with wide eyes, not unlike a deer in headlights.

“N-Noah…” She let out a hot breath.

“I love you, m-mommy.”

I stumbled over calling her that. It was a bit much, even for a guy as shameless as me.

“Haaaah…” She panted before shaking her head. “Get it together. Get it together. He’s your son.”

“Mom?” I pretended I didn’t hear the words muttered under her breath.

I didn’t know why I kissed her. I just felt like mom needed it, or maybe I needed it. I went to sit back, but it was only then that I realized she was still holding onto me. I blinked, and then I noticed she was staring at me. She had a slightly ravenous look, like a hungry wolf. I was shocked her appearance had suddenly grown so scary. Her hands were tightening, and for a second, I thought she was going to kiss me again.

“Mother…” I changed what I called her again.

As fast as it began, it ended. She let go, her previously dangerous expression disappearing behind a smile. She let out a laugh, scratching the back of her head.

“Ah… shit… you’re embarrassing your mom. Is it hot in here? I need a drink.” She pulled back to her side of the table quickly.

I noticed she was keeping her legs pressed together tightly and seemed out of breath. Maybe I had a greater effect on her than I had originally thought. Food came, and the server woman put the plates down with a bit more force than necessary. Did she see us kissing? She probably didn’t know we were mother and child. Since mom was dressed in business attire, from the outside with reversed roles, doesn’t it look like one of those married men who secretly takes his much younger mistress out for lunch?

“Is that all?” She asked coldly, now not even looking in my direction.

“Can I get a long island ice tea?” Mom was all smiles.

“Mom, your working!”

“Don’t worry so much? Do you want a drink?”

“Mom!”

“Haha… I’m kidding, I’m kidding!”

Mom acted strangely giddy the remainder of the dinner. She even waved it off when the waitress didn’t give us the free meal she had previously promised. The cute waitress didn’t even give me another look. I felt a bit depressed about that, but at least mom was happy. Not bad for our first date.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Although we didn’t have to walk far for lunch, mom wasn’t allocated too much time, so once she paid for the dinner we returned to her building. Since we were done, I was considering returning to the construction yard. Honestly, after spending an entire morning sorting screws, I was less enthused about returning. It looked like it’d be very hard to find public avenues where I could act manly in this world. Maybe I should join a sport? I could probably do alright given the temperament of other men.

“That’s right! There was something I’ve been meaning to give you. Can you come back up with me?” Mom asked as I was just about to split off from her.

“Sure…”

I didn’t know what mom was planning to give me, but I wouldn’t say no to a present. We took the elevator back to her floor and then got out. She led me to her desk once again and then opened up one of the drawers. She started fishing for something, which started to make me curious. She didn’t have much chance though as a voice barked out.

“You’re back.” Ms. Dean strolled out of her office. “Good, I need you to go to the copier and make a thousand copies of this.”

She slapped a sheet of paper on mom’s desk. Mom gave a weak and timid smile.

“Ms. Dean, you forgot. The copier machine is broken. The guy won’t come to fix it until Monday.” Mom responded helplessly.

“What? But I need those copies as soon as possible.” Ms. Dean frowned. “Fine, then go to the copy place down the street and get them made there.”

“Wh-what? Really?”

“This needs to happen now. Just fill in a sheet, the company will reimburse you.”

“Reimburse… but you didn’t reimburse me for that last time…”

“Last time? Are you talking about the coffee? You ordered a coffee for yourself, didn’t you? Just because you bought a drink for everyone at the meeting doesn’t mean that is a business expense!”

“R-right…”

“Hmph, just hurry.” Ms. Dean’s eyes flickered to me for a moment and then she turned around, stalking back into her room.

It looked like man or woman, bosses could be assholes in the workplace. I wanted to step up for my mom, but if I said anything I’d only be causing her more trouble. I didn’t like to see her being bullied at work, but weren’t most jobs like this? I didn’t look forward to it. Perhaps that was why, even in my old world, I had never bothered to get a job, even though it was somewhat expected of me.

Mom pulled something out of her desk and handed it to me. I looked down to find a framed picture. It consisted of the entire family. It was mom, me, and my six sisters. I remembered us getting this picture. No one wanted to be there, and we had given mom a lot of trouble. The girls didn’t want to be anywhere near me, and so I was standing slightly apart from them, my arms crossed, a displeased look on my face.

In this world, the image wasn’t different at all. I couldn’t pick out a single difference. That was the situation I had been in with my family a year before. Distant, aloof, and apart. That was in this world and the other world.

“Wh-why are you giving this to me?” I asked.

Mom shrugged. “You used to treat us all so coldly. Recently, you seemed to have come out of your shell. You started getting closer to your sisters.”

“Ah!” I made a noise, looking awkward.

I wasn’t just getting close to my sisters. I was getting a bit too close. I couldn’t stop my face from turning red.

“It’s okay. You don’t have to be embarrassed. You had no interest when we took it, but I just thought that you’d appreciate a picture like this now. I like to see you all closer together. You may think I’m too busy and don’t notice, but I notice a lot more than you think.”

I hoped she didn’t, but I gave a nod. “Thank you, mom.

“Get going!” A voice shouted from the boss’s room.

“Yes!” Mom shouted back, her cheeks flushing slightly.

“She’s really a pain,” I whispered.

“I know… but it’s a job.” Mom shrugged and then looked around conspicuously for a second before leaning close. “Before you head back, take a soda from the breakroom. They’re supposed to be for employees, but I don’t want you getting dehydrated. Besides, they owe us.”

She winked at me, and then made a show of leaving the office room. I decided that I probably would get pretty thirsty now that the noon sun was overhead, so I did as she offered and found the breakroom. The fridge was filled with soda cans, but it also included a sign that was declared for employees only. I ignored it and grabbed a diet soda. Cracking open the can, I took a deep sip.

“So, your mom’s gone?”

I almost spit the soda out as a voice came from behind. I turned to see Ms. Dean standing there, her shoulder against the doorframe, looking at me with a bemused expression that differed from the somewhat mean expression she had been giving my mother.

“I-I’m sorry. I was thirsty. I didn’t ask.”

I didn’t want mom getting in trouble for letting me come get a can, so I took the blame on myself entirely.

“It’s alright. A pretty boy needs to keep his fluids up.” Ms. Dean smiled, but her smile didn’t seem to reach her eyes.

I coughed awkwardly. “Ah… I guess I’ll be going then.”

I started walking to the door, but Ms. Dean didn’t move. To get past her, I’d need to squeeze by. I was starting to get a bad feeling.

“Before you go, I wanted to just tell you something about your mother.”

“What is it?”

“Frankly… she’s not been the best lately. I expect a lot of hard work from my employees, and lately, she’s been not putting the effort in that she should. Are there some issues that are going on at home?”

I felt like there was a hand clenching my heart. What was this lady saying? Mom was in trouble? I genuinely thought back to the last few weeks. Had my actions been causing mom to mess up at work? If that was the case, I didn’t know if I could forgive myself.

“I… um… I don’t know.” I responded uncertainly.

She leaned close to me. “Oh? I think you do know.”

“Wh-what?”

She reached out and touched my chest, pushing me back against the kitchen top counter. My butt hit the corner hard, the items in my pockets digging into my butt.

“You cause your mother all kinds of trouble.” She grinned. “She’s always worrying about you, and because of you, she’s struggling at work. She talks about it all the time.”

My mouth opened and then closed. I didn’t know what to say to such a statement. Why was she telling me this? Was she trying to bully me as well?

“I’m sorry?” I tried to move past her, but she moved forward, both hands grabbing the ledge on either side, pinning me to the counter.

“Since you’re responsible for all of this, don’t you think you should take responsibility?”

I blinked. “Like, you want me to help work?”

“No, dumb boy.” She laughed. “If you want to help your mom keep her job, then you’re going to have to do something for me. If you want to keep enjoying all those things your mom buys you, a house, food, boy magazines, then you should do exactly what I want.”

“What you want…” I repeated flatly.

Of course, I caught on. I wasn’t that thick. It’s just no one expects to end up in such a situation, so you usually try to give people the benefit of the doubt. Now, that girl on the construction site, Rory? I wouldn’t have second-guessed her intention. She had slapped my ass walking by, and had been eyeing me so egregiously. So, if she had hit on me, I would have figured it out instantly. This, on the other hand, was my mom’s boss, and even though the office appeared to be empty at the moment, my mom was working here.

Had she sent my mom away just so she’d have a chance to get at me? It was a situation that was difficult for me to get my mind around.

“It’s really simple. For a woman to keep a job, she has to keep the boss happy. Your mom isn’t keeping me happy.” She leaned even closer, her fingers touching my chest innocently. “If you can make me happy, then I’ll let your mom keep her job. Do you understand?”

My mind blanked out for a second. The answer might seem obvious. I had banged complete strangers for less. I didn’t have many scruples about who I shoved my dick in. I had banged all of my sisters, as well as other random women I had met. I had even blackmailed a certain teacher, and we played a bit of a power game between each other. This should be no different.

Yet, there was a difference. This was my mom’s boss. Her actions got my mom directly involved in our exchange. Furthermore, she was bullying my mom, and now trying to use her as leverage to get what she wanted from me. For the first time, I felt something I hadn’t in all of my previous sexual encounters. I felt uncomfortable.

That didn’t stop her from pressing things. She had dropped one of her hands, and then immediately started stroking the area of my pants. My cock betrayed me, starting to harden, and her fingers deftly rubbed the area through my pants.

“Oh my… your so hard, you must be a little pervert who wants this.” She teased.

“That’s not true…” I responded, still trying to decide if I should escape or go through with it.

I usually wasn’t so undecided. I wanted to just shut her down, but she did have me by the balls, both metaphorically and physically. If I offended her, she’d make my mom’s life a living hell. I wasn’t convinced anymore that my mom’s position wasn’t in any real jeopardy, at least originally. Rather, her job might now be in jeopardy because of me. If I spurned this woman’s advances, she might fire my mom just to protect herself. If I told mom what happened, she might report it.

If Ms. Dean fired her first, then she could just claim mom was an angry employee making up stuff. In that way, my mom’s job truly was in danger. There was no saying what this woman would do to cover her ass after acting so boldly. Rather, the fact she acted so boldly probably suggested it wasn’t her first time doing something like this to someone.

“Admit it… you’re just a little slut.” Her eyes were growing more and more excited and she stroked my cock through my pants. “You just want a tight wet pussy to fuck you. Don’t fight it. If you give me what I want, I can give you what you want.”

“What I want?” I shook slightly. “You mean… like mom getting a raise?”

Mom did deserve a raise. If I turned things around and made it so that she was giving me what I wanted, then I wouldn’t be so divided. The woman blinked at my words but then smiled.

“Okay, if you satisfy me, I’ll put in to give your mom a raise. How does that sound?”

With her stroking my cock and pressing against me, I found it difficult to think clearly. Was she honest, or was she just saying what I wanted to hear? Either way, I did my best to get a little more out of this exchange. At this point, I just had to do what she wanted. I slowly nodded, and she chuckled. She finally pulled away from me, grabbing my hand.

“Come, we’ll do it in my office.” She grabbed me and pulled me away.

I glanced at the door and my way out of this situation, but I knew I didn’t have much of a choice at this point. I was pulled into my mom’s boss’s office, where I was going to work to get mom a raise.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The door closed behind me, seemingly sealing us off from the rest of the office. In any normal situation, I probably would have been quite excited, and maybe even eager. I had been in a lot of questionable situations, and it wasn’t like I wasn’t able to eventually bend the genders in my mind and get a feeling for the kind of situation I was in and how it’d be perceived by the outside world. However, other than the time where that woman tried to drag me away, this was the first time I felt somewhat uncomfortable with the arrangement.

Ms. Dean turned around, a lewd and rapacious grin on her face like she was a spider who had just caught the fly. “Well, well, how about you strip for me.”

“Why don’t you strip?” I responded.

“No, no… that’s not how this works. If you want my reward, you’re going to have to work for it.”

Ms. Dean was a bit cleverer than most of the girls I had encountered. If they were just bumbling horny girls, she was more like a sexual predator. She wanted to put me into a disadvantageous situation. If she was the naked one, any number of bad things could happen that would flip the situation. Instead, with me undressed, she’d gain even more power over the situation. It looked like my cheap blackmailing trick of taking pictures of her in a compromising situation wouldn’t work.

“We don’t have enough time. Let’s just do this quickly.” I tried to find a way to deflect.

Her smile turned more intense. “Your mommy never taught you how to listen and do what you’re told? She’s a bad parent too, huh?”

“Wh-what?”

She took a couple of steps forward, grabbing me. “Well, your mommy raised you into being a dirty little slut, so she can’t be all that great. You even have to do all of this just so that she can keep her job. She’s just a loser. It’s embarrassing.”

As she spoke, any desire to do what she wanted was being drained out of me. I didn’t like her saying bad things about my mother. My expression darkened, and I took a step back. As my butt hit the wall, I felt something hard. I reached into it and pulled out my radio. Clenching it in my hands, I shot her a look.

“I’ve changed my mind. I’m going to go.”

“Go now? Are you as unreliable as mommy? You really should finish what you started. Otherwise, your just a cunttease.” She moved forward again, pushing her chest against me.

I was growing more uncomfortable with the situation. I had honestly believed that as long as it was a woman who wasn’t completely nasty, I’d fuck anyone. I had thought taking one more to improve mom’s life wouldn’t matter. Yet, something about the way she was acting and the way she was looking at me was starting to make my skin crawl. It wasn’t that she was particularly ugly or that she smelled bad, it was just something about her that felt gross.

Was this how women looked at so-called perverted men who act creepily? Was this that so-called survival instinct? I didn’t want to be in this situation, especially since the roles were reversed. Then again, there were probably guys this kind of stuff happened to, they just didn’t talk about it, nor did they have anyone willing to help them. I still had the radio in my hand. If I wanted to, I could call Bethany. Call her and say what? I was being propositioned by mom’s boss? She wasn’t even nearby. I couldn’t call on her.

While I was considering my options, Ms. Dean had somehow positioned herself between me and the door. Her expression had turned slightly angry.

“Do you want your mommy to lose her job? No? Then be a good boy.” She reached out and touched me between the legs. “There you go, that’s not so bad, is it?”

Feeling her hand stroke me through my pants, my mind was still a battlefield of indecisiveness. It seemed like whenever I felt I had things figured out in this world, the world threw me another curveball. It wasn’t like I was afraid. It was more like I was frozen with indecision. I didn’t want mom’s job to be compromised. It had already gotten this far, so my actions could cause mom to lose her job real quick. On the other hand, I didn’t want to let this girl win. Her deplorable actions were not the cute stuff that I liked to absorb. Even those rapist creeps at the bowling alley were drunk and also strangers. This woman knew damn well what she was doing and to who, and perhaps that made her want to do it.

There was also a very faint voice in the back of my head, and this was the one that confused me the most. It told me that this treatment was something I deserved. After acting so carefree since coming to this world, and even diddling my sisters one after another, part of me felt like I deserved this. An even deeper part was slightly turned on by how gross she was. Was that the so-called masochistic side of me?

My body betrayed me again, my cock which had settled in the interim moments was springing back to life under her hand. Feeling it hardened only encouraged her to grope it more aggressively.

“Yeah… you like that, don’t you?” She leaned forward and bit my neck before sucking on it. “I bet your cock is so hard you can barely stand it. Are you a virgin?”

“I’m not!” For some reason, I was eager to destroy that fantasy, anything to throw a little mud on her perversions.

Unfortunately, her face barely reacted. “Hehe… of course, you’re a little slut. After all, you are your daddy’s son, right?”

“Wh-what does that mean?” I panted with my head back as she continued to suck on my neck in brief spats while her fingers still stroked me through the pants.

“Did you ever wonder why daddy isn’t around? Did you never wonder?”

“M-mom cheated,” I responded.

“Oh? She told you? That’s too funny.”

“Wh-what do you know of it?” I demanded, sounding just a bit forceful.

Her eyes lit up excitedly, and I felt her reach into my pants and grab my cock with her hand. She continued to stroke me on the inside of my pants now, her bare skin against my cock.

“Your mother has worked for me for nearly twenty years. I’ve been around since you were born. In fact, I’ve wanted to fuck you for years now. I was planning on coming up with the opportunity when you turned 18. Well, don’t mind me for getting a bit eager, but you’ve grown so tasty, I just had to pluck you earlier.”

“What about my mom?”

I tried to keep her focused, feeling like the way she said things were hinting at something that I didn’t know, and that worried me. I knew mom was holding back something, but I didn’t know what it was, and I didn’t want to ask her to dredge up such awful memories. I never would have guessed it had anything to do with her boss though.

“It was rather easy. We had a Christmas party, and everyone was drinking. There used to be this slutty little boy in the mailroom who would do anything I asked. So… I pushed drinks on your mom until she passed out drunk. Then, I sent him out to fuck her.”

I froze. “You… what?”

“Haha… she wasn’t even conscious. She woke up with a belly full of semen.” She broke into a laugh.

“You… let her… get raped?” I shook in disbelief.

“Rape? What? She’s a woman. Plus, what woman wouldn’t want some cute guy fucking her. I did her a favor. It’s not our fault she wasn’t on the pill.”

My body shook. “What? You don’t mean…”

“Relax, it’s not you.” She laughed, still enthusiastically stroking me as she spoke about such a horrifying secret, enjoying the horrified look on my face as she recounted things. “Actually, it happened about two years before you.”

“Two years… Mackenzie?” I quickly did the math, and Mackenzie who was a year older than me would have had to be the one. “Mackenzie is also my half-sister?”

It wasn’t just that. Mackenzie was their second child after Dawn. I had assumed that when mom cheated on dad, dad left mom and their relationship immediately fell apart. That wasn’t the case at all. It was years later before they finally split. It would have had to be so that me, the twins, and Bethany could all be born. No, it wasn’t Mom who cheated. Mom was raped! It wasn’t her fault at all!

Did that even matter though? If a guy got drunk in my old world and woke up next to a strange woman, no one would even look twice. Mom had been carrying the guilt and shame all this time.

“Half-sister? Just Mackenzie?” Ms. Dean’s smile grew even more, and I realized that she still had something else to say.

“Wh-what do you mean?”

“Ah… the drama back then was rich. After Mackenzie was born, your dad found out it wasn’t his. Your mom tried to keep you all together, but your dad became quite the little slut to spite your mom. He started sleeping around. I should know…” She leaned into my ear. “Your dick reminds me of his.”

I tried to jerk away, but she lunged at me. The radio fell out of my hands, hitting the ground hard. I had almost forgotten it was there in my haste. Now, the battery door fell off and the batteries scattered across the floor.

“So, dad cheated, the end.” I felt unable to move in her grip, fearing whatever she’d say next.

“Well, except when your dad was at his worst, he stuck it in a massive playgirl… who also got pregnant.”

“S-stop…”

“This shit is too juicy to make up! That playgirl made your dad take responsibility for the baby. She made him take responsibility of you!”

“Y-you’re lying… you’re fucking lying!” I cursed with my teeth clenched, tears in my eyes. “They’re my family…”

“Not your mother. Maybe your sisters… or should I say, half-sisters? Actually, that girl was a legend. She fucked so many guys you could be anyone’s kid. The reason she dumped him on your dad was that he was married and dumb enough to fall for it, and the only reason your dad took you was to give your mother the middle finger for Mackenzie. Isn’t it funny how it all works? Hell, I might have even ended up being your mommy, but I use protection, unlike your dumb parents. After having so many kids, and who knows who is whose really, your dad lost it and ran away. Hey… stay hard!”

I realized I was gasping for breath, and it wasn’t because of arousal. I felt dizzy, and bile rose in my throat. This was just insane. My family wasn’t even my family? I was some kid that just got adopted by circumstance? If it was true in this world, it was true in that one as well. Mom… dad… my sisters… this was just too much.

“I-I can’t…”

“Haha… now do you understand why your mom is a loser? She’s a cuck raising kids that aren’t even hers. And you’re a dirty slut just like you daddy.”

“Leave me alone…”

“H-hey-hey! I’m not done with you yet.” She grabbed me and kissed me, her tongue shooting into my mouth.

My mind was so messed up that I could barely even function. After a second, I finally gained enough of my mind to shove her off of me.

“Stop!”

“Shut the fuck up!”

She grabbed me and threw me back onto her desk. Before I could realize what was happening, I was lying on the desk and she was climbing on top of me.

“Stop! I don’t want this. Stop!”

I wasn’t fighting back. I couldn’t fight back. I could barely even think. Tears were running down my cheeks. I could feel her pressing it against herself. Like mother, like son.

The door exploded open with a kick. “You son of a bitch!”

A roar sounded across the room. Mom was standing there was a fury like I had never seen before. Without even a second of hesitation, she raced at Ms. Dean and then slugged her across the face. The surprised woman flew off me, and the desk, slamming into the floor beyond.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mom was standing next to me where I was lying on the desk. She was breathing hard, and her face had a look I had never seen before. It was a scary look filled with anger and hate. I was still stunned, and it wasn’t until I felt someone touch me that I snapped out of my daze.

“Noah, come with me.” Bethany was there.

She was still in her work clothes and even had a smudge of dirt on her cheek, but her eyes were focused on me, an expression filled with fear and worry. She gripped my wrist tightly with one hand while the other tried to turn my lower half so I could get off the desk.

“Wh-what?” I could barely seem to form a question.

It wasn’t the shock of what Ms. Dean had tried to do with me. Even now, such an act rolled off me without much effect. However, her crushing revelations from before still resonated through my mind, shocking my senses and keeping my brain from seemingly restarting. Bethany wrapped her arm around me and pulled me up anyway. I could vaguely hear her saying something.

“Your radio was on for a bit… I heard her coming onto you. That’s why… I ran here as quick as I could.” Bethany did sound a bit winded as she ushered me to the door.

Even though she was smaller than me and my little sister, she seemed in control of the situation. While this was happening, Ms. Dean was standing back up.

“You hit me? You’d be lucky if I only fire you. I’m going to sue your ass for assault. You’ll never work in this down again.” She cried, her nose sounding stuffy.

I glanced back to see she was holding it to keep it from bleeding.

“You want to talk about assault, bitch?” mom cursed, taking a step forward.

“Mom!” Bethany cried, causing her to stop for a second and come to her senses.

She lifted her finger and wagged it at Ms. Dean. “Watch yourself. I quit.”

She turned and followed Bethany out of the room. They didn’t move far though. Bethany took me to mom’s desk, sitting me down.

“You can’t quit, I fired you!” A voice came from her boss’s room, but Mom ignored it.

“Sweetie, look at me.” Mom grabbed my head and turned me to her. “Are you okay? Sweetie, are you doing okay?”

I blinked slightly, the events of the last few minutes slowly reviewing in my head like they were a movie. I could barely associate them with my own life. Realizing that they were waiting for an answer, I came up with the first thing that came to my mind.

“I-I’m sorry I cost you your job.”

“Oh, honey…” Mom grabbed me and hugged me, her chest pressing against my head tightly before finally pulling me away while still holding my shoulders reassuring me. “I’m going to take you and Bethany home. We can get take out tonight. Anywhere you want.”

“I don’t…” My mind shook, and I started to connect the things Ms. Dean had said with reality again. “Was it true?”

Mom frowned. “Is what true?”

I opened my mouth, but I struggled to say the words. “She… she said…”

Mom put her hand around the back of my neck, looking me in the eyes directly. “What did she say? What?”

I couldn’t even ask the question. How was I going to handle the answer? I couldn’t deal with this right now. I needed some time to think. I needed some quiet.

“I need to use the bathroom.” I blurted out.

“Ah…” Mom’s face turned red, and she let go of me. “O-okay.”

I stood up as mother and Bethany backed up a step, then I made a straight line for the bathroom. It was located right next to the break room where Ms. Dean had first cornered me, so I knew where it was. Moving into the bathroom, I immediately went to the sink and splashed water on my face. I felt like I was going to throw up. I went to the toilet, but in the end, nothing came up.

Finally getting back up, I looked around the room. My mind was still a mess. I just… I just needed to do something. I needed to do something to get my mind off of Ms. Dean’s words. Yes, that’s what I needed. What did I do when I wanted to distract myself? Didn’t I bang girls? Of course, I just fucked girls. It’s what I was good at doing. I just needed a girl who wanted to fuck. My mind didn’t even have to work for a name to come up. In this world, what girl wasn’t a slut that would let any guy slide his dick in her?

I stormed out of the bathroom, heading straight to the entrance. My mother was at her desk, emptying her stuff into a box to leave. Bethany was helping her. As for Ms. Dean, her door was closed now, so I wasn’t sure if she was hiding or if she had already left.

“Noah?” Bethany caught me as I slid out the door.

I broke into a run, hitting the stairway hard. I took five steps at a time, breaking out into the lobby. That receptionist from the floor was startled by my sudden entry.

“Sweetie, are you okay?”

I didn’t give him any mind, racing out of the door. When I hit the street, I started running at full sprint. It felt almost like mom and Bethany were chasing me, although when I looked back, I didn’t see them. The location I was heading for wasn’t far. It was naturally the construction site. When I thought about some slut who wanted to fuck, wasn’t Rory giving me all of those signs earlier. She was the kind of distraction I needed.

I walked into the building, following the sound of a nail gun where I found Rory. She was wearing jeans and didn’t have a shirt on. She seemed to hear someone coming so she stopped and put her gun down. As she stood up, she pulled off her goggles, a surprised look on her face.

“You’re back?”

“It’s your lucky day.” I shot back.

“Hmm?” She blinked. “I… um… I was there when the radio clicked on. I heard what happened. Are you okay?”

I smiled. “All be better in a minute.”

“Your sister was pretty worried. Did she mmm!” I grabbed her and kissed her.

Her eyes widened, but a moment later she pushed me away. “What are you doing?”

“Come on… don’t act like that. I’ll eat your pussy. You offered earlier, didn’t you? I’m all yours.”

“Ah… that…” She looked away awkwardly.

I tried to grab her again, but she pushed back stronger. “What? I’ll give you a good time. You can do whatever you want to my body. I’ll do whatever you want to your body.”

“No…”

I felt a spike of anger and frustration. “Why? Why not? Am I tainted?”

“That’s not it.”

“Then, why? Why won’t you fuck me?” I demanded.

“I like women!”

My mouth froze, staring at her. It took a while for those words to click. It was a term that seemed almost foreign to me.

“Jeese…” She grabbed the back of her head, looking up. “I can be a real asshole sometimes.”

“H-how… you… you slapped my butt, and… and…”

“I just… I don’t want people to know, okay?” She sighed. “My therapist says it’s projecting. I treat men like sexual objects to hide my sexuality. I’m sure you’re very pretty, but I like women. I’m gay.”

“G-gay…”

Slamming into this unexpected wall destroyed my momentum. Without another word, I broke into tears. I started crying.

“H-hey… it’s okay.” She grabbed me, and I found my face buried into her sweaty chest.

It was such a surreal scene. I was crying like a complete bay into the naked chest of a girl only a handful of years older than me. It felt pathetic and thinking how pathetic it felt, made me cry even harder. She reached around and patted my head as I cried. I didn’t realize how long we stood there as I cried, but when I felt a gentle hand on my back, I looked away to see mother and Bethany standing there.

Mother’s expression was extremely gentle and kind. The anger and fury that she had before were completely gone. Bethany had a complicated expression on her face. I supposed I had failed to give her any man card. Even after racing to save me, I had ended up running into the arms of another woman. I wiped my face, my head throbbing.

“Sweaty, we can go whenever you’re ready.” Mother merely said.

“Okay…” I nodded, doing my best to clean up my face. “I’ll go.”

Mom gave a nod and then turned away. Bethany gave me a look before following mom.

“Thank you… I’m… sorry…” I said quietly, finally pulling away from Rory.

She had absolutely nothing to do with me, yet she had remained by my side and held me even as I cried. I had been thinking the worst of her, but I guess people could surprise you. I felt her grab my shirt as I turned away, so I looked back.

“Could you…” She responded a bit stiffly. “Maybe, put in a good word with Bethany for me?”

“What?”

“She’s kind of cute. I’ve been wanting to get closer to her, but I don’t think she likes me very much.”

“She’s like ten years younger than you.”

“Ah… haha… well, big sister is happy to educate her on the pleasures of homosexuality. Got to help them when they are young or they’ll grow up confused. What do you say?”

“No.”

“Eh?”

“Not a chance in hell.” I reached out and twisted one of her nipples. “Stay away from my sister. She’s mine!”

“Ow! Fuck! Okay, I was just asking!” She cried, rubbing her chest.

I pulled away and stuck my tongue out at her. “I’m the only one she can love.”

I turned away, feeling strangely a bit better. I heard her mumbling behind me.

“Crazy dick. This is why I like pussy.”

I joined my mom and little sister. In the future, I’d have to find some way to keep Bethany from doing this kind of stuff anymore. I didn’t want my precious little sister to be lead down the wrong path.

The car ride home was rather silent. Bethany got out of the car, but as I tried to, the door clicked shut. Mom gave Bethany a wave, and then pulled back out onto the street.

“Mom?”

“We still need to talk.” Mom declared.

“Ah… about that… it’s not necessary. I’ll be fine.”

“Noah. I know my son.”

“Am I your son?” I snapped back, and as soon as I did, I covered my mouth.

Mom jerked like she had been struck. After a moment, she pulled over into a parking lot. After shutting down the car, she turned to me.

“Noah…” She began.

Since it had already come this far, I didn’t see any point in hiding it.

“You had Mackenzie with someone who isn’t dad. And Dad had me with someone who isn’t you. Right?”

Mom opened her mouth and then closed it again. The guilty look on her face told me the answer, even if she wasn’t willing to say it.

“Is dad even my dad? Are they even my sisters?”

She spoke after a few moments of silence. “I don’t know. I considered doing a blood test, but I decided not to.”

“Why?”

“Because it wouldn’t change anything. I’m the person who raised you. They are the ones who lived beside you. They are your sisters. I’m your mother.” She spoke in a low voice.

“Can you even say that?”

“Noah…”

“Do you love me like a son?”

“How can you ask that?”

“Or do you want to have sex with me?”

“Wh-what?”

I leaned over and kissed her on the lips. As I did, my tongue started to slip into her mouth. She grabbed me and pushed me back. For a moment, her surprised eyes locked with my red ones. Was this just like with Rory?

Just as I was thinking that she grabbed me and pulled me back to her, her lips pressing against mine. It was like a flood had broken through, and neither of us could stop.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“M-mom…” I gasped, breaking my lips from hers.

“You can still call me that, even now?” Her chest shook as she spoke, her face filled with emotions.

There was regret, fear, lust, desire, and guilt all fighting to display across her face. Her heated breath teased my nose, smelling like a sweet and familiar scent. Her soft body was on top of me, in a position that felt extremely surreal. It felt like mom was locked in place, unable to stop from continuing, but unwilling to take the next step. I realized that she was waiting on me. She wanted to hear an answer.

After a second, I leaned closed to her ear and whispered. “Mom, I want to fuck your tight pussy.”

I tried to make myself sound as sensual and as enticing as possible, but the words I spoke were true. As for why I wanted to, that was difficult for me to describe. I had wanted to have her before even when I believed she was my biological mother. I had already tasted each of my sisters, so why wouldn’t I also crave mother’s touch? Finding out she wasn’t my mom hadn’t made these feelings go away. Rather, I realized that I couldn’t move on until I acted on them. I didn’t want to have sex with her. I needed to have sex with her, to see what was there between us.

So, I thought of the kind of erotic lines that would drive a man wild. I supposed I should have called her mommy, but my seventeen-year-old brain couldn’t tolerate that level of pandering. Even I had my limits.

My words appeared to be effective against mother, as her body shook slightly, and then she reached down, pulling the chair handle and causing the seat to fall back until I was nearly horizontal. Mother leaned down and kissed me, her lips pressing against mine nearly to the point of pain. Her hands grabbed my wrists, and she held onto them tightly as her tongue began to explore my mouth.

I opened my mouth a bit more, and her tongue aggressively took my mouth, exploring and tasting me gingerly. As she kissed me, her hands worked their way down my arms. She pulled away, slightly out of breath, looking down at me with want and desire, her hair was draped down over her face, giving her a sexy but haggard appearance.

“Noah, I love you.” She whispered one hand cupping my cheek as she kissed me again.

Her words caused my heart to start beating a bit faster. There was something in them, a sort of conviction that felt real. Compared to my sisters or girlfriends, my mother had the experience and history to truly know what she was saying. Compared to Ms. Dean, my teacher, or any of the adult women I had tasted, there was a true emotion that went beyond mere physical desire. I kissed her back, the sound of our lips meeting and parting making the only noise in the car.

“Mmn… Mgnmm… mmm…” She tasted me while I tasted her.

“I love you too.” I felt I had to respond in turn.

She closed her eyes for a second, a small smile forming on her plump lips. Her hands fell and pushed up with her knees. Her dress had been pushed up and was wrinkled around her hips thanks to her mounting me in the seat as she did. She reached down and pulled her dress up overhead and then tossed it to the side.

This was perhaps the first time I had ever looked at her body like the woman that she was, and I came to realize just how beautiful and erotic she was. If my sisters were all sexy teenagers, then mother was what they would look like when they had finally matured. Her body had aged like expensive wine. She had decent-sized breasts, and pale beautiful skin. While her stomach had pale stretch marks on it, she was curvy in the right places and tight in the right places. Her lips were pert, her butt was round and doughy, her skin was soft with a slight sheen of sweat.

She was wearing a bra top that covered her upper body. It was black and lacey with two thin straps over her pale shoulders which worked to keep her robust chest held up.

Her underwear was colored to match, a pair of partially transparent briefs which hugged her hips but popped up in the back, making her buttocks nearly completely exposed except for a thin strap running up her crack. These clothes were abnormally sexy for a woman who had just come from work. The look felt mature and sexy, making the bikinis and thongs my high school girls wore seem almost childish in comparison. Her selection felt deliberate like she had purposely geared them toward showing off her mature body.

“Were you expecting something?” I asked, my eyes looking her body up and down.

“I had a date today with the man I love.” She blushed. “I wanted to look sexy for him.”

It only took me a moment to remember our date earlier. She truly had always been looking at me, but I hadn’t noticed her. I felt foolish, but more than that I felt aroused. I didn’t need to do anything about it though, because my mother noticed my bulge even before I did. Her hands reached out and touched it, rubbing me through the fabric of my pants.

“Hah… mom…” I moaned as her hands groped me hungrily.

“I had always wanted a boy.” Mom said. “And when my husband suddenly brought you home and said you were his, I should have been furious, but by that point, I had already known he had been cheating on me, and it just didn’t hurt me as much as he thought it would. I loved you, and I treated you just like any of my other children.”

As she said this, her hand which at first had been haphazardly stroking my cock had managed to pull it into a tent, and now her hand gripped that tent, stroking up and down in a much more rhythmic fashion.

“I-it’s okay.”

She smiled, but it was a sad and lonely smile. “When he left me, I convinced myself that as long as I had you, as long as I had my son, I’d be happy. I loved all my kids, but for some reason, you became the only man in my heart. Then, you started to grow up, and you started to grow distant. I thought… I was finally losing you.”

“M-mom… you’re not going to lose me.” I panted as her hand moved faster and faster.

“I don’t know when it happened, maybe when you turned thirteen, but I started to want you, more of you. I held myself back. I tried to act like a proper mother.”

“You are my mother…”

“I’m not a good mother. I’m a naughty mother. I’m a horny mother who wants to fuck her son.”

“Fuck… mom…”

“God, your dick is so hard. I want you inside me so much, baby.”

“I want to feel your pussy, mom. Stick it in your pussy.”

She grabbed the zipper of my pants and started fumbling with unzipping them. After a few agonizing seconds, she finally dragged my cock out into the open. She looked down at it as if dazed for a moment.

“Oh, my…”

“Mother?”

“I just… I can’t believe it.”

“How long has it been since your last dick?”

“How can you ask that?”

“Mom…”

“I banged lost of guys.”

“Mom!”

“Fuck, I need it so bad. I haven’t felt a hard dick in over a decade.”

“Then, stick it in already.”

I didn’t need to even say those words, because she had already lifted a leg and pushed up. She pulled aside her underwear, exposing her pussy to me. It had a fair amount of hair, and it wasn’t the perfect little slit that many of my sisters had. Rather, her clitoris was a bit protruded, and her lips were a bit ruffled. However, her cunt was wet and I could practically see it cramping as it waited to be filled. She lined my dick up with her cunt, and then dropped down, letting it slowly slide into her wet insides.

“T-tight?”

“Am I really?”

“As tight as you daughters, ah! I mean…” I accidentally went ahead and said it.

Mom laughed slightly, her pussy tightening each time she let out a laugh, feeling somehow good and reassuring.

“I don’t know if I should be happy or sad that I ended up raising such a naughty son. Who did you do stuff with? Was it Dawn? I saw you sneak in her room.”

I blushed, not sure what to say. “That… I mean…”

“Tell mommy, I’m not in a position right now to get mad.”

“Um… rather… everyone…”

“Everyone!” This time her eyes did pop. “Even London?”

I coughed. “Everyone, except Bethany.”

“Y-you…You haven’t touched Bethany… so I’m not the last. Heh, can she even get wet yet?”

“I-is that okay?”

“London and Mackenzie aren’t biologically your sisters, but Kelsey, Kristy, and Dawn are my and your father’s kids!” She warned. “They could be your half-siblings.”

I lowered my head. “I understand…”

“Good, under no circumstances are you to get them pregnant!”

“Huh?” I looked up.

“You can knock me up though.”

“Mom!”

She laughed again, her pussy once again tightening on my dick as she did. Something about the feel of her pussy jerking my dick while she chuckled on top of me, I suddenly burst out laughing too. For a few moments, the pair of us just held each other, laughing like a pair of fools. When we both finally recovered, I tried to give Mother a more serious look.

“Are you okay though?”

“I’m your mother.” She sniffed. “I should be the one worrying if you’re okay, not the other way around. I’ve raised you in a family filled with horny women. They ended up corrupting you in every way we could, and now you’re a pussy-hungry stud. I’m sorry that my children and I weren’t able to control ourselves around such a hot throbbing dick as yours.”

“I don’t feel that way.” I sighed. “I love all of you, and I enjoy the feeling of being inside of you.”

She sniffed. “Well, I like the feeling of you being inside me too.”

“Yeah… well, you haven’t been moving your hips.”

“Geh!” her eyes widened, and then she looked away, speaking through with pursed lips cutely. “I came the second I stuck it in. I just needed a moment to recover.”

“Seriously?”

“Eh! Don’t give me that look? I said it’s been a decade! It just felt so good that you made me cum immediately.”

“Jeese, if I knew mom was that easy.”

“Y-you! Do you think your sisters can fuck? I’ll show you how a real woman fucks a man.” She leaned down, her big chest pressing against mine. “I’m going to ride your dick until it breaks.”

Her body felt soft and warm against me. My hands instinctively grabbed her ass, which fit my hands perfectly. Something about the feel of her body caused my heart to race. The words we shared had eased my tensions and convinced me that this wasn’t a mistake.

“Mom,” I looked into her eyes, feeling much more relaxed and confident about everything. “I really do love you. You may not be my biological mother, but you raised me, and I will love you forever.”

“H-honey aahhh…” Her hands resting on my chest tightened for a second. “I love you too..”

“D-did you just cum again?”

I could feel her pussy gripping me tightly in a rhythmic fashion, and I realized she must have orgasmed. She was the type of woman who orgasmed silently, but the tremors through her body couldn’t lie, even if she tried to hide it on her face.

“Sh-shut up…” Her face turned red, and the cute look she gave made me want to tease her a bit more.

“You came with just some words?” I grinned.

Mom reached out and grabbed my head. “Shut up and fuck me.”

She kissed me roughly and then started to move her hips. Mom hadn’t been lying either. She was prepared to give me the ride of my life.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mom was getting hornier by the second, and it was becoming harder and harder to see her as just my mother. Her eyes were a soft brown, her hair was long with a beautiful sheen to it. Her face was attractive, holding aspects of all of her daughters in them. As her hips moved slightly, causing my dick to slide in and out of her warm, moist cunt, she looked down on me with a predatory gaze that caused me to feel like mom was in control of everything.

Her eyes seemed to penetrate me as if she could see all of my vulnerabilities. Maybe that was just my imagination. I realized her eyes were looking a bit lower. She was checking out my body. Seeing the woman I considered my mother lewdly look me up and down like that made me a bit shy. She reached down and lifted my shirt, checking out my chest and stomach.

“Is it really that exciting to look at?” I asked, only realizing how cliché a line it was after it left my lips.

“You have a beautiful body. Those little pink nipples look delicious.

“Women have nipples too.”

“Yeah, on big fatty paperweights.” She made a grossed-out look. “I prefer something a little harder….”

As she said this, her hand moved up my chest until she reached the nipple, two fingers gently rubbing them. My nipples immediately grew hard under her touch, which caused a small smirk to appear on her face. In conjunction with her hips moving so rhythmically, I didn’t know how long I could last. Yet, Mom didn’t increase her pace or tease me in a way that pushed me to climax.

Something about the look in Mom’s eyes caused a feeling to ache deep inside me. Mom was looking at me with a kind of contentment I hadn’t experienced with the other women I had been with. I started to realize that mom wasn’t trying to get off. Rather, this was what she wanted. She wanted the feel of me going in and out of her. She wanted to touch and enjoy my body. We weren’t just having sex to reach orgasm, but mom was enjoying the experience herself.

This realization caused me to become incredibly aroused, more aroused than I usually did with other women. I found myself wanting things from Mom that I usually put aside before. I wanted her to hold me. I wanted her to kiss me. I wanted her to suck my neck. I wanted to be in her embrace.

There was no question what that Mom wanted the same from me. There was no hiding my desires, Maybe it was the look in my eyes, but Mom seemed to know right away, and she seemed to want the same thing.

She lifted her shirt up over her head, and after tossing it aside, she wrapped her arms around me, pressing her naked body against my naked body. The feel of her nudeness against mine as our parts continued to rub against each other slowly and unceasingly made my heart start to pound. Her body was warm and soft, and I felt completely comforted by her touch.

My lips began to tremble, the warmth of Mom’s body lulled me into relaxing myself. Mom grabbed my chin, pressing her thumb against my lips, causing them to be still. I realized my mouth had been open and I had been moaning. My lips kissed her thumb, and then gently sucked on it. She slowly pulled down, opening my lower lip, and then she leaned forward, pressing her soft lips roughly against my mouth.

Mom’s breath was sweet and the aroma of her body was rich and womanly. The car windows were starting to fog, and I could smell her rich sex. Her pussy was so wet I couldn’t believe it, but still, she rotated her hips on my cock, taking my dick for all it was worth.

I allow her hot breath to fill my lungs. She smells gently of flowers mixed with the smell of paper of office supplies. She smelled like a woman. Her tongue darted into and out of my lips, and I moaned in satisfaction. I began to kiss back, completely lost in the moment. I had completely surrendered myself to the woman on top of me.

Mother’s lips grew more aggressive, pressing against me harder, almost with a degree of desperation. It seemed like her inhibitions were evaporating like smoke, and as they did so her hips started to rock harder and harder. I moaned again, my voice lost inside my mother’s mouth as her tongue lashed against mine, desperately tasting me.

“Ahhh!” She let out a moan as she pulled away for a moment, saliva leaking down our chins.

Her head fell back down, flicking her hair into my face as she attacked lower. Her lips found one of my nipples, and she started to suck on it. She sucked it hard and roughly, biting on it painfully before sucking on my chest with full force. She wasn’t the first woman who had tried to play with my nipples, and while I didn’t hate the feel and they could get hard, I never really got what the big deal was. However, the way Mother attacked them so hungrily, was so intense that I felt myself losing control.

My cock swelled, and I started to cum. I couldn’t even give Mother a warning as I exploded inside her, my body bucking wildly. However, her weight held me down, and I could only shoot myself deep into her womb as she continued to rock her hips on top of me.

“Ahhn… Mom… ahhh… I came… I came…”

“Naughty boy, cumming in your Mother so suddenly.” She grinned as she abandoned my nipple, now red from her abuse. “If you thought I was going to let you stop, you’re mistaken!”

Even as I came in her, she didn’t stop rocking her hips, gyrating her round butt in my lap as she took my cock completely. All of my cum shot into her pussy, causing the parts between us to grow extremely wet and sticky. White cum and various other liquids leaked out, but mother didn’t strop grinding my cock with her pussy. She was acting extremely deliberately, with one hand on my shoulder looking down as she kept my cock sliding back into her wet cunt. No matter how soft it got, it was like her pussy was a magnet, popping it back in, stopping me from losing wood completely.

Her sensual body slowly started to nurture my cock back to life, and I could feel it getting deeper and deeper in her with each jiggle of her butt.

“There we go, that’s how mommy likes it.” She moaned.

Only when she was convinced my dick had returned in hardness did she stop for a moment to readjust herself. She grabbed me, clasping her fingers behind my head and holding my neck between her forearms. My head was held up slightly in her grip, and in this position her arms were pushed together, smooshing her breasts together for a nice cleavage scene. Then, she pushed up with her knees, lifting her lower body and causing my dick to slide out until it nearly fell, then she plunged it back into her.

Mother started to bounce up and down on my cock. Using her strength to ride me roughly, letting my cock slam deep into her womb with each drop. It made a gushy wet noise each time I slid into her, juices squirting and leaking all over my groin. My pelvis was covered in cum and cunt juice, but I didn’t care.

Waves of sexual desire flowed through me. Mom knew what she was doing, and her moves were taking me to new sexual heights. I had teased Mom for cumming so easily, but now it was me who was being taught a lesson. Of course, Mom might have cum on her own, but she ignored her pleasure and focused entirely on me, and it was to the point where I couldn’t even really tell.

Mom’s wet pussy was the juiciest thing I had ever fucked, and she rode my dick relentlessly without any release. It was incredible and I could barely think. I wasn’t going to last much longer like this, and Mom had no intention of stopping. Each thrust held an intensity and desire that shone in her lustful eyes. Each thrust filled her cunt up to the brink, our juices flowing readily across my cock. My body was covered in sweat, and the car had been turned into a sauna with our body heat. If the door was opened, assuredly steam would come out.

Each thrust, Mom dropped her ass harder, trying to slam my dick deeper. She kept moving harder and faster, and I couldn’t tell what she was abusing worse, her pussy or my cock. Mom took it all, not showing a single ounce of fatigue. Mom wanted me inside her. Mom wanted me as deep as I could get.

I was happy to oblige, and my hands came up and grabbed her jiggling ass. After getting a handful of my Mother’s voluptuous ass, I pulled it down, forcing her pussy to take another centimeter of cock. This time she gasped in delight as she felt me enter her just a bit more. I started to use my arms, picking up and dropping her ass. With the help of her legs, we made our love-making more violent and abrupt.

My balls slap against her pussy, making a resounding clap each time her pussy slammed down on me. This time, when she faltered for a bit, I could feel her pussy starting to twitch. My Mother was having a powerful orgasm and slowed her thrust in hopes of recovering so that she could keep going. Seeing my chance. My hands dug into her ass and my feet pushed off against the floor.

This time, my pelvis went up to meet hers instead of the other way around, and my hands held tightly onto her ass, forcing her hips to keep bobbing up and down on my cock. I started to thrust up into her wildly, taking over just as my Mother had reached her limit. Her mouth fell open and her eyes rolled up. Her hands flew up wildly, pushing against the ceiling of the car.

“Oh, fuck! Fuck… Noah… Fuck. Fuck… Fuck!” My mother who didn’t like cursing was suddenly quite the potty mouth.

“Yes… yes…” I responded through gritted teeth, trying to torture her pussy in the same way she had tortured my dick.

She pushed down on the ceiling, her body seeming to no longer be in control as her body contracted and twitched violently. From underneath, I kept ramming up, taking her gushing pussy with quick and brutal thrusts. The liquid was squirting out of her like an eruption, and her eyes were rolled up into her head as her body seemed trapped in the air, being pushed down her hands against the ceiling, but being slammed up by my thrusting hips.

I knew I couldn’t last either, and my cock began to explode, swelling intensely before cum shot out into my Mother for the second time. It shot out far more vigorously than before, and I didn’t know if it was because she was cumming so hard herself or because I came so much, but cum erupted out of her like a pressure valve that burst when it was overfilled.

“Ahhhnaaaaaiiaaaaa…” Mother’s arms seemed to fail, the feel of my cock erupting inside her being more than she could take.

Her body collapsed on top of me, still jerking wildly like with a powerful orgasm. Her pussy was like a suction cup, drinking all of my cum up without end. The pair of us remained like that, sitting back in the chair. I could feel Mother’s hot breath against my neck as she tried to breathe. I was panting just as hard. It was hot, and it was sweaty, but it was wonderful. I loved my mother.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

By the time the car drove up in the driveway, it was already dark out. Mom pulled up and then turned out the headlights, plunging us into the dark silence. Things had gotten pretty intense a short time ago, but once we had both finished satisfying ourselves, she had gotten back into the driver’s seat, straightened out her clothing, and then drove us back home. I had put my drained cock away, zipped up my pants, and righted my car seat. We hadn’t said another thing to each other. Compared to the times I had played with my sisters, this time felt much more awkward.

This woman was my mother. At the moment, we had said a lot and done a lot. Part of it had just come from frustration. Part of it came from a lingering desire. I also had to admit that part of it came from just wanting to burn everything to the ground. There was a time where Mom had been my last bastion of normalcy. I had teased her a few times when I was still getting used to this world, but I hadn’t banged her.

Then, my world was flipped upside down, and the next thing I know she was riding my cock while showing me expressions I never imagined I even wanted to see on her. Did I want this to happen? I didn’t even know, and I didn’t think mother knew either. However, it had happened. We had opened up the box, and now there was no hope of putting it back in.

“Moth-” I started.

“Noa- ahh… you go first.” Mother went at the same time I did.

“No, you go first.” I declared.

“Okay…” She let out a long breath. “Noah… I’m scared.”

I blinked, looking up at my mother as she stared out the front windshield into the darkness in front of our house. Her eyes looked tired, and her body looked stressed. I could see fear, frustration, and hopelessness too. It was etched into every line of her face. Perhaps for the first time, I looked at my mother… as a woman. I had always seen her as a rock, constantly keeping the family going. I started to realize just how vulnerable she was. More than that, she had been doing it all on her own.

“Mother…”

“The day your father brought you home… it destroyed me.” She continued. “I thought I could never love again, but then… I laid my eyes on you, and I realized you were all mine. I think… the reason that I stayed with your father for so long was that I didn’t want to lose you. I wanted to hold you and keep you for myself. I kept telling myself these were just normal feelings, but at some point, I knew I loved you more than anything. Noah, I don’t want a lose you. I’m afraid of things changing. I’m afraid of you growing up. I’m afraid of you leaving. Can’t I just… have you to myself?”

I reached out and grabbed her hands in her lap. “Mother, I already said it before. You’re not going to lose me. You’re my woman now. I won’t let you go.”

“Noah…” Her eyes started to tear up.

“As for having me by yourself, you already have a relationship with me no one else can have. You’re my mother. No matter what happens, that bond is forever.”

“Do you mean that?”

“Mother, I love you. I love every part of you. You’re incredible… and I don’t just mean your body. You’ve taken care of me my entire life. You’ve worked selflessly for a job you hate under a complete bitch scumbag of a boss who openly tried to ruin your life just so you could continue to support your family. Without any financial help from any of us or the support of a husband, you’ve managed to raise six incredible, beautiful women, and then me as well. You’re beyond amazing. You’re my mother.”

“Oh…” Her body shook, and tears started flowing down her cheeks. “Ah… damn… look at me crying like a man.”

“No…” I shook my head. “You’re just a woman.”

I leaned forward and kissed her lips gently, then pulled back. I used the sleeve of my shirt to wipe the tears from her cheeks. As I cleaned them away, her eyes lifted, and with beauty, I wondered how I could have seen her as anything but the incredible woman that she was.

As our eyes met, I felt my heart tightening. I recognized that look she was giving me. It was a look she had given me countless times before. It wasn’t a look from this life. It was a look from my previous life. When the roles were reversed, she had always shot me such a look. It only ever lasted for a fleeting second, and I always ignored it. It was usually right after we had a bad argument, or I had refused to do something that she asked me to do.

I used to think it was a look that said I was a disappointment. It was a look I had come to dread. It was one of the reasons I had been so eager to move out. As long as I got out of that house, I wouldn’t have to be judged by her.

It only took seeing it now, in the full context of our conversation, in a world that had been spun on its head, when I finally understood what that look meant. It was a look of sorrow. She was disappointed, but it was a disappointment in herself. It was a look begging for help. It was a look that wanted someone to hold her, to support her, and keep her going. Mother was the strongest woman I knew, but she was also as fragile as a flower.

“Wh-what?” She asked, seeming to notice the intense look I gave her.

“I’m… going to take responsibility.” As soon as I spoke the words, I knew that I meant them.

“Huh?”

“I’m going to take care of you. I’m going to take care of everyone.”

London had once asked me if I was going to keep playing around with women and doing whatever I wanted. I told her I wanted to be better. However, what had I changed? I had realized I had wanted more, but I didn’t know what I wanted. I supposed it took to this point to realize what I wanted. London had been wrong about one thing. She had said that my sisters would be my support. I should just lean on them and let them take care of me.

They had. All of them had been taking care of me, ever since the beginning. Not just in this world, but in the previous. I had just taken it for granted, and continued to live my life in a bubble in my room, only desiring to run away and escape my family as quickly as possible. I completely ignored a sister who was infatuated with me, a mother who was in love with me, and little sister who idolized me, a pair of twins who desired me, and a few big sisters who needed me.

I was all they expected from me in this world. After all, I was just a man. Yet, that was no longer satisfying. I wanted more. I wanted to support them back. I didn’t want to be a man of this world, and I didn’t want to be a man of that world either. I wanted to be a man for myself. I wanted to be the man of my house, and the man of my family. Yes, after all of it, that was the missing piece. I wanted my family.

“Mom, let’s go.” I smiled at her, even though she was still giving me a confused expression.

I couldn’t articulate my thoughts to her clearly. Rather, there was no point in telling her. It was just better that I showed her. I had spent my time in this world struggling aimlessly. The only reason I hadn’t fallen into a bad end was that I was being supported by so many women. London, Mackenzie, Dawn, Kristy, Kelsey, and even Bethany had all been looking out for me behind the scenes. Mother had as well. Now, it was time I looked out for them.

We entered the house to see the light was on, and to my surprise, six girls were standing in our small kitchen waiting for us. Mother was just as shocked as she walked in behind me to see everyone up and waiting.

“Noah!”

“Noah…”

“Brother.”

“Wh-what are you all doing here?”

I was a bit flustered. I had only just come to this revelation, and suddenly I was confronted by everyone. Not to mention Mother and I had just been having sex, and anyone who looked closely might notice the signs. Even London had shown up, and she didn’t live here!

“Bethany told us what happened!” London spoke up first. “How could we not be worried?”

Bethany looked down, blushing slightly, but then her hand made a fist, and she glared up as if she was asserting she had every right to tell everyone.

“H-happened?” Mother didn’t handle the surprise much better than me.

“You were attacked and raped by a woman in the office?” Mackenzie looked like it was obvious.

Oh, right! That happened today too! That would be the thing Bethany would have talked about. She hadn’t been around for the rest of it.

“I’m fine,” I tried to wave it off.

“How can you be fine?” Kristy cried out.

“If I see that woman, I’m going to kick her ass!” Kelsey punched her fist into her hand.

“Mom, are you going to do anything about it?” London asked. “We should press charges.”

“Ah… about that…” Mom glanced at me, and I realized instantly what her hesitation was.

If she had pushed things with her Boss, then she would have assuredly retaliated by telling everyone exactly what she had told me. In other words, she had been using blackmail to keep Mother in line all this time. Even though I knew, it wasn’t like any of my sister’s new. Only London even knew about the affair she had with dad.

“Mom… they have a right to know.” I declared.

“Noah…” Mom’s eyes were locked on me while the other girls looked between us in confusion.

Mom looked at me, and I saw that fearful and desperate look once again. I reached out and took her hand.

“Mom, it will be okay.” I squeezed her hand.

Mom relaxed just slightly and then gave the slightest nod.

“What is going on?” Mackenzie demanded, her eyes specifically landing on our holding hands.

I dropped Mom’s hands, and then I reached out and grabbed Mackenzie. She jerked slightly, but she didn’t resist as I grabbed her hands too.

“I found out something today, and I need to tell you.” I looked around at each of the girls watching. “I need to tell all of you.”

Mother bit her lip. London, perhaps guessing the direction this was going, walked over and put her arm around Mother, already preparing for the worst. The other girl’s eyes were all on me.

“Wh-why are you being serious all of a sudden?” Mackenzie looked slightly nervous.

“I don’t know how else to say it. Eighteen years ago, mom was at a work-related party. She got drunk, and they had a man… he went in while she was asleep.” I faltered slightly as bile and anger rose in me. “Mother got pregnant.”

Mackenzie frowned slightly. “Eighteen years… that…”

It was London who got it first. She gasped.

“You’re mothers but not fathers,” I explained, giving Kelsey who was lagging behind the answer.

“Shit! She’s our half-sister? Ow!” Kelsey cried out, only to be punched in the arm by Kristy.

“A year later…” I continued, causing Mackenzie to tense as she realized there was more. “Dad had an affair… and brought me home.”

“Noah…”

“I’m not your biological brother.” I declared. “I might not be anything more than a half-brother.”

“Mom?” London asked.

“I’m sorry I never told you. I planned to tell you all when you were old enough, but everyone was already so distant, I was afraid of what would happen when you all knew the truth.” Mother’s voice shook a bit with emotion as she spoke.

“Unreal…” Kelsey spoke wide-eyed.

“Am I?” Dawn asked.

“You’re ours.” Mom said. “As for Bethany and the twins… you’re definitely ours as well.”

“What… did you say?” Mackenzie suddenly asked, drawing everyone’s eyes.

Was she in shock?

“I said… I’m not your broth-ow!” She flicked my forehead.

“Don’t be stupid.”

“Wh-what?”

“You’re my brother. You’re all of our brother. They’re all my sisters. That’s our mom.”

“Mackenzie…” Mom looked at Mackenzie with teary eyes.

Everyone was looking at Mackenzie.

“What? Nothing has changed! Brother is brother, and nothing in the world will change how I feel about him!”

Her words were like a gong, snapping all of the other girls out of it. None of them had been very bothered by Mackenzie’s action. Well, their dad had walked out on them and was a bit of a deadbeat from the beginning, so whether he was her dad or not didn’t matter to her. My news seemed to have affected everyone, and Mackenzie’s words had broken through that moment.

“I wasn’t saying Brother wasn’t Brother,” Dawn grumbled.

“Of course, he is.” London nodded, smiling.

Mom’s haunted look started to melt away, and her relaxed experience seemed to make her look even more beautiful. “Mm! He’s my son!”

“I love my big brother!” Kristy smiled.

“Plus, his dick is big and feels amazing!” Kelsey declared.

Everyone froze, turning to Kelsey. It was just like her to ruin a moment.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Has Noah really had sex with everyone here?” Mackenzie cried out.

“Kelsey!” Kristy kicked her.

“Ow! I was just saying.”

“Brother… you’re really naughty.” Dawn sighed, crossing her arms.

“Even Mom?” London’s eyes popped open. “Noah, please say you didn’t bang my mom!”

“W-well… she’d technically not my mom, so…” I responded weakly.

“Haha… why, you’re worried this old woman has a better pussy?”

“How can that be?” Mackenzie snapped defensively. “It was just a pity throw with you.”

“What are you saying? We didn’t even need protection. I was definitely better.”

“I’m the first sister he had sex with.” Dawn declared. “First shows his preference.”

“I have both experience and youth.” London declared. “Plus, I’m a doctor, so I know what I’m doing.”

“Experience? Doesn’t that mean your pussy is already used?” Dawn made a face. “Virgin pussy is always tighter.”

“Calling your Frankenstein monster pussy virgin is laughable!” Mackenzie snorted. “It was probably filthy and unwashed.

“I washed my pussy before he stuck it in!” Dawn responded defensively.

“We double-teamed him!” Kelsey’s competitive side got the best of her. “Even guys fantasize about twins. He prefers us! Right Twinsy?”

“Please stop talking,” Kristy responded, her face crimson over this conversation.

“W-well, he stuck it in my ass!” Mackenzie declared, causing everyone to look at her. “Ah… so, clearly, I’m the best.”

“You know what? The only way we’ll get an answer is from Noah himself!” Kelsey declared, causing every eye to turn to me. “Hey, Noah! Which was your favorite pussy?”

“Wh-what are you asking?” I cried out, wondering how the conversation had so quickly devolved into this. “Uh… choosing between two sunsets…”

“Yeah, but mom’s sunset would have been a cloudy day with a chance of rain.” London chuckled.

“Oh, it rained alright.” Mom grinned.

“Gross…”

“Okay, maybe that wasn’t a fair question… how about who is just the tightest?” Kelsey still seemed to be determined for an answer.

“Can you tell them my pussy was clean?” Dawn cried out.

“Her pussy was filthy, wasn’t it?” Mackenzie asked.

“Okay, maybe my pussy wasn’t the tightest, but it was the wettest, right?” London admitted.

I held up my hands. “Girls! Stop!”

I was a bit surprised when they all did. My family was pretty crazy. Just listening to all of this, it was pretty clear that the cat being out of the bag didn’t seem to change anything. I had slept with every girl. I wouldn’t say they all necessarily had feelings for me. There was love there, but the sex part had been purely physical. You could care about and love someone without being in a sexual relationship with them, and if you were in a sexual relationship with them, it didn’t mean it needed to be something more.

Seeing the girls all get along really did warm my heart. I was just about to open my mouth when I suddenly realized one of them had been very quiet. I remember that I hadn’t slept with every girl! There was one who had been out of the loop. I turned to the side, only to see Bethany there, a bit shocked, with her mouth open.

“You… had sex with everyone?” She asked, tears forming in her eyes.

The way she said that felt like a dagger in my heart for some reason.

“Um… You see…”

“Oh? You spared your little sister?” Mom asked.

“Oh, shit, Bethany’s still a virgin.”

“Whatever!” Bethany shouted. “I don’t care! I didn’t want brother’s skanky cock anyway!”

“Bethany!” Mom frowned.

She looked at all of the girls accusingly, and then she spun away, racing off to her room. The door slammed a moment later.

“What’s she so upset about? Can she even get wet? Owww!” Kelsey snorted, only to get pinched by Kristy.

“I think we all got a bit too riled up.” Mom sighed. “I’ll go talk to her.”

“No.” I stopped her. “I’ll go talk to her.”

Mom hesitated for a moment and then nodded. This was a problem that I had caused. I needed to step up and talk to her. I needed to start taking responsibility, and I’d start with my little sister. I had known her feelings for a while. Ever since I had helped her with that bully, I had known she was enamored with me. She had started working out and trying to be a stronger woman, all because she wanted to win my affection.

Today, she had saved me from a bad situation, and rather than get rewarded, she was abandoned at home while I went off with Mom. Then, she discovered that the boy she was pursuing had already been with all of her big sisters. It had to be a blow for her. As I left the kitchen, I heard Kelsey muttering behind me.

“Is he going to bang her?”

“Okay, that’s it, who’s in favor of waterboarding Kelsey. Say Ai.”

“””“Aii!””””

“Wait, what? You guys are joking, right?” What are you doing? Why are you pulling me outside? What are you doing with that gardening hose?”

I didn’t hear anything else after the door slammed shut. My focus was instead on my little sister’s room. She had locked her door, but we had those doors that could be forced open with a bit of jimmying. I didn’t hesitate to grab a wire and pop open her lock. If I had ever done something like this before roles were reversed, she would have screamed her head off and called me all manner of names. However, as I stepped into her room, it was silent. Bethany was lying on her bed, her face shoved in her pillow, her butt slightly raised.

She was wearing her loose-fitting shorts, the scandalous ones that had always used to catch my eye and get me in trouble with her. I closed and locked the door behind me, and then walked over to the bed and sat down. She didn’t say anything or move from her position.

“Bethany.” She didn’t respond to me. “Bethany, you’re my cute little sister. I do love you.”

She still didn’t move. Her silence felt somewhat reminiscent to me of our relationship in the past. She barely even talked to me or acknowledged I was there. If I even looked at her, she’d immediately close the door, cover herself, and at best she’d call me a pervert. I didn’t believe that Bethany was secretly infatuated with me like Mackenzie was. Rather, her interest in me only came after I had inserted myself into her life.

As I thought about it, I began to wonder if that was the point. Bethany had felt alone. As the youngest, she had always felt like the one who was left behind and forgotten. Maybe, the point was that she wanted to reach out to her. She had closed herself off in her room. The other girls all had the things they worried about. The twins had each other, and that would make it difficult for Bethany to relate to them. Dawn was worried about her future, while Mackenzie had her issues. London was never there, and Mother was too busy working and trying to keep everything together. As a result, Bethany was always on her own, a background character.

However, I didn’t feel that way about my little sister at all. I had always seen her as a pretty and adorable girl. I had naturally found her sexy, and perhaps because of that, I had kept my distance. I was no longer willing to keep my distance from those I loved. My eyes fell to her butt again, where those loose shorts hung off her skin, barely covering her naughty parts. Every time I had seen her lounging around in her room, wearing a small shirt that showed her midriff and those shorts which didn’t have panties underneath, I had wanted to do something.

My hand reached out and pulled aside the material, giving me a view of her tight, pink slit. She didn’t specifically react, but I could see her body tensing. My fingers moved forward, slowly stroking along that smooth, closed entrance. By that point, I had enough experience with girls that I knew how to tease them and how to touch them. My index finger slowly ran its way up and down the opening, increasing pressure with each stroke. I watched the back of my sister’s head as I did it, wondering just what kind of cute face she was making.

My finger started to move more intensely, and her slit began to give way to a wet inside. As her lips pulled away, my finger sunk into her. However, I remained just on the inside, still running my finger up and down. She let out a whimper into her pillow. She started to move her knees, pushing her butt up more and giving me more access. Her body was telling me exactly what she wanted.

I brought my thumb around, pushing into her untarnished lips and finding the nub at the top of her pussy. As my index finger continued to slide through her moist lips, my thumb began to rub her clitoris. Her body shook slightly, and I could feel her insides contracting a bit. Was my naughty little sister already orgasming. I could faintly hear the sound of panting in her pillow.

Feeling even more inflamed, my finger began to flick up and down, a lewd wet noise coming from her cunt. Her clitoris must have been very sensitive, because it was only a few moments later when her body began to shake, and I could feel her insides contracting again. This time, a gush of liquid made her pussy lips wet. They started to glisten with lust.

“Mmm…mmm… mmm!” She let out cute noises, her hands clenching her pillow tightly as she tried to control herself.

I had enough play, and her moaning and erotic body were pushing me to the edge. I began to push one finger into her, taking her slowly.

“You know what, sister?” I whispered in her ear. “I think you might end up being the tightest…”

“Mm! Mmmm ahhh!” She had jerked her head up at my words, and without the pillow blocking her she let out such a sweet sound.

Her face turned red, and she shoved it back into her pillow. However, my finger was already inside her up to the knuckle, and I started to slide it in and out of her while my thumb continued to torture her clitoris. I could feel her cumming again. This tight, the tight walls of her pussy clamped against my finger, suckling it desperately. I moved my finger faster and faster. I didn’t put a second finger in her, although she was wet enough to accept one. I didn’t want to tear my poor sister apart. I just wanted to tease her a bit more.

As I picked up the pace, a wet gushing sound followed every time my finger plunged inside her. The liquid was running down my fingers, my sister gushing out lewdly from my touches. She finally gave up on the pillow. She was panting so much that she couldn’t have a pillow blocking her or she would hyperventilate. Once she was free of her restraints, I could hear all the sounds she made.

“Ahn… Ahh… ahhh… brother… Ahhh…” She moaned in a chime-like voice.

This only encouraged me to move faster and faster, the slick wet noises becoming a rapid sucking sound. Her voice raised, and her back arched forcefully.

“Ahhhhn! C-cumming!” She moaned.

Her body shook as her body spasmed more powerfully than she did before. Her body began to tremor, and a bunch of liquid leaked out in a squirt all over my hand. It was much more powerful than all of the previous orgasms. When Bethany reached the end, she finally collapsed on her bed, still gasping for more breath. Seeing her there like that, I might have gone a bit overboard.

“Bethany, I’m always going to be there for you,” I whispered in her ear. “I’m also never going to leave you alone. You’re my cute little sister, and also my hero.”

I kissed her temple. She looked up at me, a slightly surprised expression on her face.

“I-I didn’t do anything.”

“You saved me,” I responded. “If you didn’t come when you did, I might have seriously lost my mind. Instead, you allowed me to realize something about myself. For that, I will never forget. That’s why you’re my hero, and why I’ll always be your brother.”

“What did you realize?” She asked, her breath still hard, her face flush.

“It’s time I stopped being a boy and started being a man.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The weekend had passed and school was back in session. The day had continued without too much problem, but after finishing class, my teacher had given me the look. This was the look that said I needed to stay after class so she could get her rocks off on my cock. She first had taken a phone call, sending me to her back room where we frequently engaged in each other while she spoke to someone angrily on the phone. I waited in the room for her to finish her conversation, trying to come up with the right words.

I couldn’t hear Diana’s conversation, but she sounded somewhat annoyed. Before I could get a word out, she had hung up, entered the room, and shut the door roughly with a thud. Then, she turned to me with a horny look in her eyes.

“Pull out your cock.” Diana declared as she locked the door behind her, the cellphone gripped tightly in her hand.

We didn’t meet for sex every day after school, but it wasn’t uncommon that after a weekend apart from that she’d come in horny and starving for dick. Once she got what she wanted, she’d leave me alone for a few days, but then when her horniness returned, she’d always be back.

Normally, I would have just whipped it out and played with her a bit. Our sessions lacked a bit in the romantic department. She had once finished and then kicked me out before I finished, but usually, it was a fun ride and I’d get to finish in or on her. Plus, it guaranteed me good grades, so it seemed to be a relationship toward everyone’s advantage. I struggled in some classes like history, where everything was just a bit off. This was the one class I was doing the best in, and it was enough to keep my mom off my back about my grades. Yet, my good grade was entirely earned because I had started an affair with the teacher.

I had first done it just to see if I could. After that, we continued to have our affairs after class. On some days, she had tried to bully me to reassert her dominance as my teacher, and at other points, I used blackmail and turned her into a submissive. One could say that it wasn’t a healthy relationship, and if any of my sisters learned about it, they wouldn’t be as understanding as they were with my other relationships with the girls my age or even Mom and London.

However, I had decided with everyone. I wasn’t going to fool around anymore and I was going to take responsibility for my family. That meant putting my foot down and cutting out some of the more volatile relationships in my life. I considered my relationship with my teacher to be one of those toxic relationships. I looked her up and down, her tits hanging out, her eyes filled with lust.

“Yeah, um… about that…” I got out, not quite sure how to start.

“No talk…” She reached up and pulled down her blouse, exposing her tits out the top. “I’m going to squeeze your dick with my pussy so tightly.”

“Look, Diana, I’ve been thinking about things…” I tried again.

“We both know that thinking isn’t your best attribute.” She smirked, walking up to me until her body was pressing me against the desk. “I need your cock in my pussy right now.”

“I was hoping we could talk for a bit.” I declared.

“I’m not in the mood to talk.” She declared, putting her cellphone down on the desk and then grabbing my pants to start to unzip them. “My husband has a dinner plan tonight. The in-laws are coming over and she wants me home early, so I’m short on time. I want some release before I get home and have to deal with that nightmare.”

I reached down and grabbed her wrists, trying to stop her aggressive handiwork. “I’ve decided it’s about time we reevaluated our relationship.”

“What relationship?” She sneered. “You give me that dick, and I keep your grades up. That’s all there is to us… wait… some other girl didn’t get pregnant with your dick, right?”

“What?”

“I’ve heard all about men who get some girl pregnant and try to make another girl take care of it.” She frowned.

“How would that even work in this world?” I gave an incredulous look before shaking my head. “No, that’s not what I meant.”

“You’re not asking me to get pregnant, right?”

“No! What’s with you and pregnancy?”

“Guys always want to trick girls into getting pregnant. You’ll say something like… it’s okay if we go raw; you can trick your husband into thinking it’s his. Then, you tell my husband, get a paternity test, and force me a married woman to leave her boy for you. Don’t act like you men don’t do shit like that.” Her face had an ugly look on it, but a second later she took a breath and then gave me a strangely fake-looking smile and reached up and touched my cheek. “Look, I know what you’re thinking…”

“You do?”

“You’re in love with me now.” She declared, her words lacking any hesitation. “I know how vulnerable a boy’s heart can be, especially a teenager like you. When we started this relationship, I had realized the possibility that you would fall for me. How could you not fall for a woman who had given you so much attention?”

“I can’t believe you’re serious…”

“Don’t worry about it.” She smiled. “Because I love you too.”

My eyes widened. “You do?”

“Of course. You’re wonderful. You’re hot, sexy, and you have a wonderful dick. You’re perfect, and you’ve taken a place in my heart. That’s why I can’t control myself right now in front of you. My husband is a complete jerk. He doesn’t meet my needs at all. On the other hand, you’re really special to me.” Her hands stroked my cheek gently. “In time, I want to leave him, to be with you.”

“I… um… don’t know what to say.”

Her words were shocking. I had prepared all kinds of arguments and techniques to end our relationship, but I hadn’t been prepared for something like this. I didn’t know how to respond to such a heartfelt confession.

“You don’t have to say anything.” She responded, putting a finger over my lips and pressing her body against mine. “We can talk more about this later. Let’s finish first. I’ll make you feel good, and then we can talk more about ourselves later on. Okay…”

“Oka… oh… wow…” It finally clicked with that last part.

It took my mind a bit to realize her intent, and it was that age-old practice of flipping the genders around before I truly noticed what was going on. At first, I had been considering my relationship with Diana toxic. I didn’t love her, so her believing I did caught me off guard. Then, she just confessed to me out of nowhere. It caused me to think that if she cared about me that much, how could I break it off? I wanted to sort my life, not break her heart. I had just about been ready to agree with everything she said and then give her sex, but that was her goal in the first place.

Diana was lying through her teeth! I originally thought her confession of love was dubious, but after all of those sweet and sincere words, I had almost fallen for it. I had taken them at face value, not thinking she’d do something like lie. Since being in this world, most of my interactions with women had been rather honest. It was men who acted backstabbing and duplicitous. Of course, I had also given men everything they wanted from me. I had never really turned anyone down for any kind of sexual play. Even would-be molesters got their fill.

Diana was an older woman, and she had more relationship experience than I could gain in just a few months. I was used to my family who truly loved me, and my girlfriends who were young, inexperienced, and horny. It had never come up that I tried to back out of sex, so I had never seen this side of women before.

However, the more I thought about it, the more I realized just how bad it was. She confessed her love to me just so I’d fuck her. It was just like one of those long-running relationships where a guy would be dating some mistress, and he’d promise he’d leave his wife only to continue to have both women. The mistress would keep bugging him and keep bugging him, and he’d keep making false promises and devotions of love. It was only after she cornered him that the truth would come out. Wait, didn’t those stories usually end up with one of the two dead?

My hesitation was all the hesitation that Diana needed. She immediately began to fumble with my pants again, trying to pull out my dick. However, I wasn’t very aroused, and it was still soft. She grabbed it roughly, pulling on it like she just expected it to magically get hard for her.

“I’m not in the mood,” I responded in a deadpan voice.

“I’ll make you hard.” She chuckled, pulling on my dick harder like she thought it was a rope switch.

I was feeling increasingly annoyed by her blatantly lying. I had never had all that much pity for my teacher, but the little pity I did have was quickly collapsing due to her behavior. My desire to end this relationship was restored a hundred-fold.

“That hurts…”

“Nonsense… it’ll start to feel good soon.” She seemed focused, her hand reaching up to my shirt and grabbing at my nipples.

“I think we should break up!” I snapped, getting her to stop for a moment.

“What?” Her voice sounded slightly threatening.

“You’re a teacher, I’m a student. We should just return to that.”

“You… want to have that conversation now?” She demanded, her expression growing angrier.

“What other time did you want to have that conversation, during class?”

“Don’t get smart with me!” She snapped, but then her face started to smooth out again like it did once before. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to act that way. You’re just a little confused. A young boy is a bundle of emotions-”

“Oh, my god, it’s fucking over!”

How did women deal with a guy like that without smacking him in the face? It wasn’t just condescending, but it was complete bullshit too. My words finally seemed to get through, and she finally pulled her hands off of me. I let out a breath. I had known things might be a little messy, but I was counting on her place as a teacher and her own common sense to make it easier. Since she was finally getting it, I relaxed slightly.

“Do you want to break up?” She demanded. “Have you thought about this?”

Her voice had taken on a different quality that I didn’t like any better. She now sounded like a school teacher who was scolding a student she had caught cheating on a test. She was using her authority to try to confuse and scare me into compliance? Once she triggered my bullshit alarm the first time, I was able to quickly pick up on all future bullshit.

I gave a nod, making sure I looked her directly in the eyes. I took her head-on. I wondered a bit how long she was going to give me that severe and disapproving look, but when she finally realized she couldn’t get me to look away, she made an irritated tsk with her lips.

“I’m not going to be giving you any leeway with your grades from now on. If you want to pass the class, you’re on your own.” She declared.

“I understand.”

I also understood the part she didn’t say. She was probably going to grade me harder than anyone else, even knocking my grades down in retaliation. This would just have to be the consequence of my choice. After another moment of awkward silence, she stepped aside. I went for the door, unlocked it, and then left the room. That was harder than I expected, and that was just the first step. I had a lot more to do.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Noah, are you ready to go?” Samantha asked. “Abigail’s giving us a dirty look and I’d rather get moving.”

I nodded. “Yeah, just let me get my bag.”

I fetched my backpack out of my locker and then slammed it shut. I looked down the hallway where Abigail was watching us. She was half-hidden behind the corner and was staring at the pair of us intently. I gave her a wave and a smile. Her face flickered slightly, and then she slinked back out of sight.

“I don’t know what you see in her. She’s a creep.” Samantha complained. “Even the guys think so.”

“I wonder what other guys think of you?” I asked, smirking slightly.

“Ah! That… um… probably that I’m an uncool loser nerd.” She laughed awkwardly.

“I don’t know…” I smirked moving closer to her. “I see a beautiful, sexy hotty and my best friend.”

Her face turned red. “N-Noah…”

There was a slam on a locker, and we both turned to see Abigail glaring again like a disapproving chaperone. This relationship where I was dating both of them wasn’t as free-spirited as the relationship I had with my sisters and mother. Abigail and Samantha didn’t exactly get along. They both tolerated each other, but it wasn’t like they were friends. Mackenzie might secretly have a cuckold fetish, but that didn’t mean these girls enjoyed the idea of me being with other women.

The pair had ended up agreeing, some kind of pact between them. They had me on alternating days, no exceptions. If I wasn’t available that day or they had plans, it was too bad. The other also couldn’t take advantage of those days. Also, there was no touching or romantic gestures at school. No kissing, sex, or hugs. Naturally, if I was seen kissing or hugging both women, it wouldn’t just hurt my reputation, but it’d hurt theirs as well. I was willing to agree with such conditions.

I wasn’t sure how long this peace treaty would last, but for the moment, it was good enough for me. I wondered what would happen if I tried to bring Anna into it. I hadn’t spoken to her recently. I needed to call her too. The problem was that I didn’t know what to do if I did.

I had used her as a ride several times. I had teased her with sex and then got her to do things for me, even forcing her to break the rules and risk getting in trouble for me. Then, after all of that, I had ghosted her. She hadn’t sent me any texts, but neither had I. Well, since the situation was reversed, maybe she was ghosting me? Either way, would it be the responsible thing to give her the sex she desired, or break it off with her completely? I genuinely didn’t know. It wasn’t easy taking responsibility.

Tonight, however, I had other responsibilities. I had set up another study date with Samantha. After catching us together in Samantha’s room, her parents didn’t’ seem to blame me at all. Rather, they quite liked me. In the case of her mother Jennifer, her desires were obvious. She wanted me to come over so she could unload her desires on me.

It was for that reason that I wanted to go to Samantha’s house. In line with my desire to shape up, that also pushed me into wanting to end the toxic relationships in my life, and other than the teacher I was blackmailing, it was my relationship with Samantha’s mother that felt the most self-destructive. Before being my girlfriend, Samantha was a friend, and I did care about her, so I knew that this kind of stuff had to end.

I had already discussed things with my mom. No, I didn’t tell her I was sleeping with Jennifer. I didn’t know how she’d react if she learned I was sleeping with someone else’s mom too. When the girls got jealous and when they didn’t mind was a confusing land mine that I still didn’t fully comprehend. Mom knew where I was going and had given me permission. I was going to leave with Samantha. We were going to be picked up by her dad, we’d go to her house, and then we’d study. If her mom put the moves on me, then I’d break it off just like I did with my teacher.

That was the plan, but when the car pulled up and I glanced in it, I was dismayed to see that it wasn’t her dad that was picking us up, but her mom. Her mom also had a wide grin on her face as soon as she looked at me. If Samantha was paying attention, it would have been really obvious to see the relationship we had, or maybe it was just my own nervousness telling me that.

As soon as I saw Jennifer, I started to get in the back of the car with Samantha, only to regrettably hear her speak up. “You know the rules. You can’t sit together. Only proper distance between you two. Noah, why don’t you sit up here?”

“Mom! You’re right there. There is nothing we can do!” Samantha whined. “And why are you picking us up anyway?”

“That’s your dad’s rules. He’s busy right now. He’s having a spa day.”

“A spa day? When does dad take a spa day?”

“When I buy him one.” Mom snorts, but then she shoots me a wink where her daughter couldn’t see.

I couldn’t help but swallow hard as I moved to the front seat, sitting down next to Jennifer. Samantha’s dad was the one safety factor in all of this. For my teacher, we were in school and she naturally couldn’t make a scene. For Jennifer, it was her husband being nearby. Yet, she had apparently accounted for that. She had sent her husband away by giving him a spa day, just so that she could have some alone time with me. My plan was already hitting some hiccups. I just had to remain firm and end things as painlessly as possible. Yet, I could feel Jennifer checking me out, and I didn’t dare look back to see if Samantha was even noticing.

“I have an idea.” Jennifer suddenly announced. “How about I take you two out for ice cream before we go back to the house.”

“Huh? Why?” Samantha asked from behind me.

“You’re going to be studying, right? You’ll need sugar to keep your energy up.” She smiled at me.

Did every smile seem like a flirt, or was it just me? I decided to play clueless for now. At the very least, if Samantha saw it as this one-sided thing, it’d only be her mother to blame.

“Sure, I can use some ice cream.” I used the opportunity to look back at Samantha, only to see she was using her phone and wasn’t looking at her mother at all.

“Yeah, sure, whatever.” She responded without looking up.

My friendly look grew sour, and as I turned back away, I got a peek at her mom’s predatory look. Have some damn awareness, Samantha! It’s the kind of behavior that would turn someone into a cuck. She already was sharing me with several others, so she was already there. I cleared my throat and stiffened a bit, but it wasn’t like I could do anything to flag her down or warn her. Thus, I could only wait as we drove off from the school and headed to wherever she was going to drive us. I didn’t understand what her plan was. Was she trying to bribe me with ice cream? Did she think that sugar was an aphrodisiac? I definitely couldn’t follow her thought process.

We pulled into an ice cream stand, and I was a bit surprised to see that the line was out the door. It wasn’t even that hot out, being early spring, but it was really busy.

“What will you have?” Jennifer asked.

“Just vanilla,” I responded.

She nodded, pulling money out of her wallet, and then turning back and shoving it in front of Samantha. “I’ll have a fried ice cream, and he’ll have a vanilla.”

“Hey, what? I’m supposed to get it?”

“Heh, aren’t you the dutiful girlfriend? You won’t even get your boyfriend an ice cream? Did I raise such a lazy daughter?”

Samantha glanced at her mom, and then me. I didn’t have an expression on my face that I was aware of, but my eyes held a bit of pleading that she would understand the situation. However, Samantha remained dense, giving a sigh, and then opening the door and walking out. Her mom hadn’t even parked close to the line. It was literally on the other side of the stand. The area we were in was sort of hidden and private.

“Oh…” I let the word out loud as I realized what was happening.

“A vanilla boy…” Jennifer leaned toward me, and it was only then that I noticed she wasn’t wearing a bra. “You’re so innocent. I’m going to have to teach you all kinds of new… flavors.”

I couldn’t help but look away, not sure if I wanted to cry or laugh. “I’m not that innocent.”

“We’ll see…” She reached out and grabbed my dick through my pants, immediately going for the zipper.

I grabbed her wrists, which felt somewhat familiar with what I had to do with my teacher only a short time before.

“What are you doing?” I tried to use logic first. “There are people everywhere. Your daughter will be back any minute!”

“Hehe… that line takes at least fifteen minutes to get through, and I also ordered fried ice cream. They have to make that special and it will take almost ten minutes. The way I see it, we have almost a half-hour before she gets back.”

“S-seriously?”

She had gone that far just to get some dick? She even had this place scoped out and had the timing right just so she could play grab-ass with her daughter’s boyfriend?

“Oh, don’t worry. This is just the hors d’oeuvres. I’m just going to get you warmed up. When we get to my house, that’s when the real fun begins. My husband is away, and I got enough chores and errands to keep Samantha busy while I entertain you. Heh, I can’t wait to see your cumming face as she cluelessly goes about her chores.”

“Do you want to do that to your daughter?” I asked incredulously.

“Samantha needs to learn that men are just a bunch of sluts. I’m teaching her a good lesson. I’m older and probably won’t get this chance again. Samantha will have plenty of time to find another… or if she sticks with you, I wonder how long we can keep this going. Fondling the groom on his wedding night sounds fun!” As she said this, she went to kiss me, but I turned my head away.

“No!”

She stopped for a second, pulling back slightly. “No?”

“I’ve been thinking about this lately, and I think we should break it off. I care about Samantha, and I don’t want to hurt her. I think it’s just better for both of us if we had a clean break!” I declared with my eyes closed, not managing to be any more elegant than my previous time.

I waited for a moment and hearing nothing, I opened my eyes to see Jennifer still staring at me. However, she didn’t look stunned like my teacher did. Instead, she looked amused.

“No, I think not.” She responded after a moment.

“What?”

“As long as you keep seeing my daughter, you’re going to have to keep fucking me.” She responded, reaching out and tapping my nose playfully. “If you don’t, I’ll just tell her, and your relationship will be ruined.”

I shook my head in confusion. “I could tell your husband just as easily. If either of us tells…”

“I believe that’s what they call a mutually assured destruction.” Jennifer giggled. “Now that I’ve had a taste of you, I’m not giving it up. Come on now, don’t be so surprised. I asked around about you with some of Samantha’s peers. You have a reputation in school for being a complete pussy slut. I know Samantha isn’t your only girlfriend, and I know you still want to fuck me.”

She grabbed the neck of her blouse and pulled it down, causing her large tits to pop out the top. “So, let’s stop wasting time, and get hard for mommy!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“I really mean it…” I tried to fend off Jennifer’s hands as she grew more aggressive. “Are you really going to destroy your relationship with your daughter over this? What about your husband?”

I was completely shocked that she seemed unmoved by my protesting. She was an adult, after all, and she had a husband and kids. The idea that she’d act this way and be so reckless just left me shocked. I wanted to be firm with her, but the only thing getting firm was my erection, which seemed to betray me. As soon as she saw it erect, she was like a hyena pouncing on it. She grabbed it in her hands and started stroking.

“You’re saying that like Samantha is even my husbands…”

I jerked up, feeling like I was slapped. “She’s not?”

“Are you sad you’re not my first affair?” She asked with a mocking tone. “I had an affair back then and became pregnant. Samantha’s real father was not the kind of man I wanted taking care of my home, so I naturally married my current husband instead.”

She spoke those words casually and then leaned down in my lap, her mouth heading for my cock. Her words had caused me to freeze in my place. What were the chances that my childhood friend had such a similar upbringing as me?

The only difference was that where my mom and dad failed to stay together, Jennifer had successfully hoodwinked her husband and remained married all of this time. How many other affairs had Jennifer had over the years. I had always taken for granted her pursuit of me, but I was starting to realize that Samantha’s mom was a bit of a predator.

That left me thinking about my father, who had similarly cheated on my mother and then dumped her with me. When dad had recently reappeared in my life, all I had wanted was to reconnect with him. After finding out what mom had done, it became all too easy dumping all responsibility on her and forgiving dad his irresponsibility. Yet, he had taken money from mom, put me into several dangerous situations, and didn’t give a single shit about my safety.

Samantha’s mom was the same way. Was Jennifer any better than my father? Just as I was thinking that I felt her tongue touch my cock. I reacted suddenly, my mind already reaching a point of panic. I turned away, trying to keep her from touching me. My knee went up and hit her face. She pulled back, grabbing her eyes and letting out a cry.

“Shit! What the hell?”

“You’re a real piece of shit!” I shouted, glaring at her angrily.

“Me?” She snapped back, covering one eye. “You’re cheating on my daughter just as much as I’m having an affair. Who’s the real piece of shit? Fuck, that hurt.”

“I’m leaving.” I tried to unlock the door, but she immediately hit the lock.

“You’re not going anywhere!” She responded darkly, reaching out and grabbing my arm.

“Stop it! We’re done.” I shot back, trying again to unsuccessfully unlock the door.”

“I didn’t say you can leave.” She reached out, grabbing at my clothing and trying to rip it off.

I realized she was trying to pull off my pants. The more I looked at her, the more I grew angry. My anger wasn’t directed at her. I cared for Samantha, and it did suck that she had such a piece of shit mother, but it was my dad that was burning in the back of my mind. I had tried to reconnect with him. I tried to be the son he wanted. Yet, he had left me. He had abandoned me, never once showing me how to be a man. Was it so surprising I screwed up so much?

I kicked with my feet, shoving my back against the door. I kicked her arm, causing her to let out a scream. She then lunged at me, her hands going for my throat. At least, that’s what I thought, but she immediately grabbed my chest and tried to rip off my shirt. She was like an animal, completely losing her reason.

“Stop! I said stop!” I shouted as her nails scratched my chest and I tried to kick her off of me.

Her breasts were still out and flapping in my face, and my pants were halfway down my knees. This was a somewhat laughable situation, but I wasn’t smiling. I was angry and scared. I felt confusion and desperation.

I heard the click of a door open, and suddenly Jennifer was being pulled out from the driver’s side. She was pulled right out of the car, and it was only then that I saw it was Samantha. She had grabbed her mother by the ankles and yanked her right out of the car. Our eyes met. I was half unclothed and breathing hard, while Samantha just had a stunned look on her face.

“What are you doing?” Samantha asked.

Their actions had drawn a few other spectators, but they all remained far enough back. Either way, the cat was out of the bag now. Jennifer crawled back up to her feet and shot Samantha a glare.

“It’s none of your business, kid. I was just putting a slut in his place.”

“That’s my boyfriend!” Samantha snapped, her eyes narrowing.

Jennifer grinned. “He’s just a fuck boy, and you know it.”

“Y-you asshole… I’m telling dad.” Samantha took a step back.

I used the opportunity to unlock the car door and stumble out the other side. I put my stuff away and quickly tried to hide any of my exposed body, especially since one of the spectators was leering at me in an unflattering way. I turned away from them, walking around the car.

“You’re not going to say a thing,” Jennifer responded darkly.

“You’re not going to tell me what to do!” Samantha snapped back. “We’re leaving.”

When Samantha saw me, she pushed past her mother, brushing her shoulders as she headed toward me. She reached out her hand to me to take it. Even after everything that happened, she still wanted to go with me? I didn’t see what expression Jennifer was making, but she suddenly turned and struck Samantha from the side, causing her to stumble and fall. Something about seeing her get struck by her mom caused me to snap. I leaped forward, and just as Jennifer turned with a wicked grin on her face, my fist met it. I slugged Jennifer.

She stumbled back, hitting the car door. Grabbing her chin, she looked up at me, a shocked and appalled look on her face.

“Y-you… you can’t hit me,” she said, making two fists and then lunging for me. “Yo-you’re just a boy.”

She took a swing, but I dodged, and then I slugged her a second time. This one was an uppercut. I felt really bad fighting a woman, but I was so angry that I wasn’t even seeing her, I was seeing my dad.

She stood for a second, and then let out a long whining gasp before falling back and hitting the ground. There was cheering as the onlookers all clapped. Hearing a groan, I turned to Samantha and helped her up. She was scratched up and might have a bruise, but she was otherwise fine.

“Did… my boyfriend just beat up my mom?” She asked helplessly, looking at her mother laid out on the ground.

“You say that like it’s hard.” I frowned.

She looked at me, and then let out a little laugh. I couldn’t smile with her though. After a moment of hesitation, I spoke up.

“She… and I… for a while now we’ve been. That wasn’t the first time.”

Samantha’s smile grew sickly, and her body grew taut with anger. “That… fucking bitch.”

“Samantha… you can’t blame her for all of it. I’m at fault too.”

As much as it would be easy to pin it all on her mother, I had to take responsibility for my part in all of that. Samantha’s body relaxed, and she shook her head, giving a small sigh.

“I’m not angry at you, Noah. I’m just… I’m just shocked. I can’t believe my mom, I can’t believe she…”

“About that…” I felt even worse as I thought about the next part. “Your mom, right before this all started, she told me, she said…”

Samantha put her finger on my lips. “You don’t have to say anything.”

“But… you need to…” I stopped as she shook her head, and the look in her eyes told me that I didn’t need to continue.

“It’s alright, Noah. I… always suspected that mom was like that. We’ve never gotten along. I just never thought I’d find out this way. However, it’s fine. Dad will be better off without her, and he’ll always have me.”

Looking at her standing there with a bruise on her cheek, I suddenly felt a bit shy. “What are you doing, suddenly acting so cool?”

“You think I’m cool?” She turned, her eyes looking so bright that I couldn’t help but laugh.

“No, not anymore.”

She sighed. “Can’t you just give me this much? My boyfriend already fought my battles for me.”

“You also saved me too,” I responded.

She looked up and smiled. “Then, we saved each other. Doesn’t that mean I have one up on Abigail? We’ve been through a traumatic event together.”

“You read too many comics…” I laughed.

“What? This is totally in line with a loving pet needing to be put down or any of those relationship challenges.”

The pair of us laughed and talked like we were the only ones there. Of course, the police were called and by the time Jennifer came to she was being put in cuffs and shoved into a cop car. We had to give our statements, and my mother came to pick me up.

“It’s going to be a long time before we’re going to be able to go out together again.” I sighed, seeing that my sisters had all piled into mom’s car too.

There wasn’t even room for me, and they were all giving me worried looks. Mom honked her horn twice. At this point, the cops were leaving and the crowd of onlookers was dispersing.

“Your sisters… huh?” Samantha coughed. “Still terrifying to me.”

“Well, maybe they’re just as scared of you as you are to them,” I responded.

She laughed, but before she could say something there was another honk as her father drove up. She looked back at her car and cringed.

“This is going to be tough. I’m going to have dad crying on my shoulder all night.”

“Samantha… I really am sorry.”

Samantha shrugged. “You have nothing to apologize for.”

The pair of us kissed, but then I heard a honk, and when I looked, all of my worried attention had turned to jealous glares. Samantha flushed too.

“Well, time to woman up.” She took in a deep breath. “I’ll see you later, Noah.”

“Bye.”

Samantha turned and ran to her car, speaking a few words to her father before getting in. I got a glimpse of her father who had been weeping and still had tears down his face. I wasn’t sure if I could handle having to comfort a man who was crying. That would be too much for me. I heard the third beep, and I turned to the car.

“Alright! I’m coming!”

I had to deal with six sisters and a mother who were probably going to ask me all kinds of questions. Jennifer had a black eye and was going to face some assault charges, but she was getting off much easier than if her actions had been discovered by my family first.

“Woman up, huh?”

I had managed to break off two toxic relationships, and it was every bit as uncomfortable and painful as I had expected. However, this was just the start. If it was Samantha’s time to woman up, I still needed to man up.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“I’m still not really happy about this. It’s really not necessarily.” Mackenzie complained.

“This is something I feel I need to do for me,” I responded. “I don’t want to keep depending on you girls to take me everywhere.”

“Any of us would be happy taking you anywhere.”

“It’s not about that.” I sighed. “It’s about me…”

Mackenzie gave me a blank look. “Look, both Mom and London have tested me and they both said I’m ready. Okay?”

A week had passed by since I had broken things off with Jennifer and my teacher. Things had seemingly quieted down as I focused on school and life. I hadn’t seen Samantha outside of school, but she told me her mom and dad were getting a divorce and her dad didn’t blame me. Her mom had only spent a night in jail before getting out, and since I didn’t press any charges, it would end with that. Her mom would be far too busy trying to keep anything in the inevitable divorce proceedings.

Unfortunately, not everything could be such a clean-cut case. Diana Devon, my teacher, was someone whose class I was still in. I had to deal with her every day, and she was far more vindictive over our breakup. That was to say I got back a series of Fs on my recently returned assignments. I might have thought I had just slipped up after weeks of depending on her to boost my grades, but I had checked my assignment against someone else’s, and she truly was grading me harder.

When I tried to use the other person as proof to get my grade improved, she instead marked the other person down. This naturally angered them, and from then on no one in class would let me check my answers against theirs. If this was the cost of cleaning up and taking responsibility, then I would take it. I’d work on improving my grades so even she couldn’t use excuses to knock me down a letter grade or two.

As for the rumors about me, they continued to fly around, but no one had attempted to do anything to my locker or harass me. Along with rumors about my promiscuousness, there were also rumors that if anyone harassed me, they’d end up regretting it. I wasn’t sure which girl was protecting me, or if it was just a little bit of all of them, but I had an immunity status. I still hung out with the geeky girls Sophie, Luna, and Nora during lunch. This was done under the careful observation of the twins.

At first, they had tried to join the group, but I had to put my foot down and make them keep their distance. There was still such a thing as too much personal space. Even I needed some time where I could just sit back and talk about games and nerdy stuff without my sisters bugging me. Lunch became my outlet where I didn’t need to think about girlfriends, sisters, or sex. For the most part, they just treated me as one of the girls, and it was rarely mentioned I was a boy at all, which suited me just fine.

There was a time where I had believed there was no way a girl and a guy could just be friends. After having an overabundance of girls who were more and the option of being choosy, I now found such a situation much easier to accept.

Yet, none of that was related to my current situation. Other than school, I had decided over the last week that I wanted to get my driver’s license. It was embarrassing that I was able to reach sixteen and not at least get my learner’s permit, but as I thought more and more about it, I realized I needed to do this for myself. I had already taken a driver’s education class as part of my first quarter, but I didn’t follow it up with the test.

The reason I had refused to get my license was a completely selfish one. I was worried my mom would start requiring me to do errands for her, and I’d have to start driving my little sisters around. Dawn and Mackenzie both had their own driver’s licenses, but we only had one car, and mom had it with her at work most of the day. It got shared out on the weekend, but having to become mom’s errand boy all so I might get a few hours of car time every weekend did not seem like a fair trade-off.

However, my attitude was changing. In particular, I didn’t plan to stop at getting my license. I wanted to get a job too, and then buy my car. A house with so many of us needed a second car. We couldn’t even all fit in this one to go anywhere in a group. Someone always had to be left behind unless London was involved too. It wasn’t fair that London had to keep coming to the house and help either. Thus, it seemed obvious to me what to do.

I spent the last week reviewing the content after school, and even went out with mom once and London twice to practice. I was pretty confident that I could pass the exam now. So, I ended up having Mackenzie bring me to the license bureau so that I could take the exam. She didn’t seem to like the idea of me getting my driver’s license. Perhaps it was a control thing? I put my foot down though, and she finally ran out of excuses.

We pulled into the parking lot and I headed inside and took a number. It was another fifteen minutes until I was finally called up to the front. I gave all of my information and then was brought into a room where I began my exam on an old-looking computer. After clicking through all the answers from what I could recall from my studying, I ended up waiting next to Mackenzie again.

“I got my license last year. You’ll want to get the guy in glasses. He’s nice. However, you don’t want to get that woman.” She gestured to a woman who had just walked in. “Dawn failed her first exam because she got her. She’s the hardest tester and a real bastard.”

She was a middle-aged woman with frizzy hair and wore too much makeup. She was wearing clothing that looked like she was trying to appear in her twenties. I’d say she was in her mid-life crisis. I was just about to put her out of my mind when the woman turned in our direction and called my name. Mackenzie made a noise of disbelief. Just my luck, I had ended up getting the woman I was warned against. I prevented myself from showing my disappointment, and immediately stood up and walked over to her.

“Ah… just what I need, another male driver.” I heard her whisper under her breath as I approached.

I stiffened slightly, and the guy who was giving her my stuff could only smile at me helplessly. “This is Bernette, she’ll be your driving instructor today.”

“Come on, let’s get this over with. The car is in the back.” The woman barely even looked in my direction as she turned away and walked out the back door.

I shot Mackenzie one last look, and she shrugged helplessly. Although, I could see her expression wasn’t completely miserable. If I failed, it would only validate her comments that I should wait to get a license. If she had things her way, I would have been practicing until I was eighteen. I turned away and followed the woman out the back. Despite me only hesitating a moment, she was already waiting with her arms crossed tapping her feet and a look demanding I hurry up.

This time, I gave a slight wince and then got into the driver’s side of the car. At least I didn’t mess up and try to enter the passenger side or something. The woman followed me into the car, and took the passenger side, pulling out a clipboard and pencil. I made sure to buckle up, check all the mirrors very deliberately, and only then start the engine.

“You didn’t check the side mirror.” She declared.

“I-I did… it’s just set right.”

I had even made a show of looking at it, but because I didn’t feel the need to adjust it, I was going to lose some points?

“Just head out the parking lot. Head left.” She didn’t respond to my defense at all.”

“R-right.” I put the car into drive and then headed out.

As soon as I stopped at the street, she made a tsking noise and then started writing something down. I looked at her, trying to get an answer to what I had done wrong.

“Focus on the road.” She pointed with her pencil.

I felt my eye twitch at her words. This was extremely annoying. Mackenzie had been right, she was a bastard. I turned out of the driveway and onto the main street. She gave me instructions several times, and I did my best to listen to her. However, she gave conflicting instructions twice and then yelled at me when I was turning the wrong way. Her humor, if she had any to begin with, was gone in an instant as we drove through the backstreets behind the DMV.

“Try parallel parking.” She pointed to an area between two cars.

I did as she asked, managing to pull the car in and park it. Feeling a bit of relief that I was able to do it successfully, only to hear Bernette let out a long sigh.

“It’s time to return.” She responded in a somewhat cold tone.

We were done already? She hadn’t even tested backing up or a y turn. Had I already failed? I was just about to set the car back into drive, but thinking about Mackenzie waiting at the DMV smugly reassuring me that it was fine and even Dawn failed her first time would irritate me. I absolutely couldn’t go back with a failure. Taking a deep breath, I turned to Bernette.

“I’m sorry, I haven’t been able to concentrate since getting into the car with you.”

She turned to me, a frown on her face. “What?”

“It’s just, you’re really cute, and it’s a distraction.”

Her eyes widened, and after a second realization showed on her face. “You know, flattery isn’t going to help you pass the test.”

I reached out and grabbed her, causing her mouth to fall open. “This isn’t about the test. I’m attracted to you, and I want to feel you!”

Of course, I was lying a bit. She wasn’t necessarily ugly or fat, but she was a bit on the older side. She seemed to be the type who was regretting that she was getting older and was still trying to do stuff to seem young.

Although I had broken things off with my teacher and Samantha’s mom, the toxic relationships, playing with a woman to get what I want wasn’t still off the table. I reached out and put my hand on her leg.

“This… is… seriously?” She licked her lips, her eyes growing excited.

“I just want to feel you…” I begged.

She spread open her legs, unbuttoning her pants, and I reached in. My fingers dived past her thick bush into her pussy, and I started stroking her. She grabbed my arms as my fingers worked in and out of her. It was about five minutes of heavy panting until she orgasmed, her body rocking against my hands. When I finished, she pulled my hand out of her panties.

“Okay… hah… hah… we can go back now.”

I was prepared to go further. I was a little confused, but I set the car to drive anyway and then returned to the DMV. She had her eyes closed and looked far more relaxed as we drove back, and didn’t say anything at all regarding my driving. When I pulled in and parked, she opened her eyes, wrote a few things, and then handed me a slip of paper.

“You passed.” She responded. “You were going to pass anyway. It had nothing to do with that, not that I didn’t appreciate it.”

“R-really? We didn’t need to…”

“But aren’t you glad we did?” She asked, her relaxed behavior returning to her original face. “Now get out.”

She slammed the door behind me, and I could only walk into the DMV. After washing my hands in the bathroom, I walked out with my very own driver’s permit. In the end, I didn’t know how I felt about it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“C-congratulations?” Anna looked at the thing I was holding in her face.

“I have a driver’s permit now.”

“I can see that.”

“Are your parents around?” I asked.

“No… they’re out right now.” She frowned.

“I noticed you have a car.”

She sighed. “You’re still using me for my car…”

I pulled the car back. “Is that a no then?”

“No… I mean yes… I mean… where do you want to go?” Anna asked, blushing slightly.

“I want to go apply for a job,” I responded sheepishly.

It had been a few days since I had gotten my driver’s license, but that didn’t mean I was allowed to drive anywhere. Other than my trips to and from school, I hadn’t been able to go anywhere. I realized that this was exactly why I didn’t want to get a license in the first place. Just because I was right didn’t mean I wasn’t still excited about my license though. Once I got a job, I’d be able to save up and get a car, and that’s when I’d obtain true freedom. Rather, I’d be able to be more useful to my family, help my sisters out, and take some pressure off mom.

It was strange how my priorities had seemingly started to change. I had always felt out of place in my family, but now I wanted nothing more than to have a place with them. I cleared my throat and gave Anna my best smile. Until I had a job, I couldn’t justify access to the car, so it was a catch-22. I had to get a job to be able to use the car, but I needed the car to find a job. That’s where Anna came in. I could have asked London or my girlfriends to help, but I didn’t want to hear them complaining about it. London would say I didn’t need a job and should focus on my academics, which were admittedly still doing poorly. Samantha had enough problems with the divorce, and when it came to Abby, it was probably better if she didn’t know where I worked.

“A job?” Anna cocked her head.

“Please…” I asked, reaching out and touching her shoulder. “I really need it.”

“I will!” She spoke slightly too fast, and then cleared her throat. “I mean, I can help you get a job. I-in fact… you could try working where I work.”

“You have a job?”

She sighed. “You don’t have to say that like it’s a surprise. What do you think I’m always up to?”

“Sorry.” I smiled. “I think it’s cool you’re working.”

At the very least, neither Samantha nor Abigail had a job. If they knew I was thinking poorly of them for that, they probably would have raced out and gotten jobs the very next day.

“C-cool.” Her cheeks turned pink. “Right… um… well, let’s go.”

“Where do you work through?”

“Ah! That, it’s just a restaurant. The pay isn’t good, but the tips make up for it. You’d probably do better with tips than me.”

“R-really…”

She nodded. “You want to try?”

“Why not?” I chuckled as I stepped aside so she could leave her house. “Ah, can I drive?”

“Drive!” Her eyes widened, and she looked from her car to me and back. “I-I guess…”

She handed the keys to me like she was giving up her spleen. That didn’t mean I didn’t snatch them and get into the driver’s side. This was the same car that had hit me and brought me into this world. Why couldn’t I take it for a spin on my own? I turned on the car and headed off, only to realize I still didn’t know exactly where I was going. Anna seemed to realize that, although she hadn’t opened her mouth. She subtly started to direct me in the correct direction, and I spared her any embarrassed looks as we took the scenic route to reach the place.

It wasn’t a national chain restaurant, but something a bit more local. I hoped that would mean it’d be easier to get a job. I walked in with Anna next to me. She started looking a bit shy as we walked in. A guy was standing at the reception desk. When he saw Anna, he immediately waved.

“Hey, Anna. Aren’t you off today?” He asked, and when he saw me a grin formed on his face. “Oh, did you bring your boyfriend?”

“He’s not… I mean… is Danny in?”

“Danny?” The man put his finger on his cheek, which I think was him trying to look cute, and failed miserably on a guy. “Yeah, she’s in the back.”

“I’m going to see if she’s hiring.” Anna declared.

“Him!” The guy suddenly jerked up. “A-are you really sure?”

“Huh? Why?”

“It’s just… you know how she is with… the male staff.” He suddenly looked a bit uncomfortable speaking.

Anna frowned. “Is there something wrong?”

The guy looked away. “No, not… not really. It’s just… Danny has said some things…”

“Isn’t she just joking?” Anna asked, a generally clueless look on her face.

“You wouldn’t understand. You’re not a boy.” He shot her a glare before turning to me. “You might want to get a job somewhere else.”

“Um… I heard I could make good money here?” I wasn’t sure how else to respond.

He blinked. “Yeah… I guess the tips are good, but only if you’re comfortable with this pussy fest.”

“Pussy fest?”

The guy leaned closer. “This place is notorious for having fat, old women who treat the waiters like meat. Danny doesn’t do anything about it. She even says we should stuff our underwear because the guests like them big…”

“It’s not that bad!” Anna declared in a horrified voice. “You just don’t want new guys competing for your tips.”

“You go to an all-girls school. You’re used to being surrounded by gross women. You don’t know what it’s like for boys.” He sniffed, turning to deal with a customer that came up with the bill, who just happened to be an old woman.

Anna grabbed my hand and then pulled me away, heading to the back of the restaurant. “It’s not like that! I wouldn’t bring you to a place… Although, Danny does say the men are really catty and always complaining about them. Ah… maybe I shouldn’t have brought you here.”

“No, it’s fine!” I quickly cut in, feeling half like laughing. “I’m not as… um… fragile as some guys. As long as the money is good, I don’t mind.”

“Oh, okay.” Anna nodded, then guided me into the kitchen.

There were several women in hairnets cooking there. One woman with several tattoos on her arms shouted when she saw us.

“Hey! Anna! Who’s the cute boy?”

“What are you saying? A friend. A friend! I’m taking him to get a job.”

“Hehe… nice.” She winked at me and then kissed me. “We’ll take good care of you here.”

Anna looked at me like she was about to cry. Her declaration that it wasn’t bad was based on her extremely one-sided point of view. It took having a boy next to her before she started to get a rude awakening.

I laughed lightly. “It’s fine. I don’t mind.”

Anna swallowed hard, nodded, and then continued into the back room. There, a middle-aged woman was sitting at the desk, typing on a computer.

“Not right now. I’m working on some reports.” The woman snapped without looking up.

“Oh… sorry, will you be available later?” Anna asked worriedly.

The woman finally looked up when she heard Anna’s voice, and then blinked. “Anna? What are you doing here? I don’t have you scheduled for this shift.”

“R-right! I know.” She tried to bolster her confidence. “I just wanted to see if you were hiring new waiters.”

“Waiters?” She crossed her arms and frowned before I poked my head in and waved slightly.

Her expression immediately turned dubious. “A boyfriend?”

“He’s not… he’s a friend. Danny, I wanted to see if you could give him a chance.”

“A chance?” She repeated doubtfully. “Alright, boy, do you have any waiter experience?”

“I don’t!” I answered honestly.

Anna winced, but Danny leaned forward. “Any job before?”

“None.”

She let out a sigh. “Is there any reason I should hire you?”

“Um… I’m attractive?”

I had never really seen myself as particularly attractive, although my current success told me I was probably good enough looking. From that, I’d just go for it. Anna nearly spat, although she wasn’t even drinking anything.

“What?” Danny blinked.

“Oh! And, if you need me to stuff my crotch, that’s fine with me.” I added. “I mean, I’ll pretty much stuff anything.”

“Noah!” Anna cried out.

“Alright…” she leaned back. “You think you’re being funny? How about this one? A woman is being arrested by a male cop. He says, ‘Anything you say can and will be used against you.’ She bends over and says, ‘penis.’”

“Danny?” Anna spun around.

I scratch my chin. “Not bad. Alright. What do women have in common with screen doors? The more you bang them, the looser they get.”

“What’s the difference between a husband and a lover? About fifty pounds!”

“What’s the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snowballs.”

Danny let out a laugh, and I joined her. Anna stared at the pair of us like we were insane.

“Alright… alright… I’ll give you a job.”

“You will?” Anna nearly shouted.

“Don’t act so surprised!” I shot back angrily.

Danny laughed again. “Look, I need a boy on weekends who won’t blush. I have a lot of lifelong customers who come in. They like to tell lewd jokes. If they like you, the tips are good. How’s that sound?”

“That sounds good to me.” I smiled.

“I already regret bringing him here.” Anna sighed.

“Come on… we should go celebrate.” I grabbed onto her, causing Anna to blush slightly.

Danny gave me a packet to fill out and the rest of the information, and then Anna and I got up to leave. Just as I reached the doorway, Danny lifted her hand.

“Oh, by the way. These girls like butts. You don’t need to stuff your underwear, but tight pants might not be badly received.”

“U-understood!”

“Please stop filling his head with weird things.” Anna was nearly pushing me out the door.

With Anna being forceful, we left the restaurant quickly before I could even get a proper tour of the place. I’d have plenty of time on the weekend to do so though. I had a job, and it sounded like the pay was pretty good.

“Noah, you don’t need to force yourself.” Anna declared. “If you don’t want the job, don’t take it. I guess I’m a little blind to a guy’s needs and wants. I didn’t realize it’d be that bad.”

“It’s really fine.” I shrugged. “You’re worrying too much.”

“I just… I don’t want you getting hurt.” Anna responded, looking slightly stubborn.

“I’m not,” I responded comfortingly, putting my hand down on her leg. “And I’m really happy you helped me get my first job.”

“I-it’s nothing.” She stiffened slightly, looking nervous as I looked down at her. “Wh-what do you want to do now?”

“I said I think we should celebrate,” I answered. “Why don’t we go do that?”

“Celebrate? Like… you want to get ice cream.”

I bit my lip and shook my head. “No, I wasn’t thinking ice cream.”

She turned to me, looking genuinely confused. “What do you have in mind- ahhh…”

My hand slowly moved up her leg and to her inner thigh. “I was thinking it’s a good time we go park somewhere, and I show you all of my appreciation.”

“A-a-appreciation…” She had started stuttering.

I nodded. “You’ve done so much for me, I was thinking it’s about time I do something for you, don’t you agree?”

She looked at me, her mouth slightly slack-jawed. “God, yes.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Anna drove us deep into a nearby park, not really saying anything as she drove. She glanced my direction several times out of the corner of her eye, but she was nearly shaking with nervousness, so I didn’t want to make it any worse. I found it a bit cute how nervous she was, but I didn’t want to make her feel bad about it, so I kept my mouth shut. Women could be very fickle if they had their womanliness questioned. At least, that’s what I had been finding in this world.

We stopped in a parking lot, and Anna immediately turned the car off and looked at me nervously. She had picked an area where there wasn’t anyone nearby, but the weather outside wasn’t so bad, so I decided to open the car door and step out. Anna followed me immediately, closing and locking her car. She was like an eager puppy with a treat being held on her nose, just waiting for me to give the go-ahead for her to eat it.

Having lived a life where the roles were changed and having a chance to experience life both ways, I had found that there were benefits and problems from either side. I could understand the difficulties and fears of women a lot better than I used to, and I understood the insecurities and uncertainties of men even better. When it came to Anna who was acting like a man at the moment, it was easy to read her. She walked by me, and slowly our hands touched and we began to hold them.

“I consider you my girlfriend,” I said.

“Oh… right, about earlier, what I said…” She responded hastily.

“No, it’s fine. I get it.” I chuckled. “I just wanted to make it clear how I see you…”

“Right! And I… you… um… too.” She blushed. “I see you as my boyfriend, I mean.”

I nodded thoughtfully. “However, I have two other girlfriends.”

She missed a step. “Wh-what?”

“Is that a problem?” I asked, stopping and pulling my arm away. “I mean, we don’t have to if you don’t…”

She lunged and grabbed my arm. “No! It’s fine. I mean… it’s just… two?”

“One is a childhood friend… and the other is… well, she’s kind of a stalker. I could say no, but I feel like she looks out for me, so that’s nice.”

“I-I see… you’re frank about this.”

“I just don’t want to be that kind of guy who strings people along. We don’t have to force ourselves if you don’t…”

She grabbed my shoulders. “No! I really want… I mean, I want you.”

Was I manipulating her a little with that? I guess I was being a bit naughty. However, how could you sleep with multiple women without being just a bit of a dick. At least I wasn’t hiding them from each other, right? I just liked all three of them. She was dependable and cute. Samantha was loyal and caring. Abby was kinky and intense. I liked something different from each other them, and that was dependent on my feelings for my sisters and mother.

As she looked into my eyes, her expression just a tad desperate, I leaned forward and kissed her. Our mouths met softly at first, but our lips pressed together tighter and began to open. My tongue came out and explored her mouth, and she kissed me back roughly. The pair of us stood in a dark grassy field for several minutes. I finally withdrew my tongue and we pulled away, our eyes still watching each other. She was slightly out of breath.

“Wow…” She said.

“Good?” I asked.

“I-if you kiss me like that again, I don’t think I’m going to be able to control myself any longer around you.”

I smiled. “Is that so?”

Why would I give up such an opportunity to challenge those words? I leaned forward again, and our lips once again pressed together. We immediately began kissing roughly, and her hands wrapped around me, and then I felt them squeezing my butt. I decided to squeeze her butt too just for fun. That seemed to cause her to become even more aggressive, her tongue diving down my throat as her hands pressed against my butt, trying to grind me against herself.

“Mmm…mmm… mmm…” She let out moans of pleasure as her hands wildly stroked up and down my back like she wasn’t quite sure if she wanted to touch my butt or grab my head or something in between.

It was kind of hot, and I was starting to grow excited too, my cock tightening in my pants and pushing against her where she was continually rubbing herself against me. She had lifted a leg even and was all but dry-humping me in the air as she savagely kissed me. Whether she ran out of breath or became afraid she was moving too fast, she finally pulled away, gasping heavily. Noticing spit still trailing between our mouths, she wiped hers quickly, her cheeks turning pink in embarrassment.

“Come on…” I nod to a location deeper in the forest.

She gulps and then grabs my hand, half letting me lead, have led the way herself as we step through a line of trees into a small clearing. As soon as I found a place and stopped, she bit her lip and looked around anxiously. Confirming that we were alone, she reached down and unbuttoned her pants, and then pulled down her pants and underwear. My eyes couldn’t help but widen as she exposed herself to me first, standing completely bare below in the empty clearing.

“What do you think?” She asked shyly.

“It’s… um… good?” I didn’t know how to respond.

“Is it tight enough for you?” She asked.

“Oh… I mean, I wouldn’t know until I’ve touched it, right?” I laughed before realizing this was probably the equivalent of a guy asking if his dick was big enough.

“R-right… then, if you want.” She reached between her legs, spreading her lips slightly.

She did look tight as a virgin, which she admittedly almost certainly was. That wasn’t necessarily super common in this world where women were constantly horny. Many of them had already stuck any number of cock-shaped things into their pussies long before a guy came along, so an intact hymen wasn’t exactly a guarantee.

I had only casually picked up a girly magazine one of my sisters had laying around, but it had an article where a woman was worried if she kept sticking progressively bigger things in her pussy, then she wouldn’t be tight enough for her man. The article presented this as completely true and even encouraged women to keep the hymen and not let their horniness ruin the man’s first time. Of course, then there were other women arguing that if you wanted them to enjoy their first time, then you needed to train your pussy. There was an entire fifteen-page workout article on pussy training. When I got to that point, I had put the article down and walked away.

I didn’t know at all if Anna was a pussy trainer or a pussy purist, although her pussy did look very cute. I realized she was standing there holding her pussy open while I looked, waiting for me to do or say something. It was my turn to blush.

“Oh! Lie down.” I quickly commanded.

She immediately sat in the grass right where she was, lying back and spreading her legs. As embarrassed and nervous as she acted around a lot of this, exposing her pussy to me seemed to be the thing she was least nervous about. Rather, her eyes seemed to possess an almost desperate desire to have her pussy touched.

“Please… lick it. I want you to lick my pussy.” Her voice was filled with desire.

I kneeled, my eyes on her wet slit. She was shaved down there, keeping a clipped triangle above her snatch. She was also very clean. Perhaps, she had been hoping for this, although I had taken her straight from her house and I wasn’t sure where she had a chance to clean up.

I gently leaned forward and then kissed the inside of her left thigh, my lips pressing against her skin softly. I used my tongue to tease the soft skin on the inside, slowly making teasing little circles moving up her thigh and toward her mons vulva. Her body seemed to shiver at the touch, her breathing erratic and untampered as she was touched in a place she had never been touched before.

“I want your tongue in my pussy so bad.” She begged.

Her words were extremely provocative, and they did tempt me to just dive in, but I managed to resist. She was already really excited, and besides being exceptionally wet, I could practically see the steam rising off her cunt in the cool night air of the clearing. I kissed her right thigh this time and then worked my way down again. She thrust her hips up as if trying to push her cunt into my face.

“I can’t take it anymore. You’re driving me crazy.”

I chuckled, and then put my hands on both thighs and pushed, spreading her legs open just a bit more. She had already spread them wide for me, but she would have done the splits at that moment if I’d just lick her. I finally brought my tongue out and licked her clit, slowly running it down the entire length of her pussy until I reached the perineal area just above her anus.

“Yes… yes! More!” She moaned, her body panting in anticipation so much that I thought she might explode.

Feeling I had teased her enough, I moved forward and buried my face tightly into her crotch. She thrust forward in response, ready to fuck my face if I didn’t give her the proper tongue work. I obliged with my tongue, started with deep, long strokes, moving slowly up and down her pussy, saving her sweet taste.

“Y-you’re amazing!” She moaned. “Oh… God… Oh… Shit.”

From top to bottom, I used the broadside of my tongue and openly ran it up and down the folds of her labia, occasionally sliding my tongue inside her in an arch, pulling out her inner juices. I worked steadily and firmly, not allowing myself to grow too excited or eager as I made sure to lick her thoroughly, teasing her clitoris but not lingering there.

Her clitoris started to engorge with loss, and she was growing even wetter than I could lap it up out of her hole like a dog. Anna was lost in her lust. She had brought her shirt up past her chest, and her small tits were exposed. She was cupping her breasts as her hips moved up and down. If I didn’t have a good hold on her lower half, she would have shaken me off her several times. She was especially squirmy as she enjoyed the feel of her pussy being savagely eaten.

“Noah… ahhhhn… Noah!” She moaned, her eyes closed and her volume gone.

On her next lick, I lingered on her clit, and then with each pass, I lingered there a bit more. I sucked down hard on it and then left just as her body started to shudder, only to return in the next pass and tease it again. I kept alternating between her vagina and her clit, not allowing her to get too far in her orgasm, but driving her higher and higher with each moment.

My tongue wiggled excitedly around her clit, flicking it roughly now. She was gasping and moaning in lust, her body sweating as she writhed and kicked in my grasp. Her nipples were completely hard, and she didn’t hesitate to grab and pull them as she grew more and more aroused.

“Fuck! Don’t stop! I’m almost there!” She cried out.

I used that moment to clamp down on her clitoris, sucking on her roughly and attacking it with my tongue in a frenzy. I no longer moved slowly or gently but sucked on her aggressively like I was trying to drink the moisture from a dried spring, but soon she provided her nectar fruitfully. She went over the edge, and fountains of liquid began to squirt out of her. She climaxed aggressively, her body arching, and her pussy erupting. Her back arched until she turned on to her side, clawing the ground in pure ecstasy.

I would have kept going, but she was so squirrely she managed to finally get out of my grasp. She pulled away as if she couldn’t handle my stimulation any longer. Her body still convulsed, but she closed her legs together, her body spasming in, place.

“H-holy shit…” She panted as she regained enough breath, looking at me in awe. “Are you a porn star?”

I laughed. “Now… that’s an option.”

“What?” She gave me an innocent, confused look, and I grinned.

“For now, I’ll settle for fucking you!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“O-okay. You can lie down then.” Anna declared.

I raised an eyebrow, but I didn’t hesitate to lie down into the position she asked. I was a bit surprised that Anna wanted to take charge, but every girl had her fantasy about how their first time was going to be, and it looked like she wanted to be in charge. Thankfully, with the sight of her naked body in the moonlit night, along with the memory of her seeping pussy on my lips, I was able to remain fully erect. I unzipped my pants and then allowed my cock to pop out into the night air.

Anna’s eyes seemed to jump to my cock immediately. Whether she was just admiring it or felt a bit intimidated, I couldn’t say.  She did gulp and lick her lips before finally lifting her leg and throwing it over, straddling me. I was surprised to see that she didn’t choose to face me, but was instead facing away. She didn’t immediately mount my dick but instead straddled my abdomen. All I could see was her bareback and her butt. Her butt was neither a nice bubble but, nor something flat. Anna had always been cute but wasn’t particularly remarkable in looks, which was probably why she had no experience.

In my world, she would have been bugged by hundreds of guys desperate to bang her, even with normal looks. Yet, in this world, she was a geeky virgin whose first time she was eagerly going to hand to me.

“I think your penis is hot,” she said, her hand coming out and stroking it.

Although I couldn’t see her, I could feel the palm of her hand rub up and down it. She reached down and squeezed my balls. It was almost like she was touching them just for the gratification of feeling a cock in her hand. Her fingers wrapped around and squeezed it. It was like she was building herself up for the next moment. That moment came as she scooted forward, her wet pussy leaving a trail along my shirt that she seemed oblivious of.

She pushed her cunt up against the top of my cock. I could feel the wet heat of her slit and the tangled hair of her bush. She rocked her hips, not sticking my cock in, but allowing her slit to rub up and down my cock, making it wet with her juices. Whether she was just playing with it for fun, or this was part of some video she had watched, who knew. If I asked, such a question would surely embarrass her, so I kept my mouth shut.

Her hips seemed to move faster and faster, her body humping against the side of my cock. The feeling was great, and so was the view. Her butt shifting back and forth was mesmerizing, and so I reached out and squeezed it. She let out a moan, and while I could probably cum like this, I wanted to stick in inside her.

“I want to fuck your pussy.” I said.

“You want that pussy?” She asked her voice slightly higher pitch than usual.

“Yes.”

“Tell me you want that pussy.” She moaned.

“I want your pussy.”

“Tell me you want that tight pussy.”

I didn’t take Anna for such a dirty talker, but I guess it was the good girls who were secretly the baddest. I grinned slightly to myself.

“I want your tight pussy.”

“Yeah… fuck… yeah… your hungry little cock wants to invade my tight little pussy. Do you want to fuck my cunt? You want your big dick in my cunt?”

“Fuck, I want it so bad!” I decided to play along.

“Hah…Hah… y-yeah… ahhhhn…” She started panting and moaning, and I felt the lips wrapped around the top of my cock twitch suddenly.

Her movements slowed, and her body shook. I couldn’t help but let out a noise of surprise.

“Did you just cum?”

“… no.”

“Seriously… did you orgasm?”

“I-I didn’t.” she declared, even as I felt wet juices leaking all over my dick.

“It’s okay if it happens…”

“I didn’t cum yet! Th-that’s just… a precum!”

“It happens to lots of girls…” I was deliberately teasing her now.

“My pussy can take your cock! I’m not some one time and done!” She sounded slightly angry, slightly desperate.

She lifted her butt, and then reached down and spread her labia with one hand. The other grabbed my dick and lined it up.

“Anna…”

“See? Now fuck my pussy!” She lowered herself down.

Her slit was wet and slippery against my erection, and rather than popping in, it popped out the front, causing my dick to once again slide up her slit. I was very good and made sure not to laugh at all. Anna was trying hard, and if I destroyed all of her self-esteem, then what kind of boyfriend would I be? I reached out and grabbed her butt, helping her bring it back up as she made a second try. This time, she grabbed the root of my cock with her hands and then planted the head of my cock between her lips.

She started wiggling her butt, moving side to side to make sure that my cock was going in the right hole and didn’t miss again. Her legs started to bend as my cock slowly began to push into her. Her body quivered slightly as my head popped into her hole. She stopped at that point to get a breath. Her tight pussy was pressing down on my cock. Perhaps, she had come to see just how big it was and what she must accommodate.

She wiggled her hips some more, change the angle several times. After each adjustment, she let her knees fall slightly, pushing my cock into her vagina a little bit at a time. The lack of speaking showed how much concentration she had as she tried to take my cock. I had read online that taking it all at once on their first go was a sense of pride for women. Anna had already failed at that, but as long as she could take it all, she was determined. I could see a droplet of blood run down my dick just under her ass, but she persisted in lowering it even more.

She was panting very hard, and her body glowed in the starlight with a sheen of sweat. Finally, her knees met the ground with only an inch of my shaft still outside of her pussy.

“It feels wonderful,” I assured her, not even having to lie.

Her pussy was tight and wet. I had no reason to complain. When I noticed her not responding, I reached out and grabbed her hips, and then forced the last inch down.

“Ahhhn…” She moaned, her body shaking.

“You okay?” I asked.

“Yes…” she said through clenched teeth. “I guess I’m not a virgin anymore.”

We remained like that for a few minutes as she recovered. When she finally could start moving again, she started to raise her butt up and down. She moved very slowly, and as a result, I was able to last. I had gotten pretty horny already, and I just wanted to grab her and hump her. However, with that, I’d be done in a few minutes. Like this, I could keep enjoying her pussy for the immediate future.

I decided to resist my primal urges and put my hands behind my head. I watched Anna’s naked body as she continued to bounce up and down on my cock. The longer she went, the more confidence she had, and the more aggressive she grew.

“You like that, baby?” She asked.

“Yeah, baby,” I responded, biting my lip.

“I’m riding your big cock. It’s filling my tight pussy up so much. I hope it’s tight enough for you. Yo-you can stick it in my butt if it’s not.” Her voice slipped as she said that.

“I want to cum in your pussy though.” I teased.

“Ahhh… c-cum.” She panted, her body still moving up and down even as we talked. “You can cum. I’m not on protection, but I’ll just take a morning-after pill.”

“Are you sure?” I asked.

“Y-yeah… I want Noah’s c-cum in me too.” She declared.

“Then… make me cum.” I teased.

Something about my words seemed to strike Anna, and she suddenly pulled up. My dick slid out of her pussy, flapping back against my stomach. My dick was covered in her lewd juices at this point, and the rich scent of her body filled our little hidden clearing. She spun around so she was facing me, and I could see her red, swollen pussy lips, and a hungry gaze in her eyes. She reached down and grabbed my cock again, jumping back on me and then sliding my cock back into her pussy. This time, she was able to get it all the way in with a single slide.

She grabbed my arms and then shoved them over my head, and she started to bounce up and down, using my hands as leverage. She was moving so much that her breasts bounced side to side a few inches above my face. I lifted my head and found my lips could just reach her nipples every time they swayed back and forth. I couldn’t help but latch on and suck them as her hips worked my cock aggressively.

“Ahhhn… oh… yes… Noah… fuck… I love your cock. I love it. Give me that cock. Give it!” she moaned.

I started thrusting up, each time our wet part slapped together it created a loud thwacking noise. We were in the middle of a public park, and we were no longer attempting to be quiet in the slightest. If anyone was even remotely near us, they’d be able to hear everything we were doing. Her hands abandoned my wrist and she grabbed my hair, her butt violently shaking as she tried to smother my cock with her pussy in every thrust.

My free hands reached down and grabbed her ass, gripping her cheeks tightly. I started thrusting up with rough, hard thrusts, and every time I went up, my hands pulled her ass toward me, slamming our bits together even more roughly.

“Cum! Cum in me! Cum in my pussy, Noah!” She growled forcefully, her eyes almost predatory.

Even if she hadn’t asked, I had reached my limit. She continued to pump her hips, fucking away as my cock started to unleash the contents of my balls deep inside her. I spurted load after load into her hot, wet pussy, but Anna didn’t stop riding me. She kept fucking my dick all through my orgasm as if she was afraid of missing a single drop of my cum.

I thought that my cumming would lead to her stopping, but rather than slow down, Anna started to speed up. Even as gobs of cum leaked out, she still bounced her ass up and down, slapping her pussy down onto my dick wetly.

“Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh!” She moaned, her hands pulling my hair as she bit my chin.

Her teeth let go as she let out another yell. “I’m gonna cum! Noah… I’m almost there!”

It was strange. In most of my encounters, we usually came at the same time, or even if I came, they would have already cum. It was true that Anna had already cum a few times tonight, but it appeared like that wasn’t enough for her. Even though I had finished, she wanted to have one last orgasm. Was this how a woman who had already cum felt as her man pounded away at her?

I didn’t know, but a part of myself I hadn’t felt in a long time, the part of myself that had pride as a man, realized I absolutely couldn’t lose wood until I made her cum. Even though I had already finished and was tired, I willed my cock to remain stiff. I reached out and grabbed her hips, and then started helping her, thrusting up deep into her soaking wet snatch.

“Yes! Yes! Yes! There! Yes!” She started shaking, her eyes rolling up in her head for a second as her body began to spasm.

I could feel my cock gripped so tightly I thought she might take it with her if she stood. Anna threw herself down on me, her mouth finding mine. She began to kiss and hump me aggressively, her body completely wild like an animal as her body flew into an orgasm on top of me.

I could only describe it all with one word, intense. The quiet and reserved Anna was probably the most dominant and wild of any girl I had been with. Who would have guessed?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Mmm… mnn… nlllmmm…”

I checked my cellphone, gave a small sigh and leaned back on the sofa chair.

Mom pulled her lips off my cock and looked up. “Is there a problem, sweetie?”

“Ah… no. Just checking something out.” I gave a vague explanation. “Don’t stop. I’m almost there.”

“Oh! S-sorry!” She brought her head back down on my lap, gobbling up my cock in one gulp.

“Can you guys not do this in the middle of the living room?” Kristy complained. “Doesn’t this bother you?”

She turned to the usual source of reason in the family, Mackenzie. Mackenzie had been watching intently, and she nearly jumped when she was addressed. Her cheeks immediately turned pink, and her legs twisted slightly.

“It’s not so bad. Considering the way our family is these days, this is just like giving a hug.” She responded quietly.

We were all in the living room, just wasting away a lazy Friday night. This was my weekend off, and I decided to stay home since my family was off too. We started the night by watching a movie rental.

Mom had sat next to me with Bethany on the other side. Mackenzie was on the reclining chair, while the twins were on the couch behind us, sitting on some high-chairs from the bar area of the kitchen. Dawn was the only one who hadn’t been that interested in the movie and had been sitting in the corner casually looking through some pictures she had taken recently.

At some point during the movie, Mom’s hand had ended up on my leg. Slowly, over about ten minutes, her hand had moved up my leg and then onto my crotch. She rubbed my crotch for a while through the pants, making the other girls uncomfortable. No one wanted to say anything though. Then Mom threw all caution to the wind and got off the couch and onto her knees where she pulled it out and inhaled it.

The movie was still playing behind us, but the new center of attention had become Mom and my cock, which all of the girls were watching. It had been two weeks since everything had finally come to the surface, and while I had tried to spend a little time with every girl, it was usually done behind closed doors. The only time we did anything out here was when no one was home. That still didn’t mean I wasn’t caught once or twice by one sister with another.

This was the first time our displays of sexual affection had been so blatant. I wondered if this was something that Mom did on purpose to try to push the family a little farther, helping my sisters become more comfortable with their sexuality and their desires for me.

Of course, I had understood the oddness of things. Even in a world where everything was reversed, an adoptive step/half-sister becomes the sexual plaything of her dad and six brothers. That wouldn’t be called a normal house by any sense of the word. I wasn’t even sure if it was my fault that we had ended up in this state, or if this was merely my family’s predisposition. Was any household full of guys one slutty sister away from becoming a house of debauchery?

I didn’t know the answer to that, but even if what we were doing seemed bad, I didn’t want to stop. I was becoming closer to all of my sisters. I understood them better. The sex was great, and I knew that they all loved me. Just because I might be their brother didn’t mean anything. I loved them all as women and as family. I wanted both, and I wasn’t willing to give up either.

“Isn’t Mackenzie saying that because this is getting her off?” Kelsey suddenly pointed out.

“W-what? I’m not!” Mackenzie cried out.

“Look, it’s true… she’s got a wet spot on her shorts.” Kristy threw out a finger toward her pants.

Kelsey shook her head in mock disgust. “To think, our dear sister gets off at watching her mother.”

“It’s not Mom!” Mackenzie replied angrily. “I’m just turned on because it’s Noah. Anyone could be sucking it!”

The two twins looked at each other and then sadly shook their heads. “If you say so.”

“I-I’m not the only one! Bethany is also looking intently!” Mackenzie used the oldest trick in the book by dragging the youngest sister into it.

“I’m learning,” Bethany spoke shortly, not even looking away as she stared intently at Mom’s bobbing head.

“Learning?” Kelsey raised an eyebrow.

“Mom is the most experienced, so if I want to be able to pleasure a man, I need to do what she’s doing.” Bethany declared, her eyes intent.

“S-seriously?” Kelsey was stunned speechless by her answer.

Click! There was a click and the flash of a camera. The girls all looked to see Dawn on one knee.

“What are you doing?” Mackenzie cried out.

“Getting cute shots of mother and brother bonding,” Dawn said as she positioned up a new shot.

“Dawn! Stop taking those pictures!” Mackenzie cried out. “Mom’s face is in those. If it gets out, we can all get in a lot of trouble!”

“Not showing Noah, could be any cock. Besides, these are for personal use.”

“P-personal use?” Mackenzie asked, and then bit her lip. “C-can I get one?”

“$5.”

“You’re charging!”

“It’s a discount.”

“Can I get it in poster size?”

“Mackenzie really is a pervert!” Kristy cried out.

“Will you guys hush up?” Mom pulled my cock out of her mouth and stroked it with her hand while admonishing the girls. “I’m concentrating here.”

“Mom is taking pretty long.” Kristy taped her lips as she watched the scene unfold. “Maybe she’s not as good as Bethany thinks.”

“I’d have gotten him off quicker.” Kelsey agreed.

Mom stopped just as she was about to put it back in her mouth, shooting both girls a scornful look. “Would you rather give it a try?”

“What, Ewww, your spit is all over it.” Kelsey made a face.

“You know you came out of my vagina, right?” Mom gave them a mocking look. “It’s fine if you don’t want to challenge your mom. My precious Noah knows experience is best, and only his mommy can provide. I’m the main course, while you all are just cum dumpsters.

“Are you challenging us?” Kelsey stepped forward, raising her fist excitedly.

“How about a bet?” She declared. “The loser has to do the dishes.”

“Which one of us?” Kelsey asked, looking at each of the girls present.

“I-I’ll do it.” Kristy raised her hand, and then immediately put it down when she realized where she was.

“So, you think you can suck cock better than me?” Mom’s voice got low and threatening.

“Let her try, Mom,” I responded helplessly.

Mom gave a little laugh and then moved to the side before gesturing to my cock. “It’s all yours.”

Kristy swallowed hard and then walked over to the front of the couch. She got on her knees, and then pulled her hand into her sleeve. She dried off my cock of Mom’s spit, making a gross face. Once my cock was dry again, then pulled her hand back out, grabbed my cock carefully, and put it in her mouth. She brought my cock down to the root, and then pulled away, coughing.

Mom let out a boisterous laugh. “Silly girl. You’re far too young to handle all of it. Got to build up to that.”

Kristy sent her an irritated look before returning to my cock. This time, she brought less into her mouth. As if to make up for it, she started to move her head up and down faster than mom. For a moment, she looked like she was headbanging to loud music, where my cock just happened to be caught in the middle. Mother looked at Kristy with even more glee in her eyes.

“I thought my daughters would be more experienced than that.”

“D-don’t blame all of us, I could do it better!” Mackenzie protested.

“Speed isn’t everything, dear. A penis isn’t like a pussy where you can just pound it and a guy will cum. Men need to be treated more gently.” Mom explained gleefully. “You have to gently bring the cum out, or a man’s penis will shrink back down like a frightened turtle.”

An aggravated Kristy spit out my cock and glared at her Mom. “You’re not helping!”

Mom didn’t look at her, but instead my cock. I didn’t like everything that Mom was saying. It felt kind of backward from my common sense, although that wasn’t unusual for me at that point. She had been a bit correct though. Kristy had been a bit rough, and her lips slamming down had hit my balls a bit roughly. It wasn’t at a level where I was hurt, but my cock that had been towering straight up before was now sagging to the side, slowly deflating. Mom’s raised eyebrow was more than enough.

“Ahh!” Kristy let out a cry, grabbing my cock and jacking it like she was trying to pump a tire.

“Sister, you’re messing this up! If it keeps going like this, we’ll have to do dishes!” Kelsey condemned her failing sister.

“Oh, my…” Mom responded cockily. “If you’re so worried, how about you give it a try. It doesn’t matter how many of your try. Mother knows best.”

“F-fine! I’ll win!” Kelsey got down on her knees next to Kristy, trying to shove her to the side.

“Hey! I wasn’t done yet!” Kristy complained.

“You just don’t have it. I’ll take over.”

“No, me!”

“Ah, his cock is already down to 50% wood! We’re reaching critical mass!” Dawn cried out, continuing to snap pictures.

“What does that even mean?” Mackenzie asked.

“Will you both stop it!” Bethany shouted, causing both twins to stop and turn to her in surprise. “Don’t you understand? This is our pride as young women on the line! Noah’s penis is dying, and only you can do something! Do you want this old MILF to lord all over the rest of us?”

“Old MILF?” Mom blinked and then gave a pout. “Now, even the youngest turns on me…”

“A better question, after such an amateurish display, do you think mom will let you have access to his penis? Can’t you already see her riding Noah day and night while telling the rest of us to ‘git gud’ first?”  Bethany continued, ignoring her mom as she gave a passionate speech.

Kristy and Kelsey both put their heads down, a look of shame on their faces. After a moment, Kristy looked up like an idea struck her, and then she whispered into Kelsey’s face. Kelsey’s expression also brightened.

“Do you think it will work?” Kelsey asked in a hushed voice.

“It’s our only chance!” Kristy insisted.

“F-fine…” Kelsey turned to Bethany and Mackenzie. “I deeply apologize. I… we almost dishonored our sisters. We will do our best… for Noah’s penis.”

“My sisters are so weird.” I rolled my eyes and shook my head in disbelief.

“Move aside Bethany!” Kristy announced, jumping up onto the couch.

Bethany scrambled out of the way in confusion. “O-okay!”

Kristy quickly got into position, lying on the couch with her head on the arm rail. “Noah, straddle me and put your cock in my mouth.”

“Making him move?” Mom gave a disapproving glare.

“Quiet! You don’t get to decide how we do it!” Kristy stuck her tongue out at Mom.

I ended up sitting on my sister’s chest, finding myself a little curious as well what she was going to do. I brought out my cock, and as soon as it got near her face, she grabbed it with her hands and guided it to her mouth. Unlike before, she didn’t stick it down her throat. Instead, she just sucked on the head. Of course, the feel of her rhythmic sucking was enough to bring my erection back. I had a feeling I knew what she wanted too. Kristy wanted me to fuck her face. She wanted me to roughly use her mouth like a pussy.

Although I knew my mom’s blowjobs were the best, I was rooting a bit for my little sisters, so I decided to give them help. I leaned forward, angling myself so I could shove it deep inside her. Just as I was about to thrust, I felt two hands grab my pants and underwear and yanked them down with full force.

“Twin attack!” Kelsey shouted as I felt two hands grab my ass cheeks.

Before I could even react, they were spread open, and a face was shoved into my crack. I felt a tongue immediately push against my asshole.

“Ahhhn!” I let out a girlish cry of surprise.

As soon as Kelsey attacked my asshole, Kristy launched a full-out attack on my penis. It was a battle on two fronts.

“Wh-what are you doing?” Mom cried out.

“She… she’s licking his butt, gross!” Bethany looked on in horror.

“Not at all.” Dawn adjusted her glasses as she snapped another picture. “Analingus is quite pleasurable for men.”

“Sh-should I lick his butt too?” Mackenzie seemed to wonder out loud.

“He does seem to enjoy it.” Dawn observed.

Her words were an understatement. I only half-listened to them. The feel of Kelsey’s tongue swirling around my butt while Kristy’s downed my cock was too much. Admittedly, Mom had contributed to a lot of it. The honest reason it had taken so long for me to cum earlier was that Mom deliberately held out, trying to work me up more and more. It had already had brought me to my limits for nearly ten minutes and denied me release before my sisters started messing around. Kristy wouldn’t have needed to try very hard to tip me over the edge, and if she hadn’t acted a bit too exuberant at first, it already would have happened.

A moment later, my sphincter contracted at the same time my balls did. My body shook as I came wave after wave down Kristy’s throat. When I was done, Kelsey finally let go of my ass and I collapsed back on the couch.

“Ch-cheating!” Mom cried out, pointing accusingly. “Two of you!”

“Nu, uh!” Kelsey shot back, didn’t you say ‘it doesn’t matter how many’.”

“I didn’t mean at the same time!” Mom sputtered.

Kelsey was about to argue more, but Kristy tugged her shirt. She wasn’t speaking, and she looked like she had something in her mouth. She suddenly stuck out her tongue, and I realized there was a mound of white stuff on it. That was my cum! Kristy didn’t swallow. Kelsey gave a smile, and then suddenly stuck out her tongue.

Their tongues met, and then started to wrestle, sharing the cum between their tongues. The two sisters suddenly began kissing, drinking the fluids, and tasting each other with exuberance. Everyone present was so shocked that silence carried out for a moment. It was finally broken by Bethany.

“G-gay!” She cried out. “They’re kissing?”

The two girls pulled their lips away, some fluids still connecting their lips as they turned to the rest of us.

“We realized a while ago that Noah gets turned on by Girl’s love stuff. That’s why we used our ultimate weapon. Something only we twins who have no distance between us can do.” Kelsey declared excitedly. “Lesbian Twin Attack!”

“She named that one too!” Dawn squealed excitedly.

“How can you think such a shallow…” Mom began, but then she noticed Kelsey pointing at my junk, which had become rock hard watching my sisters fighting over my cum like that.

“It… was really hot…” I admitted, feeling slightly defeated myself.

“No…” Mom collapsed to her knees. “I was defeated… despite all my experience… to think they’d go to such depraved depths to win. I misunderstood the level of depravity that would excite my sweet and innocent son.”

“That’s why you lost, you still think he’s innocent.” Mackenzie acknowledged.

“Why does this suddenly feel like I’m being attacked?” I asked.

“Sweetie… Mommy can be depraved too.” Mom suddenly grabbed my leg. “I’ll do all kinds of dirty things. You can step on me and then…”

“Forget it! To the dishes with you.” Kelsey broke in the way and pointed to the kitchen.

Mom, unable to respond, slowly got up and walked away with her head down, making a show of her defeat.

“And don’t forget, Twincest is wincest!” Kelsey declared with a victory sign. “Ahhh… Noah…”

I couldn’t hold back from my cute sisters any longer so I grabbed them and pulled them to me. While Mom did the dishes, the twins took turns bouncing on my cock. In general, it was a typical Friday at our house.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Hey, baby… here’s the bill,” A woman handed me the check with some money, her hand reached out and caressing the back. “How about the rest is your tip?”

“Just the tip?”  I smirked.

“Oh, baby, if you want it all, just ask.”

I pursed my lips. “Sorry, I have a girlfriend.”

“Tsk… a little girl. How about you let a grown woman show you how it’s done. Want a taste of mommy?”

“I’ve already tasted that too.” I chuckled as I pulled the money and walked away, leaving her with her mouth open.

“Noah, you’re so bad…” Another boy walked by. “I don’t know how you deal with those old perverted women. Every time they look at me, I want to take a shower.”

I pulled the money they had handed me, a $100 bill, which was used to cover only a $15 order.

“The money helps.” I handed it to him. “Throw it in the pot.”

His mouth opened and closed, and then shook his head. “You know, Daryl has been saying shit about you behind your back, but he’s just jealous cause he works another shift and can’t share in the tips. You make twice what any other guy makes. Even if you licked every girl’s cunt, I wouldn’t judge.”

“Uhh, I’ll take that as a compliment.”

He let out a laugh before coughing. “On another note, I’ll take your two tables if you take the next guests.”

“What? Why?”

“It’s a 7-person party. All women. Good money in that. You work them over for us. Big tips.” He gave a thumbs-up before pointing to the front where a new group of women was being led by the female maître d’.

As soon as I saw them, my expression sank. “No, we won’t be getting much from this batch.”

“Why not?”

I let out a sigh. “It’s my family.”

“You’re family are all cute girls? Lucky…”

“Who’s being a hoe now?” I asked.

“Hey… I never said I wasn’t a hoe.” He laughed, holding up his hands. “I just don’t show it until she’s boughten me dinner first.”

He walked away as I turned to my family, still watching them with a regretful heart from a fair distance. Time was still moving on. I had been doing my best to improve. My grades were getting better, and I was starting to bring in some money. By the end of summer, I believed I’d be able to get a car of my own. Also, my family and I had never been closer. That didn’t mean I wanted them bugging me at work!

London, Mom, and the rest had all come. As soon as Mom saw me, she started waving, and I could only cringe internally. However, I knew I was already assigned to their table. The maître d’ happened to have a crush on the guy I was just talking to, so when he said he was taking two of my tables and I had this one, it was already set. I supposed I could beg him to undo it, but I was only just having some success dealing with male friends.

Men could be extremely petty and catty toward each other. For the first few weeks I had been in this world, I had decided to pretend they barely existed. However, guys did act like women from the old world, and I found myself enjoying such interactions once in a while. As I dealt with them more, I found men in this world easier to talk to.

Every guy had such bravado in my old world. Even if they had issues, they’d never admit them, even to other guys. If I had a problem, any guy wouldn’t hesitate to tell me about it. I had an hour conversation once with a guy about how his penis was a bit crooked and he worried girls would laugh when they saw it. I’m not saying that was necessarily better, but it did relieve some stress learning that every guy was just as neurotic and as insecure as me.

Either way, it was a delicate balance remaining on a guy’s good list. The pot idea where all of our tips were split with each other went a long way toward endearing me with the guys and girls I worked with. I had put the suggestion with the boss, and after a little bit of flirting, she quickly caved and made it optional for those who wanted in. Since I made more tips than everyone else, it got to the point everyone working with me eagerly jumped into the tip pot. Thus, I wasn’t going to rock the boat just as things were getting good by complaining.

So, I could only suck it up and grab the menus and head over to my family’s side, hoping they behaved themselves and didn’t cause me any trouble.

“You know, I’ve never eaten here.” Mom was saying.

“Then why did you guys come.” I couldn’t stop myself from demanding as I walked around the table, handing out the menus.”

“Noah in a waiter outfit.” Kelsey grinned. “I really like it. You can service me any time. Ow!”

“Sorry, my foot slipped and I kicked you.” I declared.

“Does my cute baby not want us here?” Mom asked, trying to look upset.

“That doesn’t work as well after you just pinched my butt while I was passing.” I snapped.

“You’re not being a cute waiter at all!” Dawn complained. “Aren’t you supposed to call us mistress… and ask us what we’d like for dessert, ice cream, or you?”

“What kind of restaurants do you go to!”

“He’s not even wearing those tight pants that show off the crotch. I love waiters in those.” Mom considered.

“Seriously, did you just come to make me suffer?” I asked.

“Mom wanted to celebrate, and Bethany recommended we come here,” London spoke up.

“Is it so bad that I want my son to be here for the celebration?”

“Celebrate?” I asked.

“I’ve finished my Residency,” London announced. “I can finally start my career.”

“R-really?”

I had never really focused much on London’s career. I knew she was working at the hospital, but I had never known how far she had left. It had felt like forever since she had been in school for nearly as long as I had been alive.

“Dumping Dan and not having to deal with his mood swings and whims allowed me to get focused on my career, and I was able to get a fellowship position.”

“I’m not sure what that means, but congratulations.” I declared, reaching out and hugging her.

“It’s because of you.” She whispered in my ear.

“If you want extra appreciation, you can pick me up later,” I whispered back.

“Hehe… you’re still my naughty brother. Hey, do you remember that doctor who saw you after your concussion? Dr. Ruben?”

“Huh? Her? Um… oh… yeah…” I stiffened slightly.

“She was fired. She had been sexually inappropriate with some of her male patients. Someone made a complaint against her and there was an investigation, and then she was quietly let go. Her license is under review now. Well, her firing freed up money and a position, which is actually why they could afford to take me on.”

“Oh… wow…”

She gave me a suspicious look. “You didn’t by chance get touched inappropriately by her, did you? You can tell me.”

“Nope. Not at all.” I put on a fake smile.

“Oh, that’s good then.” She finally let me go, although it was hard to say if she believed me or not.

What were the chances? I had done something. It was part of my taking responsibility. I hadn’t contacted Dr. Ruben with the number she gave me, and I also hadn’t put in a complaint. What I did do was enter the hospital forum and ask if anyone had any bad or questionable experiences with Dr. Ruben. I had worried that, even with me willing, Dr. Ruben would prey on others. I was thinking that if I didn’t at least make sure that it was just a one-time thing, then I wouldn’t be taking responsibility.

Before I knew it, there was a storm of guys sharing creepy stories about her. She had jacked off several cocks. Some included an aggressive prostate exam. She would often do what my sister did, and if they got hard while she was innocently checking, then she’d go further. She had slipped her number to many patients, and even had a few affairs. My small inquiry online had ended up forming a Dr. Ruben molestation support group. So, I guess I was somewhat responsible for all of this.

I didn’t feel bad for Dr. Ruben though. I wasn’t out to destroy anyone’s life. Even my teacher who was still giving me bad grades I hadn’t told on. If this had been a rare occurrence, it would have been one thing. However, the doctor went after dozens of guys. I seemed to recall she had a whole sob story about her boyfriend depriving her of sex. It turned out she was just a horny pervert, so she deserved what happened to her.

One way or another, I ended up having to serve all seven of my family members, and despite this place being full of old perverts, somehow my sisters topped them. I had my butt pinched nearly three times the normal rate just serving those seven. By the time they were finishing up, I was exhausted. The other guys only found it funny. Some of them wanted me to introduce them to my family, but there was no way I was going to let those skanks around them. They told me just how easy they were. Some of them had experienced more sexual partners than I did.

“Oi… where’s the tip?” I asked.

“You’re going to make your family tip you?” Mom once again tried the teary-eyed look on me.

Which girl told my mom that acting pathetic with me tended to work?

“London, if you’re a doctor, aren’t you rich now?”

“Ah… but Mom’s paying.” London held up her hands helplessly like that forgave her responsibility.

“Y-you, guys…”

I could already feel the eyes of all the other waiters in the restaurant. They still thought I’d get a large tip and share it with them. After all, the family wouldn’t short family, right? Well, they didn’t know my family was filled with a bunch of poor cheapskate girls!

“If I don’t get a 25% tip… no sex for anyone for a week.” I leaned in and hissed to all of them.

“Wh-what is brother saying?” Kristy blushed.

“H-he’s fibbing. Brother needs it as bad as us.” Kelsey tried to reassure her.

“Oh, I’ll be getting it from my girlfriends. You girls, on the other hand, can go dry for all I care.” I put on a dark grin.

“Twenty-five percent… but twenty is already a good tip.” London defended.

“Okay… make it thirty.”

“Brother, let’s be reasonable…” Mackenzie started.

“Thirty-five.”

“My son is growing into a proper young man. He’s already viciously after my money. I thought I’d never see the day.” Mom looked genuinely tearful this time, but she did put down a thirty-five percent tip, although it required begging London.

I finally sent my mom and sisters out the door grumbling and poor, but when I showed the tip, the waiters all let out a cheer. After I was done, I was so tired I felt like I needed a break. I didn’t smoke, but I still took smoke breaks, and our boss didn’t complain. As hard as she pretended to be, she pretty much rolled over for anyone with a dick. At least, that’s what the girls like Ann said.

As I was waiting outside, I checked my phone. Still, no answer. I sighed, but when I heard feet crunching I looked up to see Bethany and Dawn. It was rare seeing the pair of them together. They had the greatest age difference, and that meant that they seemed to live different lives completely.

“What is it?”

“Mom’s waiting, but I had something I wanted to ask you too. I wasn’t able to with them all acting like that.” Bethany admitted.

“What’s that?”

“Noah… we want you to be a gamer boy!” Dawn declared.

“Huh?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“This is it!” Bethany declared excitedly, gesturing to the giant sign that was obvious to all three of us.

“Fighting Game Tournament.” I read the sign. “So, how big is this gaming team you want me to join?”

It was the following day, and Bethany and Dawn had dragged me out. According to Bethany, she wanted to be on a team, but they would only let her join if she brought a boy with her. Thus, after Dawn let it slip that I wasn’t bad at video games, she decided to promise that she’d bring a guy to register with the team, volunteering me without asking. There was a second reason to be excited about this event too. The only reason Bethany had even heard about it was that they had hired Dawn to do the photography for it. This was the first time she’d be paid to work. It wasn’t much, as this competition was local and the cash reward was only $500, but it was the principle of the thing.

“Fighting? Is that like the games where people just punch each other?” Samantha asked.

Samantha had also tagged along. It was her day with me according to her agreement with Abigail. Even though I was busy, she was unwilling to forfeit her day and thus came to cheer me on. I also wouldn’t be surprised if a jealous Abigail was hiding somewhere, stalking me from afar.

“No… it’s a variety of games.” Bethany explained. “They called it fighting as an alternative to competitive because there already is a local competitive game tournament. It still had all kinds of games. Shooters, fighters, racers, and sports are all possible. We can decide which circuit we want to be involved in.”

“You don’t game, Samantha?” Dawn asked.

“O-of course I do!” She puffed her chest out proudly. “I just usually play shooters.”

“Shooters…” Bethany couldn’t help make a face. “You mean, like military shooters that come out every year?”

“Yeah! You play?” Samantha asked, her eyes lighting up.

“Not a real gamer then.” Bethany sighed, and Dawn snorted, covering her mouth.

“What’s that supposed to mean?” Samantha took a step forward, but I lifted a hand on her chest.

“It means, you’re cute just the way you are.” I declared, trying to maintain the peace.

Samantha flushed, likely realizing she was trying to bully my little sister in front of me and that it would look really bad. I realized my hand was on her chest. My hand couldn’t help but squeeze her soft melon before I willed myself to snatch my hand away. Samantha looked down at her chest and then back at me, cocking her head as if she didn’t understand why I had suddenly looked away.

Although I was growing increasingly used to this world, I still occasionally experienced moments of shock or surprise, even months later. This was a world where a woman’s chest wasn’t sacred, and I could grab one and rather than being slapped, they’d merely look at me like I was strange. I mean, I probably couldn’t go around public just squeezing a girl’s breasts, but whether it was my mother, sisters, or girlfriends, there was no limit.

In general, I knew that my behavior since coming to this world had become timider and less aggressive. Some would even accuse me of becoming feminized. When the world constantly pressured you to act a certain way, it became rather easy to fall into that role. If you were constantly told you’re a victim, it’s easy to act like a victim. If you’re constantly told you can do anything, then you would be able to do anything. For me, I just found it easier to get by assuming a passive role. My tips were larger, my social life was improved, and the girls were happier. It also meant that when the time came to assert my dominance, I could catch people off guard and get my way.

My sisters seemed to see the pseudo-flirting between Samantha and myself and didn’t like it. Dawn rolled her eyes while Bethany puffed out her cheeks before reaching out and grabbing my arm, pulling me to her. She pressed her chest against my arm, but there wasn’t much there. She still shot Samantha a defiant look, who responded by scratching her head and laughing awkwardly.

“Let’s get going! We need to meet the rest of the team. We’re just here today to sign up and touch base.” Bethany immediately began pulling my arm.

I shrugged helplessly as she pulled me on ahead and the two other girls followed after giving each other a look. I was dragged into the hallway where I immediately saw various game posters on the walls. Most of them involved women in cool-looking outfits, but occasionally there was an image of a man who was wearing something extremely scantily clad. It would probably bother me more, but honestly, there were far more images of women.

Most of the men at least attempted to have their chests covered up, but it wasn’t uncommon to see a woman with her boobs hanging out in a poster everyone passed by. Women wore holey jeans, outfits with cameltoe, their butts exposed, and their naked breasts on display. Comparatively, the men were almost puritan in appearance. However, if you asked anyone, it was the men being exploited in this world. After all, female chests weren’t taboo in this world. They still wore swimsuits and bras. After all, gravity was still a thing, but when a woman wanted to look macho, her shirt came off.

“Guys, I’m going to go scope out the location. See where I need to be to get the best pictures and stuff. I’ll see you later.” Dawn explained before taking off to the side.

I gave her a wave and decided to not dwell on the eye candy all around me and instead focused on where Bethany was pulling me. As she started to approach a group of girls standing to the side, my eyes couldn’t help but pop. That’s because I recognized one of the girls in the group. When she saw me, she also turned rigid.

“What the hell is he doing here?” She snapped as soon as Bethany approached.

Bethany’s eyes widened. “Wh-what do you mean? You wanted me to bring a boy?”

“Hey, Avery, it’s been a while.”

The girl was none other than Avery, the juvey bully who was blackmailing Kristy. It probably wasn’t that surprising though. Avery was the same age as Kristy. Bethany was 14 now, so they were only a year apart. Although the twins never hung with Bethany as they had each other, it wasn’t odd for Bethany to hang with girls.

“I didn’t mean him!” She snapped.

“What does it matter what boy? Boys suck at video games anyway.” An older girl with glasses spoke up. “We’re just having him because the rules allow us a handicap as long as we have a boy on the team.”

The other two girls I didn’t recognize. They weren’t the ones that had been tagging along with her from before. One of the girls looked to be about Bethany’s age, while the other looked a bit older.

“How did you two meet?” I asked Avery suspiciously.

“She occasionally volunteers…” Bethany responded.

“I have to do community service!” Avery responded.

It seemed like Bethany was still volunteering in house building, and Avery had to do it as part of her community service.

“You’re not bothering my youngest sister as some kind of bullying, are you?” I asked, a small smile on my face.

Avery suddenly shook, a flash of fear on her face. The last time she had attacked Kristy and Kelsey, I had beat her up and threatened her. It seemed like that fear was still in her.

She waved her hands frantically. “It’s nothing like that! I have nothing against Bethany. We just both game! That’s it! I swear.”

I continued to look at her with a suspicious look, but that’s when Samantha wrapped her arm around me, apparently not liking the look these girls were giving me. Her casual flexing caused me to almost laugh, but then again, I did bang Avery, so she had some reason. She was the oldest girl there by at least a year, a point she used to her advantage.

That’s when the younger girl spoke up. “He has a girlfriend too? Lame…”

“If he can’t game, then even with a handicap we’re not going to get very far. I want to win this!” Avery declared, shooting me a defiant look. “If you want to join, you’re going to have to prove to us that you’ve got the skill.”

I shot Bethany a side look, feeling just a bit annoyed over the seeming hostility. They kind of reminded me of my lunch friends. In short, they were all kind of geeks. Well, Avery probably wasn’t a geek, but thanks to circumstances she became known as a pervert. After that, the only people who would still hang out with her were those she could bully and geeks. Since I scared off the people she was bullying and emasculated her, it turned out she ended up here. At least, that was my guess.

Bethany returned my look with a desperate plea. I eventually sighed and nodded.

“Alright, let’s go.”

I thought we’d end up going back to someone’s house, but apparently, the young one had a backpack on her with a complete rig. There was a portable screen, a game system, and controllers all in her backpack. We ended up sitting right there in the lobby as she set up the entire thing in a few minutes. I had to say I was impressed. So, Bethany brought the boy, the girl brought the rig, the glasses girl brought the smarts, and Avery brought the guts. My job was bringing a boy’s handicap. I didn’t know if I should feel embarrassed or amused.

“What about you?” The girl in glasses asked Samantha.

“I’m just here to support my boyfriend.” Samantha managed to say without blushing for once.

“You game?”

“Yeah! I play a lot of popular shooters.”

She sighed. “Not a gamer then.”

“Why does everyone keep saying that?” Samantha gave an irritated expression.

“Alright, then, here are the rules! We’re going to play some Peach Smash Sisters.” The younger girl declared once the setup was booting. “If you’re able to beat me in two out of three rounds, then we’ll let you in.”

“I thought you just wanted to see if I was good enough to play with a handicap. Now, you seem to expect me to be better than you.”

“Don’t worry…” she gave a smirk that didn’t look trustworthy at all. “I’ll go easy on you.”

As I frowned, Avery shot me a defiant look. “You either can complete the task, or leave! You’re not scared little cock, are you?”

“Hey… guys…” Bethany tried to step in.

“Just like a cock, it gets scared and shrinks into their little hiding place. Now, a pussy can take a pounding.” Avery laughed.

“You’d know,” I responded, causing her laughter to break into a cough.

Samantha shot her a slightly hard and jealous look, and Avery immediately quieted down, looking in any direction other than the older and territorial woman. I wasn’t sure if Avery was aware, but Samantha had grown a bit violent since we started officially dating. She’d been in no less than two fights over my alleged honor. Considering what was going on in her home life with her mother and father divorcing and her mother’s sexual assault, most people didn’t blame her.

I felt like I was responsible for destroying her home life, but Samantha didn’t blame me at all. She was ashamed that I had been dragged into her home drama. I had decided the best I could do was stay by her and not abandon her again. If she was having a hard time, then I’d be with her.

“What?” She asked as she realized I was looking at her.

“You’re cute sometimes,” I responded, causing Samantha’s cheeks to blush.

“Are you going to play, or are you going to flirt with your girlfriend!” The younger girl snapped.

“Hand me the controller,” I ordered.

It was time to get to business.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“B-best two out of three!” The girl cried as I defeated her, in a fighting game.

“Best three out of five!” she declared after we tried a racing game.

“Haha! I won!” She declared on the third game.

“Of course, you won. Isn’t sports games your specialty?” Avery snapped.

“I’m not into sports games,” I admitted helplessly.

“Two more wins!” She insisted.

In the fifth game, I won. “Best four out of seven!”

“No! Just stop!” The girl with glasses shut off the monitor.

“Hey, we were still playing.”

“He beat you, plain and simple. He can be in the team.” She shot the younger girl a glare.

“What… but… I was just warming up.” The younger girl cried out, glancing between Avery and the other girl.

“I need to use the restroom.” Samantha, who looked extremely bored except when we were playing a shooter, declared. “See you in a bit.”

We barely acknowledged her taking off, as all of our eyes ended up on Avery, who was the ultimate decider. She threw up her hands helplessly.

“Yeah, whatever, they can join. We just need the handicap anyway.” Bethany let out a breath of relief upon Avery caving.

As for me, I had agreed to join Bethany, but if they had refused to let me join, I really wouldn’t have cared. I dusted off my pants and stood back up as the younger girl grumbled and put her stuff away. At that moment, I smelled a very flowery perfume, and the group of us turned to see four boys walking up to us. The one in front wore a lot of makeup, and his shirt was very tight on his body. He had blue-dyed hair and a piercing in his nose. If I was describing him, metrosexual would be the word.

“Hey, I saw you beating these girls. You’re not bad.” He declared. “How about you join our team instead?”

Bethany’s eyes widened, and she shot me a worried look as I might consider such a thing.

“They just accepted me on their team.” I tried to explain.

“They don’t seem happy about it.” He responded flippantly. “They seem like a bunch of anti-male chauvinists.”

“Hey! We like men!” Avery frowned.

“Boy, you can do better than these stinky women.” he ignored her and grabbed my arm. “Come with me. We’ll have much more fun together.”

“He’s with us!” The person who acted defiantly was the same younger girl who had been trying to get me off the team a few minutes prior. “Get your fat hands off him.”

He pulled his chin back in an indignant look. “Excuse me? Who was even talking to you?”

Her face turned red. “You’re just one of those philandrists.”

“What if I like men? They are certainly better than women. Do you know women bleed out of their crotches once a month? It’s disgusting!” He made a face. “Besides, I have big hands, so I can hold a big man.”

“H-he really is gay!” Avery’s mouth fell open.

“Ugh, you women are all the same.” He made a face before looking at me. “Last chance. We’re an all-male team and we’re going to make it to win this year. You can be on the right side of history, or just be a bunch of horny women’s token boy.”

“If there is a right side of history, I don’t believe it is with you,” I responded.

“Hmph… sadly, all the cute ones feel they need to objectify themselves for women.” He snapped his finger and spun around. “Let’s go, boys.”

The other three shot irritating looks before turning and following the lead boy. When they left, the girls finally breathed easier.

“Bunch of fucking whores.” Avery snapped.

“Dude!” The youngest one slapped her on the boob and nodded at me.

“Not you!” Avery lifted her hands as she gave me an embarrassed look. “You’re one of the good ones.”

“Mmm-hmm…” I raised an eyebrow.

“I’m sorry for earlier. We’re just a bit distrustful of men. Men tend to be backstabbing bastards,” the girl with glasses said.

“Some group you brought me into…” I shot an eye at Bethany, who broke into a blush.

“Brother, I’m sorry. Thank you for sticking around.”

“It’s fine.” I sighed. “It takes a lot more than that to offend me. I wouldn’t join that group even if they offered me money.”

“I see…”

“In that case, let’s go sign up.” Avery clapped her hands together.

The group of us came up to the table just as the all-male group finished registering. The girl who was registering us waved Avery over and then put a form in front of her.

“Put your team’s information here. I’ll need the names of everyone in your team.” He pointed right under where the boys had their team listed as “Pocket Rockets”.

The lead guy from earlier looked over at us and raised his nose. “Prepare to be under us in the listing from now on.”

With that, he turned and began to walk away. He walked in a way in which his ass popped back and forth. I made a grossed-out face until I realized that all the girls were staring at his butt. I slapped Bethany on the shoulder.

“Owe! I wasn’t looking!” She immediately acted defensively.

“I was…” The girl in glasses chuckled. “He may be a stud, but what I wouldn’t give to wreck that dick of his.”

“Dina!” Bethany gave a horrified cry.

“That’s right, we never introduced ourselves.” The younger girl spoke up. “I’m Katie, and this is Dina. Dina is in 9 th grade, and I’m in 7 th .”

“That young?”

Even Bethany was in 8 th now, just one year away from high school. It seemed like Avery and Dina were the same age and grade as the twins. However, neither of them had that much of an interest in video games.

“Y-young! I’ll have you know that I’ve grown pubes and everything! You want to see!” She started pulling open her pants.

“Stop trying to show my brother your pussy!” Bethany grabbed the other girl.

“Will you put that flabby thing away?” Avery growled at her.

“I’m tight! I’m very tight!” She growled before looking my way with puppy dog eyes. “You believe I’m tight, don’t you?”

I nodded and gave her a thumbs up. “Of course, virgins are usually tight.”

The other three girls burst out laughing. It was the wrong thing to say, as Katie began sulking once again. The girl who had been servicing us waited patiently, although her mouth twitched slightly. It was hard to say if it was from hiding mirth, or disapproval.

“Alright, alright.” Avery waved her hands. “What do we want to call ourselves?”

“How about… Peach Pounders?” Bethany offered.

“Peach Pounders?” I made a face.

“I mean… we all know Peach is just a euphemism for sex anyway.” Avery declared.

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, think about it. The main character is called Peach. She runs around all day jumping on top of mushrooms and turtle shells. Her primary attack is to pound herself against hard objects. She has to battle a fire-breathing dragon. Mario is a walking penis for Peach to conquer.”

“What is a fire-breathing dragon a metaphor for?”

“Gonorrhea.”

“I’m sorry I asked.”

“I don’t know. Peach Pounders sounds kind of gay.” Dina immediately disapproved. “It sounds like we’re the ones pounding the peach.”

“A peach is a word for vagina,” Bethany whispered to me.

“I know what a peach is!”

“How about Coinslot Quartet?” Dina offered.

“Well, there are five of us…” Avery raised an eyebrow.

“But only four of us have vaginas.”

“Why are you intent on naming it on your genitals?” I asked.

“You’re a guy, you wouldn’t understand,” Bethany responded seriously.

“How about Quarter in the Coinslots?” Avery snapped her finger.

“Am I the quarter?” I asked.

“That’s not important.”

“I’m not going in your coinslots.”

“Don’t be gross, Noah,” Bethany responded.

“Boys shouldn’t be gross. Get your mind out of the gutter, Noah.” Katie seemed to have recovered from her previous depression to make such a remark.

I sighed helplessly as Avery wrote out the information down. We ended up named Quarter in the Coinslots. It did have a bit of a ring to it, and as long as you didn’t think about it too much it wasn’t perverse. I supposed that was exactly what to expect from a group of perverted teenage girls. As they finished up registering, I heard some conversation in the distance.

“You’re pretty cute, you know? Do you have a boyfriend?” I turned to see a boy who had cornered Samantha.

He was being very forceful and was looking down on her with hands-on on both sides of the walls. Seeing a blushing Samantha, I immediately felt anger. I left the party of girls and walked across the large hall to where they were. As I got close, I could hear more of the conversation.

“I do have a boyfriend,” Samantha answered.

“He’s probably ugly. How about you go out with me instead?”

I reached them as Samantha’s mouth fell open, a loss of what to say.

“Excuse me.”

The guy glanced back, looked me up and down once, and then snorted and looked away. “Anyway, you’re looking pretty good. I’d bet you’d look better on me.”

Samantha had noticed I was there and gave me a helpless look. I cleared my throat once again. He finally turned back.

“Is there a problem?”

“Um… yeah, that’s my girlfriend,” I responded.

He raised an eyebrow, looking me up and down. “Yeah, well, I’m talking to her right now, so you’re just going to have to wait your turn.”

“I’m sorry, what did you say?”

He spun and then pushed me. I wasn’t expecting it, so I fell back several steps, just managing to catch myself.

“I said, get lost, hoe. You look like a scrub in that outfit.” He made a gesture with his hands as if he was talking about my entire body. “She is way too cute for a slut like you.”

I felt as lost as Samantha. I could only let out an awkward laugh.

“Look, I’m sorry, but my girlfriend isn’t interested in you. Can you please just leave us alone?”

Our conversation was starting to draw some attention, and my team started to walk over along with a few other people. I felt better with my sister and the others behind me. I turned back to grab Samantha and be on my way.

“Ahhhh!” The guy suddenly let out a scream and leaped at me.

I was so shocked, I could barely react as he grabbed my head. He didn’t punch me though. Instead, he started scratching me with his nails.

“What the hell?” I barely managed to get out as he continued to scream like a banshee.

“It’s a dick fight!”

“Awesome!”

“They’re fighting over a girl, haha!”

I heard several voices that sounded like they were happy to watch the show. My sister and the rest of the girls were part of them. I was feeling my face get scratched. It wasn’t particularly painful, but it was annoying. I managed to push him away and shoot Samantha a look.

She gave a shrug. “I can’t hit a boy.”

He screamed and then jumped on me again. This time, I was able to keep him from grabbing my head. I looked frantically for help, but everyone there was a girl, and they seemed more interested in watching than doing anything to stop it. I managed to catch the interest of a nearby security guard. The female security guard looked over, but when she saw it was a dispute between two guys, she suddenly seemed less interested. What the heck was with these people?

“Stay the heck off of me! I mean it!” I shouted while trying to keep the crazy-ass guy away from me.

“You stupid hoe! You can’t even fight, you dick!” He charged me again.

This time, I had reached my limit, and I made a fist and punched. As he charged, he was struck right in the nose, his head whipping back. Blood began to leak from his nose. He looked down at me again, and then let out another scream.

I punched him again in the face, and then in the stomach, and then I kneed him in the groin for good measure. He collapsed to the floor like that. A second later, he started bawling, curling up in the fetal position.

“Waaah! Waaaah!”

I looked up to see Dawn standing nearby with a camera.

“The way brother fights isn’t cute at all.” Dawn shook her head in disappointment.

“They didn’t even tear off any clothing.” Someone else murmured.

The crowd quickly dispersed and only then did the security guard finally appear and grab me like I was the problem. I was escorted out of the building while the psycho guy was brought to the medic.

“I’ll overlook this because you’re a boy too, but next time you shouldn’t be so hard on boys.” The female security guard told me sternly.

My team walked out, and I lifted my hands. “What the hell was that?”

The girls looked at me disapprovingly and then walked by. Bethany was the last to pass me, and she stopped, giving me a somewhat sympathetic look.

“Maybe brother should fight more like a boy and less like a girl in the future.” She walked by.

Samantha was just passing by as my mood hit rock bottom. I immediately grabbed her arm and yanked her over.

“Y-yes, Noah?”

“We’re going to go have sex.” I narrowed my eyes at her.

“B-be gentle, sweetie!”

I wasn’t.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“I-is this really what you want to see me in?” I asked.

Abigail nodded her head excitedly, and I could only helplessly sigh as I stepped out from behind the changing curtain. I was wearing a banana hammock and a very tight shirt. I wasn’t some muscle-bound guy with a six-pack, so I felt completely ridiculous wearing it, but somehow Abigail had convinced me to try on some clothing for her. She was now looking at me with eyes filled with perversion.

The video game competition was coming up next weekend, and I should be practicing my game so I didn’t embarrass them, but it was Abigail’s day to have me and she was having a particularly perverted day. Abigail was a bit of a nerd. If she was a guy, she’d be that creepy artistic type who drew hentai and stole girl’s underwear from the locker room. I think she had stolen some of my underwear at one point, but I never had the nerve to point the finger at her.

We were in the large shed behind Abigail’s house which she had turned into her pervert pad. Naturally, her parents who both worked all of the time hadn’t paid attention to her extra-curricular activities, so they didn’t know she was the notorious online pervert Peepshow. Well, since meeting me, but Abigail and Dawn had settled down with their perverted ways.

I think having a real boy who was eager and willing to fulfill all of their perverted fantasies had caused it to become too real for them. Teenagers certainly fantasied about all the crazy things they wanted to do when they finally found a willing partner, but the vast majority settled on missionary, doggie, and maybe anal if they were feeling adventurous. Those who created sex rooms and got into the kinkier stuff were a rather small part of the population. In Abigail’s case, she had made the sex room before she had a partner to share it with.

She was wearing her overalls with the straps just covering her breasts and her hair in pigtails again. I didn’t know why she wore that every time her shed came into place. I supposed every potential serial rapist had to have a costume. I had to admit that it was sexy though. Whenever she leaned forward, the strap loosened and I could see a slip of her nipple. I tried to avoid looking though, as I did not want to get an erection while wearing this ridiculous getup.

Dawn wasn’t present at this time. She hadn’t told me at the time, but Abigail’s sex shed had caused her to grow somewhat uncomfortable. Realizing that her photography had advanced to the point where she was dragging her brother out in the middle of the night to a stranger’s shed to film him having sex, one could say she had an epiphany. That’s the real reason why she closed down her up short website and went legit. She didn’t want to end up like Abigail, leading innocent men into her perverted red room.

Of course, I was joking a bit. I didn’t think Abigail was necessarily that bad, or I wouldn’t have come here, even if it was daytime now. She had me to unload her sexual desires, after all, so I didn’t think her perverted nature would grow into being a full-blown deviant. In a way, I was keeping her stable. That probably wasn’t healthy. I knew my sisters, especially Mackenzie, worried that Abigail might go too far and do something to hurt me. I wasn’t as worried. I just remembered to follow a couple of rules. No restraints when I was alone with Abigail, that was a major one.

The strangest thing about not having Dawn present was that there was no photography. In other words, I was wearing these outfits just for Abigail’s satisfaction. She was sitting in a chair, breathing heavily, her cheeks red and her eyes lit up with intense light. It was like being watched by an animal. Her glasses even kept fogging up, which she kept cleaning before staring at me again.

“Should I put something else on?” I asked, wondering when we’d get to the sex already.

She thought about it a second and then shook her head. “No, come here.”

Her voice was low and filled with a slightly scary intensity. I couldn’t help but feel complicated that the innocent girl who came to my house after school with groceries, acted politely, and got good grades was such a dark person at home. Then again, didn’t most of those stories about obsessive and crazy boyfriends start with the guy seeming perfectly normal until he had her right where he wanted her? Well, my position was a little different. I had a lot of sisters, for example. Abigail knew that if she took things too far, Mackenzie, the twins, and even Samantha would take turns pummeling her. Furthermore, she was not a fit girl, so I was pretty sure I could take her.

That said, I still walked toward her as she asked, playing along with her sex games. I did it mostly because I was curious, but also because I was amused. Something was arousing about having someone look at you like that. Having grown up without a single woman ever looking my way, to have one staring at me so intently like she wanted to devour my body caused me to get pretty excited.

As I approached her, I realized I had allowed my thoughts to slip to sex again, and the banana hammock started to stretch as I grew erect. Abigail’s eyes bulged, and a cruel smile formed on her lips.

“My, my… someone’s being a naughty boy.” She purred.

Her hand came out and grabbed my dick through the tight shorts, and then she stuck out her tongue and licked the underwear in a lewd manner. I could feel her tongue through the thin material, but it felt strange to have her do it through the material. I couldn’t help but fidget uncomfortably as she continued to lick my cock, but without any direct contact. She seemed to notice this and looked up at me, giving me a questioning look.

“What is it?”

“I’d rather you pull the side,” I responded honestly.

Her expression grew into a smirk. “Oh? Do you want direct contact? My little slut can’t take this anymore?”

I understood what she was doing immediately. She was trying to tease me like a boy would tease a girl. I suppose that she wanted me to deny I’m a slut, and then continue to tease me until I would admit it. There was probably a time when I would have gone along with it. Guys pretended they were manly men who would take a woman and put her in her place, making her do whatever they wanted sexually, but that was just a power fantasy. In reality, most guys would do whatever it took for even the barest level of acknowledgment and sexual satisfaction.

I was pretty confident that if a girl was hot enough, she could ask a guy to fuck her with a dildo in his ass, and most guys wouldn’t hesitate to agree to it, presuming it was something that stayed between the pair of them. As long as he got his sexual satisfaction, what wouldn’t he do if a woman asked nicely enough and was worth it? Wasn’t that the entire reason men paid for dates? All the woman needed to do was lie there and be pretty.

When I had first come to this world, I was like that as well. I was a horny virgin teenager, so whatever girls asked of me, I would give them. That led to me taking the submissive role in the relationship more often than I’d like. Wasn’t that what I was doing? Wasn’t I wearing outfits to please her? I had told myself I was just trying to get her excited for sex, but since she took things to the next step, I had come to the realization I was just doing it again.

I had already learned that I could get sex whenever I wanted. I didn’t need to do what they demanded to please them. That’s not to say that I wanted to make Abigail feel bad, but if the girls of this world were anything like the boys of my world, she probably wouldn’t care five seconds after getting what she wanted anyway! They wanted it just as badly as I did, so why did I need to play some part in her perverted fantasy?

As I thought of this, I started to have another epiphany. In my world, which guys were women more attracted to? In my mind, they seemed to like the selfish assholes the most. Meanwhile, the other guys who would chase after women buying them dinner and acting nice would rarely end up with anything at the end. It seemed like no matter which world you lived in, the submissive guy was the loser. It had taken being on both sides before I finally realized it. A man needed to have confidence in himself and not define his behavior based on a woman, even if he was into her.

I had come so far since the world had changed, and yet every day I was finding out I still had a lot more growing to do. Well, I wasn’t even seventeen yet, so I supposed there was still time. However, when it came to my relationships, I had promised myself I wasn’t going to play around anymore. That meant that I needed to put Abigail in her proper place for once.

Abigail was still trying to excite me, growing more enthusiastic. She had misinterpreted the crease on my forehead as I came to my conclusion as a desperate attempt to resist her charm. That wasn’t the reality at all. I crossed my arms.

“Suck my dick,” I said in my most authoritative voice.

Abigail blinked for a second, but then her cruel domineering expression returned. “Hehe… you’ll need to beg if you want any more.”

I couldn’t help but make an irritated noise. Did she think I was so weak that I would immediately submit to a little teasing? I pulled away from her, causing her to nearly fall flat on her face as she was leaning on me so heavily.

“Who do you think is the slut in this relationship?” I asked teasingly.

“You’re the man!” She responded angrily.

I grinned. “You’re right, I am.”

I grabbed her and shoved her down onto the floor as I started ripping off her underwear and pants. She resisted, but not very much, and soon her lower portion was down.

“Wh-what do you think you’re doing?” She demanded, although her eyes were trying to hide her eagerness.

I stopped just as I spread her open, leaning down and sniffing. “I wonder what that smell is?”

Her face turned red. “Wh-what are you smelling? It’s sweaty. Girls always smell down there. We’re girls.”

“Oh? Aren’t you quite a bit wet for a sweaty girl?”

I just casually touched her wet slit, causing her body to shiver. She was panting hard now, but it was clear she was unhappy that the fantasy she had carefully orchestrated was being upset by me. I took my cock and pressed it up against her, but I made sure not to slide it in. Instead, I kept rubbing my head up and down her slit. Meanwhile, my thumb rubbed her clitoris, moving around in rapid circles. Her angry expression was no longer able to remain on her face as the pleasure began to hit her.

“Ahh… ahhh… ahhh… fuh…aahhhh…” She moaned, her body shaking.

I waited until her moans grew, and then I slowed to nearly a stop, allowing her to calm down. Then I did it again, and then one more time. On the third time that I slowed down, she got annoyed.

“Stick it in already!”

I grinned. “You’ll need to beg if you want any more.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

|  |

After making my declaration, I plunged my dick into Abby with a single purposeful thrust. It was so sudden after I had been teasing her that the vaginal walls constricted on my dick tightly, and her eyes creased as she closed them in sexual agony. Her body seemed to shake with pleasure, but if I was going to start going east on her, then I wasn’t being the man. I buried my cock fully inside her. Any feelings she might have had that she was being dominated by a man seemed to flee her face at the feeling of her womb being filled by my cock.

I enjoyed the wet, warm feeling of her wet throbbing pussy with my cock. My hands reached out and grabbed her chest, rubbing it to my desire. Female chests were seemingly neglected in this world. They thought nothing of displaying them, and men thought nothing of satisfying them, so no matter what girl it was when I start pulling and squeezing on her nipples, I couldn’t help but enjoy the noises she made as she felt feelings most girls in this world were neglect.

“Ahhn… nnn… N-noah…” She moaned through clenched teeth.

Perhaps she would have asked me not to be so rough, but in a world where men acted like women and vice versa, that would probably hit on her pride. As aggressive as Abigail tried to act before, she could only lie back and take it or risk hurting her pride as a woman. After all, what man would complain that his woman was too sexually wild in bed? In the same respect, I could do anything I wanted to Abigail, and she would take it. It was one of those great benefits of being in this world.

My dick started to shove in and out of her, impaling her repeatedly. I already started thrusting with full slaps that didn’t hold back. Abigail was not some virgin anymore, but a perverted little slut. Each time I thrust into her, it was enough force that the weight of her breast pushed up. I could feel them bouncing in the palm of my hands and it only made me want to squeeze and pull on her nipples even harder while I pounded her.

Abigail’s body couldn’t deny the pleasure she was feeling either. Each time I thrust, I could hear her become wetter and dirty. The wet slaps as my balls slapped against her crotch and groin pressed against her glistening wet clitoris only became juicier and juicier. Getting her worked up had worked well because as soon as I gave her what she wanted, she started cumming on command. Although her teeth were closed tightly and she was trying to prevent them from showing her state, I could feel the rhythmic contractions of her pussy around my cock.

“Fuck… fuck… fuck…” She let out, her eyes shut tightly and her mouth open.

The cute expressions on her face that had become completely devoid of the domination and insolence she had shown before only caused my excitement to the peak. I felt my vigor increasing several times, and picked up the pace, thrusting past her engorged folds, pounding her twitching cunt even through her orgasm. Her hands had been raking the carpet underneath us as she fought against the pleasure and agony, but it was no longer enough to help her keep control, so she reached up and grabbed my arms which were still playfully holding her nipples.

I had pulled her nipples up, and her breasts had become almost like a teepee. Whenever I thrust into her, the fatty material bounced, her nipples being pulled up and down where my fingers held them in place. Her hands began to tighten on my arms, the nails digging in. She wasn’t trying to hurt me. Lost in her pleasure, she seemed to be oblivious to what she was doing. This continued to egg me on, and I used the pain in my arms to keep myself from releasing too early. Inadvertently, her actions were only delaying her sexual torment.

I continued to fill and stretch her warm, tight pussy. I had tasted the pussy of women of a variety of ages now, and there were definite advantages and disadvantages to both. An experienced woman had control of her vaginal muscles, and she would use them to please the man she was with. She was more focused on his pleasure. I didn’t know if that was because women in this world were the equivalent of men, or if older women in my world also tended to care about their partner’s pleasure more than their own.

All I knew was that a younger girl like Abigail was a bit more selfish and focused. Once she started feeling good, she forgot about her partner, and as for technique, she didn’t possess any other than to hump wildly and hope. However, that tight teenage pussy was something most adult women didn’t possess. Whether it was the still developing shape of their bodies, or the intense hormones raging through them, there was something more wild and sloppy about a teenage girl. If I tried to say which I preferred, the experience of an adult woman, or the tight and wild body of a teenager, I wouldn’t be able to say. They were merely two different types that I got to enjoy.

As I continued to thrust into her, the friction and pressure of my cock were growing too much. I could feel her back arcing as she was unable to hold back the intense feeling ripping through her. Her clenched teeth finally slipped open, and she started letting out long and incoherent moans.

“Ahhh… ahhh… ahhh… gghhaaaaa….” She cried out as her body contorted in pleasure.

I brushed away some hair that had fallen on her cheek, and then I brought my lips down to her. As if she was a hungry bird finding substances, her mouth quickly closed and she desperate and sloppily tried to kiss me. Her mouth was still letting out the moans though. Once the flood gates had been opened, she no longer could resist. She let out moan after moan as her pussy seemed to grow impossibly tight.

It was to the point where my cock couldn’t pull in and out of her as easily anymore. I was worried the next time I pulled out, I wouldn’t be able to get it back in, so I did the only thing I could and shoved my dick as deep into her as I could get it. With her wet lips pressed against mine and her throat letting out pained moans, I felt her body writhe under me. She was having a full-blown orgasm, the kind that couldn’t be resisted and couldn’t be stopped.

Her back had arched so much that I finally had to pull away from her breasts. My dick would have flopped out as the angle of entry began to change too much. My only choice was to reach down and grab those thick hips and then pull, forcing my dick to remain tucked inside her deeply. Thankfully, her hands had desperately left my arms and grabbed onto my head. Her hands savagely grabbed at my hair, like she was falling and holding on for dear life while she kissed me desperately and sloppily, her tongue wiggling in my mouth with reckless abandon.

Her body seemed to vibrate as she reached the crescendo of her orgasm, and I could feel her pussy pulsating wildly against my dick. I could feel a flush of moisture gush out around my dick, and the contractions seemed to reach a rhythmic point where my dick was being squeezed so hard, I did think it would pop out if I didn’t have such a grip on her hips. Her hands, as if they still didn’t know where they should be, had reached down and grabbed the back of my hands, as if she was trying to tell me to keep holding on and to never let my dick fall from her naughty cunt.

The experience probably only lasted a few moments, but it felt like this orgasm had been going on for minutes. When the arch in her back finally dissipated and she collapsed back down on the ground, she was covered in a slick sheen of sweat like she had just had the workout of her life. Of course, she had just lied there and I had been the one doing all the work, but I wasn’t going to complain about it. When our lips finally broke, a thick stream of saliva running from my lips to her open panting mouth, Abigail could say nothing. Her chest heaved with each breath as she struggled to recover.

Usually, I came at the same time as the girl. I didn’t know if this was usual, but it was common for me. Yet, despite her tight pussy’s savage attempts to milk my cock, I had managed to remain cum-free. I had been focused so much on her, that I hadn’t considered my own body and my pleasure. I didn’t hate that though. This might have been a world where women were just expected to cum and men were usually the focus in the sexual experience, but I felt like there was something particularly mainly about making sure that the woman left sexually satisfied.

“D-did you cum?” She asked as soon as her breath recovered enough, a slight look of embarrassment in her eyes.

Part of me almost said yes, just so that this moment wasn’t dampened by the fact I hadn’t finished inside her. However, I quickly realized that lying about such a thing was probably normal for the men of this world, and that wasn’t the kind of man that I wanted to be.

“I haven’t.” I gave an honest answer instead. “Are you going to finish me off?”

I looked up and down her body. Other than being sweaty, Abigail’s hair had somehow become a mess. Her breasts were red from all of the pushing and pulling on them, and as my dick flopped out of her cunt, I could see it had become a wet, dripping mess. There was none of the familiar white goop leaking out, but Abigail had seemingly dirtied herself enough of her own.

I wasn’t sure how Abigail would react to being told she had failed to arouse my dick. Would she be annoyed? Angry? Ashamed? After examining her body, my eyes landed on Abigail’s face, waiting for an answer. Her eyes looked away cutely.

“I-I’ll take care of it.”

Compared to the teasing, perverted little vixen from before, Abigail had become rather demure after getting her orgasm. I laughed, sitting back on my butt and spreading my legs. My dick was still rock hard and shot from between my legs like I had grown a third one. As Abigail saw me waiting, she began to move, but it was immediately obvious by her jerky movements that her pussy was still climaxing. Just the act of getting up and moving caused her pussy to clamp down several times, devoid of the cock that it wanted so desperately.

Yet, she had her orgasm, and it was her turn to satisfy me. Abigail got on all fours and then crawled between my legs. Her eyes were focused entirely on my cock, like it was the most important thing to her. She reached back and pulled her hair up. There was a hairband that had been lying on the floor nearby, and she used it to tie her hair back in a ponytail. Then, she hovered her head up over my cock. It was still wet and filthy with her juices.

If porn was to be believed, most women would happily suck a dick that just came from their pussy. Meanwhile, most guys wouldn’t eat a pussy that had been cummed inside. If the opposite held, then it stood to reason that such an act was a little gross for Abigail. Most of the time, it was the heat of the moment, and the girls went along with the moment, but it was clear such a thought came to Abigail. I decided to help her along.

I reached out and grabbed her head and then pushed it down onto my cock. “Bon appetit.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“To the right! I said to the right! Fuck!” Sophie cursed before giving me a side glance. “S-sorry.”

“Why do you think I fucking care if you swear?” I responded as I lined up my shot and fired. “It’s your house.”

“Hah! We won!” Nora threw up her hands.

We were playing a two-on-two match and Nora and I managed to tag-team the other girls. Besides having sex with my girlfriends and sisters, I did dedicate some time to practice gaming. After all, I didn’t want to embarrass Bethany who had invited me to play with her. I ended up setting up a practice session with my lunch friends. They were all gamers, but none of them were competitive. They were amused when I told them I was on a gaming team and that we were going to compete the following week. Thus, we ended up at Nora’s house playing an assortment of games.

Of course, my sisters weren’t happy about me going to some strange girl’s house. My girlfriends were even less happy. I had spent a lot of time with them the last week though, and I just needed a break. I wanted to just hang out and be myself without any sexual tension. That was the one problem with the new dynamic I had seemingly formed with my family. Any given interaction ran a risk of things turning sexual.

My sisters had recently started a sort of competition where they’d try to slap my butt when I passed by. Sometimes, they got a bit hard. Every time I was alone, one of my sisters would appear and start rubbing up on me, her pussy wet as she begged for a release like a cat in heat. A lot of practice and I could usually bring them to climax in only a few minutes, but I still couldn’t help my lips from getting chapped when I had to eat three pussies back-to-back.

I mean, I didn’t always use my lips. Sometimes, I just fingered them to climax. Of course, I could always just use my dick too. I could usually finger them to climax faster though, and my dick would smell a bit after getting covered in their love juices, so it was easier to use my hands. It wasn’t all bad. When I ate their pussy, they usually reciprocated. However, I was getting it enough where the novelty of it was starting to go away. I was one of those strange guys who were sexually content. I didn’t need it any more than I was getting it, and thus I could afford to be choosy. So, having a break with a bunch of loser geek girls felt good.

“What do you want to play next?” Luna asked, reaching out and eating Doritos which she let fall all over her shirt in a very messy way.

“We could play Peach Party.” Sophie offered.

“Dude, I don’t want to play that. It’s a kid’s game.” Luna scoffed.

“Kid’s game? I like it!”

“Enough said.”

“Well, if you want to… ah… nothing!” Nora started to say something, and then her eyes darted to me and she stopped.

Her suspicious behavior was more than enough to catch the attention of the other two girls. Luna turned over, letting her crumbs fall on the carpet, while Sophie narrowed her eyes suspiciously.

“What is it?”

“What did you have in mind?”

Nora looked like she had been backed into a corner, she glanced back and forth between her two friends and then me. She had a helpless expression on her face.

“You might as well spit it out.” I shrugged, hoping to break the awkwardness of the situation.

“Ah, it’s just… if you wanted… something more adult…” The more Nora spoke, the quieter she got until no one could hear her.

“Speak up!” Sophie shouted, causing the other girl to nearly jump, looking around at the door like she expected her family to burst in.

“I was just… my mom… I was looking in her room, and I found her stash of naughty videos.”

“Naughty videos?” Luna blinked.

“Shhhh!” Nora cried out.

“Dude, you do know the internet exists. I can google all kinds of stuff in moments.” Sophie spoke dismissively.

“I k-know that! I was just offering. It’s like got production value and stuff. I was just offering!” Nora sounded defensive as the other two girls seemed to turn on her.

“Sounds like fun.” My words suddenly stopped their banter as all three girls suddenly looked at me in surprise. “What? I live with five sisters and we share a computer. It’s not like I can get that stuff easily.”

That was why I had watched porno on my crappy TV back in my old life. I didn’t have any other option. Yet, my other self didn’t own any porn. Believe me, I looked. He had a few novels that got kind of questionable, but no porn. I had still managed to get a few glimpses of it, but my exposure was light, and certainly not through the lens of a horny girl. Doing something like that sounded kind of fun. I wanted to see the three of them squirming with something on the screen.

“Um… yeah.” Luna nodded. “Let’s do it.”

“What are you waiting for, Nora, go get it!”

“Ah! Y-yeah!” Nora jumped up, running to her closet which she started rummaging through.

As soon as I jumped for it, suddenly all three girls were on board. I didn’t have to convince them at all. It seemed like when the boy in the group wanted to do something, the girls were perfectly happy jumping on board, especially when it was something filthy.

We waited a few minutes as Nora dug through her closet, the two girls looking around nervously, shooting me looks as if they were wondering whether this was okay. Nora had hidden her mother’s porno deeply, afraid that it would be found out and she would end up in trouble. She finally pulled out a DVD. I couldn’t help but let out a grown when I saw the title.

“Dirty Hot Stepbrothers 5.”

“I-is that a problem?” Nora and the other two girls suddenly looked terrified that I might disapprove.

“Ah, no, it’s fine.” I quickly reassured them.

“Of course, it’s not fine! He has a bunch of sisters, Idiot!” Sophie immediately caught on to the problem. “It’s probably really gross for him.”

“Ah, that’s right!” Nora’s face whitened. “Um… I just grabbed the first one I could find. I can go get another…”

“No, it’s fine!” I reached out and grabbed her arm, causing her to stiffen. “We’ll watch this one. I don’t mind.”

When I had first seen the cover, I was thinking I was destined to be trapped in sisterly love. I had engaged in a lot of incest lately, so I was aiming for a chance of pace. However, the more I thought about it, I started to think that this might be interesting to watch, as it would show me the kinds of fantasies my sisters imagined when they thought about me. That had some value to it, I thought.

“O-okay, I’m putting it on now.” Nora sounded a bit nervous, but she was also determined to watch it now.

I was noticing that all of the girls were giving me side looks as if this was all being done for my benefit. I had a feeling that the same way I was interested in seeing their reactions, they were looking to see my reaction too. They wanted to see a boy getting turned on. Well, I wasn’t sure if porno would do it for me anymore, considering I could get it from multiple women whenever I wanted.

After setting the disk in the DVD player under her TV, Nora ran over to the doorway and checked outside before carefully closing it. Her dad was downstairs, but he was listening to some kind of soap opera and he had the volume up pretty loud. Still, we’d need to be a bit careful. She turned down the lights so that the glow of the TV was mostly what could be seen. By the time Nora got back, the movie’s main menu had loaded. It depicted a closeup of a guy’s crotch in a speedo. He’d occasionally bounce up and down so that it would jiggle. I did my best to look away as I waited for them to hit play.

Maybe, watching porn with the girls wasn’t such a good idea after all. Porn in this word tended to focus more on the guy and his body than the girl. At least, when I looked for porn, I could find stuff that had a female focus, but this might be a bit cringy for me. However, the intro credits had already started playing, some techno band music, and the girls were all staring at the screen with wide eyes and complete focus.

I was the one who opened my mouth, so I was just going to have to let this play out. I leaned back and watched as the first scene began. A guy was lying in bed. He was wearing a crop top and his shorts were so tight that he probably spoke a few octaves higher than was necessary. There was a light knock on the door.

“Little brother, are you the one who left the toilet seat up?” A woman at the door declared with big boobs and a somewhat muscular body.

“Ah, sister… I’m sorry, I forgot. I’m not used to living with a step-sister.” The boy spoke in such an innocent way that I resisted snorting.

“Well, you live with a girl now, so things need to change around here.”

“H-how should they change, big sister?”

The girl looked at her brother consideringly. “First, stand up.”

“O-okay.” The boy eagerly stood up as the girl looked him up and down.

“First things first, what do you think you’re wearing?” She reached out and grabbed his butt. “This outfit is far too slutty.”

“Ah… b-but sister, it’s comfortable…”

“It’s slutty.” She slapped his ass. “Wearing stuff like that is naughty.”

It was exactly as cringy as I had feared that it would be. However, there was something else about it that felt off. Was it perhaps a bit too close to home? I seemed to recall a situation similar to this happening a week ago with Mackenzie. She stormed into my room saying that what I was wearing was slutty. She didn’t watch this video and get ideas, did she? Come to think of it, didn’t we end up having sex after?

As I was considering that, I heard some rustling next to me. Since I wasn’t completely focused on the awkward porno, my eyes drifted to the girls next to me. That’s when I noticed that their hands were between their legs. Their eyes were locked on the screen, which had the boy’s ass in full view while the sister continued to spank him and tell him how naughty he was. Their hands were moving up and down, rubbing between their legs.

I watched one of the girls lift her hand, and then slide it down in her pants. They weren’t just watching the porno! The girls had started to rub themselves in front of me. I quickly drew my eyes back front and center so none of the three realized I had noticed. My focus stopped being on the movie though and started being on the girls next to me. As the guy was stripped and she started sucking his dick, their movements grew more aggressive. My ears caught their heavy breaths and the sounds of fabric moving as they each pleasured themselves.

The movie itself hadn’t excited me, but the sound of these three girls pleasuring themselves did. These girls were effectively nerds. They didn’t do their hair. They wore tacky clothing. They never wore makeup. Overall, I wouldn’t say they were super hot. Compared to my girlfriends or my sisters, they were a few points lower, but that didn’t mean there wasn’t a kind of charm to geeky virgins.

As I could feel my dick hardening, I began to wonder if I should help them all along. I didn’t want to change the nature of our friendships, but I could at least give them a helping hand. We were friends, after all. Right?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Hah… hah… hah…”

The breathing of these girls would have been enough to fog a car window. Hell, it was fogging the bedroom window. If anyone looked from the outside, this room would be suspicious. Thankfully, Nora’s bedroom window was blocked by a large tree in the backyard, so this room was given a lot of privacy.

The more I heard their moaning, the harder I became, and it wasn’t like I could hide it with three girls in the room. I saw them all shooting me side looks, seeing if I was getting turned on by it too. Wasn’t that the fantasy, to show a girl a porn and watch her get turned on? Well, in those situations, the girl didn’t have an erection that gave everything away. Seeing the tent in my pants only seemed to make the three of them more excited, and their petting grew more aggressive. It began a tangible sent in the air, which went back to only making it even harder for me.

With so many sisters, my mom, and even three girlfriends, one would think I could just be satisfied with that, but how could I be a man and pass up such a naughty opportunity. It was already difficult getting Abigail, Samantha, and Anna in the same room together, but to have a foursome with all of them was impossible. Other than my twin sisters, my opportunities for more than two people at a time were rather low.

I didn’t know how far I’d end up going with these ladies, but I decided to at least go a little farther. I very quietly unzipped my pants, and then pulled out my cock. I gripped it with my hand, and then started to stroke up and down it slowly and methodically, taking my time to strike the entire length and giving the girls a chance to see it in all of its glory. As soon as it whipped out, I could hear an inhalation of breath from all of them, and I knew their eyes that should have been on the screen were now looking at my pants.

The scene on the television was much more eventful at the moment, with the girl bouncing up and down on the guy’s cock while his face was scrunched up and he was letting out long wails of pleasure like it was the greatest sex ever. However, that was a fictional recording, and I was real and in front of them. Their hands had temporarily stopped moving in their pants but then started up again even faster as they watched me.

“D-do you mind if I touch it?” Not even a minute passed before such a question was asked.

“Sophie, what the hell?” Luna declared.

“I was just asking!” Sophie responded defensively.

“Even so, he’s a friend, why would you ask that?”

“You can,” I spoke up, causing all three girls to look at me in shock.

Sophie looked down at my dick, while the other two girls looked at her. I could hear them all swallowing hard. Sophie pulled her hand out of her pants, and almost likely she was in a trance, crawled over to my dick. The other two girls watched with wide eyes. They were ignoring the porn scene on the television completely as they focused on something far more stimulating.

Sophie stopped just short of having her head over my lap. I moved my hand so that my dick was just poking up out of my pants freely, the view unobstructed. Sophie lifted a single finger and reached out toward it. Her hand moved slowly like she was trying to pet a tiger. Her finger touched my dick, pushing it to the side. She pulled back her finger, and it bounced slightly from side to side. The girls all broke into smiles. The kind of things that entertained girls were odd.

“It’s warm.” Sophie bit her lip as she examined it thoroughly.

“I learned in sex ed that it’s engorged with blood. Isn’t that kind of gross.” Nora added. “It’s like you get fucked by a rod-shaped blood balloon.”

“Ew… shut up, Nora.” Sophie shot her a disgusted look.

“How does this feel?” Luna didn’t seem to pull herself back, so she reached out and grabbed my dick tightly in her hand.

“Dude!” Sophie shot her a look while Luna shrugged helplessly, but then all of the girls looked at me, still clearly wanting an answer.

“It’s fine?” I responded, not sure what else to say.

“Does it feel good though?” She asked.

She wasn’t moving her hand though. She was just holding it. I had underestimated just how much of a geeky virgin my friends were. It’d be like a guy sticking a finger in a girl and being like, “did you cum yet?”.

“Your hand… is a bit cold.” I decided to speak honestly.

Luna’s face drained of color, and she quickly let go.

“My hands are warm, how’s this.” Sophie grabbed it next, using both hands and wearing a face filled with concentration.

“Th-they are warmer…” I couldn’t keep the grin on my face, as the situation was just far too comical.

“Yeah, but does it feel good?”

“I mean, it feels fine. You’re not squeezing too hard.” I stated.

“I mean, in porn, the second the girl grabs the guy’s dick, he goes crazy,” Nora explained. “Are your nipples sensitive?”

“Why don’t you try one and find out?” I teased.

I was just joking, so I was a bit stunned when Nora grabbed my shirt and pulled it up, revealing my chest. She immediately leaned down and licked one of my nipples. She didn’t stop there though. She put it on her lips and started sucking on it. It did feel kind of good, especially with Luna squeezing on my dick.

“It’s more the movement that feels good, rather than just the touch,” I instructed Nora.

She nodded and then started moving her hand, stroking my cock up and down. Sophie looked like she didn’t want to be left out, so she moved around the other two and came on my other side. Settling on her knees, she leaned down and took the nipple that Nora wasn’t playing with.

I was on the floor, my back to the side of a bed, my legs spread in a sitting position. I had one girl stroking my cock, while two other girls each sucked on one of my nipples. I had only been teasing at the start, but this situation was quickly starting to do it for me. At first, I was going to just tease the girls a little, but their diligent attention was causing me to grow too excited.

“Haah… ahhh…. Haaah…” It was my turn to be the one gasping and moaning.

These girls didn’t even think to play with themselves as they gratified me. They were too new at this and too excited by the mere chance of touching a boy. Wet spots were forming between their legs, but their focus was 100% on me. A guy would normally be blessed to have a single girl giving so much focus into satisfying her man, but for three of them to be, it was very intense. At that point, Nora bit down on one of my nipples.

“Owww.” I cried out.

However, Nora didn’t stop, biting it again even harder. I thought about pushing her away, but I didn’t want to ruin the mood. That’s when I felt a bit of pain in my groin. Sophie was working extremely hard to jack my dick, but her fist was moving up and down it fast, and every time she went down, her fist hit my balls. At first, it felt fine but repeated hits and it was starting to hurt. Was this the problem with an enthusiastic virgin?

These girls were far from my first virgin, but all of the other girls I had taken were usually a one-on-one affair. Furthermore, I usually took the lead, or at least, there was some emotional attachment between us so they were very careful. With these three girls who I only hung out with casually at school, I was more like a toy they just realized they could play with. All they knew was porn they watched on television, stuff geared toward the female sex, and it filled their heads with all kinds of rough behavior.

If it was just one of them, they might have been too nervous to act aggressively, but because they were in a group, these friends of mine had suddenly turned into predators, wanting to test out every little dirty thing they could think of. Luna pulled back from sucking on my nipple and then grabbed it with her thumb and forefinger and just pulled it before twisting it in her fingers. I wasn’t some masochist though, so it didn’t feel sexy at all.

Luna seemed to notice what Luna was doing, and so she pulled back and did the same thing, except she was much more aggressive, twisting it like she was trying to give me a purple nurple. I reached my limit.

“Ow!” I growled as loud as I dared with the parents still downstairs. “That hurts. I don’t like it.”

I had thought they would settle down, but Nora only laughed. “You’re still hard, aren’t you? Don’t worry, you’ll start to like it.”

Luna laughed. “You’ll like a lot of things, you dirty slut.”

Sophie’s hand stopped on my dick for a second, a bit surprised by the other girl’s words, but it didn’t take her more than a moment before she was back to jacking my dick. However, whatever middling amount of pleasure I had felt at the start was mostly gone now. My dick was sore and my nipples hurt too. Girls who didn’t know what they were doing weren’t nearly as cute as I originally thought.

“Alright, we’re done.” I declared.

“What?” I tried to stand up, but that was when the girls pushed me back down.

“Not so fast.” Nora grabbed my arm.

“Hey, we’re not done,” Luna added.

“Yeah, well, I’m done.” I tried to get up again.

Sophie had let go of my dick, and she was looking between the other two girls uncertainly.

“Don’t be like that, you were into it before.” Nora grabbed me and before I knew it, her tongue was in my mouth.

I quickly pushed her off, but she had grabbed onto my dick and was trying to get on top of me.

“Come on, I want to feel your dick in me. You’ve fucked lots of girls. One more won’t matter, right?” Nora declared.

“Don’t be such a frigid dick.” Luna nodded

“Dude, that’s too far.” Sophie fell back, but I also didn’t see her jumping to save me.

Any amorous feeling that I had been having was long gone. I had been playful in the beginning, but the more aggressive they became, the less interested I was. I had self-awareness of the situation. If this was back when I was in my old world and I heard some girl was leading a guy on and then suddenly wanted to stop, I’d probably be calling her a cock tease and a bitch just like them. You had to be in that situation where you weren’t in the mood while the other party felt you owed them to truly understand it.

Nora was wearing a skirt, and while she was sloppily fighting to line my dick up and push her underwear aside so she could stick me inside her, I grabbed her by the hips and then stood up anyway. It wasn’t like I was physically weaker than her. Testosterone was one thing this world couldn’t explain away. While men were stronger and faster than women on average, most men deliberately acted weaker. Strong men made women uncomfortable.

Since coming to that world, I had often fallen back into a passive role. Occasionally, I could act aggressively, but more often than not, it put the women in this world off, and a guy who acted aggressively was immediately scorned or ridiculed. However, just because I sometimes acted the part didn’t mean I wasn’t still a man. Nora’s eye widened as I lifted her in the air as if me being a head taller than her didn’t tip her off that I was stronger than her.

With a shove, I tossed her off me and onto the bed. She landed with a little bounce. Had it been a month ago or so, I might have pounced her and made her submit, or something like that. However, that was only giving her what she wanted, and I’d only be doing it to satisfy my pride and self-worth. That wasn’t the man I was anymore. I didn’t need to prove anything to them. Putting my dick away and zipping back up, I shot the other two girls a look. Sophie looked away shamefully, while Luna merely looked surprised.

I turned and walked for the door. As I opened it, Nora had finally recovered.

“You fucking pussy-tempting whore!” She snarled.

I let out a sigh, walked out the door, and shut it. I wasn’t angry at them. I was just a little sad because I knew our friendship wouldn’t survive that. I had egged the situation on, even though I should have known better. I kept making the same mistakes. This time, I would live with the consequences. I still had more maturing to do. Even so, I had come a long way. The former me wouldn’t have even acknowledged my mistake. I politely said goodbye to her parents, and then used my cellphone and called for a ride. On the way home, I didn’t say much, and thankfully Mom didn’t ask. I was thinking about everything fairly deeply.  In the back of my mind, I decided that I was done being a man in a woman’s world. It was time I brought my women into my world.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“This place is a lot busier than I expected.” I marveled.

We were at the gaming tournament, and even those the convention center was quite large, the ticket lines were crowded with people. The tournament prize had only been $500 and it was a local event, so I had the opinion that there would only be a few dozen people around, but I seemed to be wrong. More surprising though was that there were a lot of guys present. I had gotten the impression that gaming was mostly women. My involvement had been mostly diversity reasons, as it gave their team a discount.

“They announced a celebrity judge,” Avery growled. “It’s the singer from the group iRock. It’s some pretty girl from a pretty girl band. All these boys are just here to crush on her.”

“Her manizing ways might suck, but her open interest in video games does give the rest of us a chance.” Dina sighed.

“How so?” Katie frowned, not seeming to grasp what he meant.

“Well, if even a cute girl can like video games, then we don’t seem so nerdy for being gamers. Just look at all of the boys here. We might even have a chance with some of them. Would you prefer the fish fest that this event would have been without him?”

“Ah… whatever.” Avery waved her question away while muttering under her breath.

After a fair amount of waiting, we finally made it through the lines and entered the actual hall. It was noisy and I could barely hear myself think. Thankfully, the girls seemed to know where to go, and we ended up heading to a doorway to the side which was currently being blocked by a security guard lady. After checking our credentials, she let us through. As I was the last one walking in, she winked at me.

Bethany, as if having a sixth sense, suddenly turned around and grabbed my arm, pulling me to her as she frowned at the guard. The guard girl ignored her though, and we finally found ourselves in a back hallway lined with rooms. There, we were finally given a room quiet enough to be able to talk to each other. It was just a small waiting room. Avery pulled out the papers that they had handed her, going through them.

“It looks like we’re going to have three events.” She declared. “A singles event, a duos event, and then the four-woman team event.”

“We’re all going to get to participate in the singles?” Bethany asked, finally letting go of my arm now that we were out of sight of any other girls besides our teammates.

“No, because we’re registered as a team, we can only send one person for the single event, and two for the duo event. Since everyone else who isn’t in a team can only participate in the lower events, it’s how they rectify the advantage of groups.”

“Seriously? Every event has a $500 cash prize, right?” Katie asked excitedly.

Avery nodded. “Yeah, that’s the first prize. There are other prizes too, but they’re smaller.”

“Oh? What are they?” Katie asked excitedly.

“It doesn’t matter what the prize is unless we’re the ones who win. How are we deciding who participates in the first two challenges?” Dina interjected.

“Doesn’t that depend on the genre?” Bethany asked.

“They don’t tell us which game, but the first is a racing game, the duo is fighting game, and the group is first person.” Avery read off from the papers.

The girls all looked at each other.

“Noah should do the solo.”

“What?” Avery glared. “You want to give the duo to a boy?”

“Won’t he stand out then?” Dina asked. “No one else will send their boy player.”

“Isn’t it good that he stands out? No one will think he has a chance. First, they’ll think our team is weak if a boy is our best player, no offense Noah.”

“None taken,” I responded toward my sister’s apologetic look.

“Secondly, they’ll look down on her in the match, and she’ll have a real chance of being competitive. Didn’t you say racing games was your specialty?”

That was true. While I didn’t have any skill with sports games, I played a lot of racing games. Furthermore, racing didn’t change much at all between worlds. Cars were cars, after all, and so the fundamental programming didn’t differ much. The game titles hadn’t even changed for most of the games.

“They are my specialty. If it’s racing, I might have a chance to get in the top three.”

This might be a local event, but it wasn’t like I had been a competitive gamer in my old world. I wasn’t so full of myself that I thought I’d easily get first. All of my competitive racing experience came from racing people online. The girls still looked hesitant, but then Avery read off another rule.

“Oh, it looks like the person who participates in the single cannot be picked again for the duo. The group must pick two other people. Also in the name of fairness.” Avery spoke that last part sarcastically.

“In that case, yeah, it’s probably best if Noah did the solo.” Dina’s doubt quickly disappeared.

Katie nodded. “Yeah, that works.”

I blinked. “Why does the duo not allowing me in it matter?”

I glanced at Bethany, who seemed just as confused as I was.

“Well, if you were in the duo, then it’d be an issue of who would be your partner,” Dina explained.

“Wouldn’t I be Brother’s partner?” Bethany asked.

“You wouldn’t be his partner.” Avery snorted. “I would.”

“I would.” Dina had spoken at the same time.

“Why would it be one of you?” Katie cut in. “I’m the best at fighting games. It’d be me and Noah.”

“You only think you’re good at them.” Avery rolled her eyes.

“I still don’t get why my being in the duos is difficult.”

“Isn’t it because whether we fail or succeed, the comradery of that teamwork would bring the pair of us closer together, and we’d become a couple?” Katie asked, her eyes flashing with eagerness.

“I-I have a girlfriend.” I declared helpless.

“Exactly, singles it is.” Avery put her foot down.

I let out a sigh. I might have written all of that off as nonsense, but that was before I ended up sharing a sexual experience with Luna, Nora, and Sophie. It made me realize that it didn’t matter what girl I hung out with, they all had at least some desire to fuck me. They might not ever act on it, but my body certainly filled someplace in their sexual fantasies. That’s why I could never go partway again unless I meant it. If I gave them an inch, they’d take all seven inches, so to speak.

As for the three former friends, I had casually let Mackenzie and the twins know to lowkey threaten them. I hated bullying them, but I also knew their type. At least one of them would get vindictive and start going around telling people how I was a slut. They would keep their mouths shut now. I depended on my sisters to help clean up that mess. If I went to Samantha or Abigail, it might have turned to fighting. My sisters were a bit less jealous and a bit more tuned to my behavior. In this world, it was fine if I leaned on my sisters, just like a sister would depend on her brothers.

The girls debated a bit on who would be in the duo, but it was finally decided that Bethany and Avery would be the key players. Being the team leader, Avery insisted that she be in that match. As for my sister, I might have batted an eyelash at Avery in Bethany’s favor. We might have had a sordid history, but Avery still had a weakness for boys that hadn’t gone away. I would never consider Avery a girlfriend after what happened between her and my little sister, but I wouldn’t be against using her as a booty call when none of the other girls were available.

We seemed to be able to just have enough time to finish the selections when there was a light knock on the door. “Singles up!”

Avery handed out the selection, and then I left the room. The girls wished me their luck, and I followed the assistant while they left back out to the crowds where they’d be able to watch. We were brought out onto a large stage with tables and systems set up. I was a bit relieved to see the games were going to be played on a familiar system. If I was going to have to use a keyboard and mouse, I wasn’t going to be as confident.

A group of nearly one hundred contestants came out. This group was larger because it didn’t just include a single person from each team, but countless people who had come just to play the singles. By the way, since someone who was in the singles couldn’t play a double, there were no couple’s groups in the singles. This was ultimately the way they sorted all of this out.

My chair had an assigned number on it, and a little card with my team’s name, Quarters in the Coinslot, written on it. After finding my place, I took a better look at all of the others I was playing against. As Avery had predicted, the vast majority of them were women. Some of those women even gave me what I could only describe as flirtatious looks or winks. That’s when a familiar voice spoke from behind.

“It looks like the token boy has been let out of his cage.”

I glanced at the only other boy on this stage. He was the gay guy I had met before, the one who had tried to recruit me into the Pocket Rockets. Of course, since he was in an all-boy team, there would naturally be a boy in their finals. I still couldn’t help but feel annoyed that I would have to verse him.

“You’re in this one as well?” I tried to keep the angst out of my voice.

“I had to wonder what a cute boy like you was doing in this competition, now I know.” he glanced to the side.

I followed her to another smaller stage that had been set up. This was a judging table. They had both computer screens that could flip through our feeds, but also the direct line of the video being broadcast over the screen. There was a girl behind it with big boobs and skin-tight clothing. I had to admit, she was pretty hot. Standing around her judge stand was a noticeable group of guys. It was obvious they were separate from the group here to see the competition because they were all facing the judging table, looking up with awe or jumping and screaming. The security had created a circuit around the judging table and was seemingly just keeping back a flood of people.

This celebrity who I didn’t recognize should have had her stuff to worry about, but as if she could feel me looking, she suddenly looked across the room and our eyes met. She gave a smile, and it was a bit shocking. I quickly looked away, my face feeling a bit hot. This wasn’t me acting girly. Had any hot female celebrity suddenly looked at me, I would have been embarrassed. There was a distinct difference between dealing with the hottest girls in my school or dealing with the hottest girls in the country.

My reaction seemed to be exactly what the leader of the Pocket Rockets expected. He rolled his eyes, making a loud snort in the process. When I glanced back at him, he was already walking to his seat. Everyone finished finding their places, and then an announcer appeared on our stage with a microphone in hand.

“There will be five races in all. You will randomly be placed in a match with 15 of your contestants on each round. Places one through ten will receive a proportionate amount of points. Whoever has the most points at the end of five rounds will be the winner.”

This match sounded a bit like how Peach Kart worked, and when they pulled out the game, I saw it was even one I was familiar with. I took a breath. I could do this. I could win!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With my game face on, the first match started. I don’t think that the competition could have picked a better game. I was familiar with this one. It wasn’t just a game that Dawn had and I had played with her many times, but it was also a game that I had in my previous world. I had played online competitively many times, and so as soon as I saw the familiar map, I took off. I ended up making 2 nd on the first run. This was only because of the person who had beaten me one by a fraction of a second.

When the points were all factored in, I was already in the top ten, tied for second with several other players. I could hear Bethany, Avery, and the rest of the girls screaming out excitedly, and I grew encouraged that I could do this. The second round started, and this time we were on one of my favorite tracks. My favorite track from a familiar game was in the bag. I ended up scoring 1 st .

My name ended up flying up to 1 st place spot, tied with one other person. As people figured out who was tied for first place, the realization it was a boy quickly caused the crowds to become extremely vocal. There were too many voices to pick out any specific person, but I was pretty sure it was shock and surprise that a boy was winning. I received a glare from some really fat girl who was covered in acne. I realized she was in third place. The one I was tied with was a more regular-looking girl. As for the Pocket Rocket boy, he was in 10 th place.

I didn’t have much more time than that, as the third match had already begun. The crowds quieted a bit more on this round, trying not to distract the gamers as they performed their respective matches. Since every match involved a random assortment of those we were racing against, every match could potentially be against the strongest players or the weakest players.

Damn it! I missed a hidden path. It would have given me a better time. It was fine. I still had done well in the first two rounds, so even if my score wasn’t as good, I still had a chance. I could still aim for the top three. That’s why I was shocked when I crossed the finish line and still ended up in first. My team went wild, and in fact, it was much more than my team. After winning in the top two the last three games, I had gotten the interest of many women in the audience, and they all started cheering me too.

It felt good to have so many people cheering me on, even though most of them didn’t know my name, but I still had an uneasy feeling. My time was worse on that third one than even on the one where I was second place, yet I had gotten first? Was I just lucky that I had gotten an easy match? I eventually just shrugged and accepted my good fortune. When I looked at the judge table, the celebrity was watching me with quite a bit of interest. It was at the level that I was receiving jealous looks from the fanatics around her table.

I was still tied in 1 st with that girl, so I hadn’t won anything yet. The fourth match began, and I put my head back into the game. When I saw the map on my fourth game, I felt a bit disheartened. This map was always the map I struggled with the most. I had started well, but I didn’t feel as optimistic about this one. I still had to give it my all. It was inevitable that every map wasn’t going to be my favorite. In the end, I felt I raced as well as I could, but as I pulled in I was expecting third or fourth.

1 st place! The crowds broke into a roar. I looked up at the board to see that my name was now in 1 st , and the girl who had originally been in 1 st had slipped to second. I also noticed that the other boy from Pocket Rockets had also managed to get up to 5 th place.

I didn’t want to admit it, but since her screen was facing me, I had glanced at it. She had crashed out directly in that last match. She shouldn’t have been able to pull any better than the tenth place, and there was no way that she would have been in the top five. At that point, I eyed some of the people moving around behind the scenes. That had thrown me and the other boy a couple of looks. Were they deliberately putting us in an easier match? Were we not versing the girls?

Before I could dwell on it, the countdown for the final match was on. Although this was the final match that would have given me the first place, and everyone quieted down as they waited to see who the final victor would be, my heart wasn’t calm at all. It wasn’t because I was nervous either. It was true that a single wipeout would cause me to fall from my place at the top, and I should be nervous as hell, but I was mostly confused.

The match started, and I continued to drive. However, half of my brain was thinking about whether I was being given an easier match. Should I do my best and win the series? Would that be fair to that girl who was racing so well? I could just cause myself to crash right that moment. If I crashed, then one of two things would happen. Either, I’d fall in place properly, or the system would still give me 1 st place, making the cheating obvious.

If I did it, and the first happened, then I’d be throwing away not just 1 st place, but $500. I’d never know if they had cheated or not. I’d only be left with my suspicions. If the second happened, I’d be creating a lot of unnecessary trouble. Likely, all of that goodwill I had gained with the cheering crowd would dissipate. I knew this because I was seeing it from the other side. Had I been a guy in that audience, and some girl got on stage and kept getting first despite obvious mistakes, I would call her a cheater and a skank. I would assume she banged all of the judges to get her place, and she should suffer.

Even if the girl denied knowing it, and deliberately exposed it herself, I probably wouldn’t care. I’d still call her a cheater and a whore. That’s just the way riled-up gamers acted. When they loved you, they loved you, and when they felt betrayed, that love turned to hate a hundred times over.

Furthermore, I didn’t just have myself to worry about. There was the entire team I had come with. If these issues happened here, I might not be allowed to compete in the group competition, and then they would be short a player. They’d also have the reputation of a cheater to contend with. The girls would have to fast the rage of their peers. I couldn’t put my little sister through that. I had come to help her out, and that would only be causing her trouble.

The match ended, and 2 nd place appeared on my screen. I had only been half paying attention, so my driving wasn’t at its best. Yet, I also hadn’t thrown the game off deliberately either. With two second places and three 1 st places, I ended up with the highest points. The ordinary-looking girl who should have one got three second places and two 1 st places, so it had been very close. The other boy from the Pocket Rockets had somehow scraped by in 3 rd place.

The crowds went wild, and my teammates were jumping up and down excitedly. The announcer stood up and read off the top three who would all get prizes. The announcer made a point of stating that two boys had won this year and that it looked like it was the year of the gamer boy.

I stood up, and with a heavy face, I gave the crowd a respectful nod and joined the other contestants backstage. Someone came and specifically fetched the three winners and took us to another waiting room. This one was a bit fancier than the one our team was given, and it also had a snack table. The girl immediately ran to it, while the boy leaned back against the wall with his arms crossed, a condescending look on his face.

“You did alright.” He declared to me. “I almost beat you.”

I gave him a side-look. “Didn’t you feel like something was off?”

“What’s that supposed to mean?” he asked.

Our words seemed to catch the place of the girl too, who had tilted her head toward us even while still filling her plate.

“I don’t know how they were matching us up, but our matches were easier than everyone else’s. I think the first game was the only real one. After that, they paired us up with the worst of each match, so we only ever competed against the worst performing players.”

That was what I had ultimately predicted. It was the only way they could have done it without getting caught. We were still versing different players, but it was always the worse players of any match, so as long as we were even a little above average, we’d perform well.

“They helped us win?” The girl asked.

“No, not you… you should have been in the first place. They gave us boys a handicap.”

“Maybe they gave you a handicap, but I earned my score.” The boy responded snobbishly.

The girl only looked more confused, so I gave a sigh and stopped arguing my point. If I had wanted to out them, I had wasted the moment.

A man in a nice suit walked into the room. He gave the three of us smiles. The ordinary girl blushed under his look, while the boy from Pocket Rocket seemed to be checking him out.

“You are the top three of the individual matches. Two of you are in teams, while one of you registered solo.” he nodded at the girl, causing her to blush even more shyly. “I have your reward checks here.”

“There is no reward ceremony?” The girl asked in surprise.

“We found in a survey last year that most people didn’t want one. Since the winners were already known right away, they preferred to just get their prize and go.” He spoke as he handed each of us our cards.

“A $10 check? That’s it?” the boy had opened his envelope right away, and immediately gave a look of distaste.

“1 st place is $500, 2 nd is $100, and $10 for the 3 rd .” He explained.

“Well, whatever. At least no one can say I’m not a gamer.” She said, pulling out the certificate, which was just printed out on normal printer paper.

The tournament might have been bigger than I guessed, but their budget certainly matched my expectations. With a sigh, I took my $500 check and turned away. The first two contestants walked out, but as I was about to leave, the man cleared his throat, causing me to look back at him.

“Yes?”

“As the first-place contestant, you also have an additional award.”

“Oh?” I blinked and then nodded. “Okay. What is it?”

“I’ll show you.” The man seemed to give a mysterious smile as he turned and lead me out of this room.

I didn’t have to go far though until I was put into yet another room. This looked to be a changing room as well, but its size and quality exceeded the other rooms I had been inside by many times. The door closed, and I realized the man had left me there without saying what my award was. I was just about to open the door and see if I could catch him when I heard another door open. I looked up, only to see the judge from earlier, the so-called celebrity, walk in with a smile.

“Oh, hi?” I asked awkwardly.

Why did I have a feeling that I knew what my award was going to be?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“I noticed you during the competition.” The woman gave a smile as she took a chair in front of a vanity mirror. “You did very well for yourself.”

“I suppose so,” I responded, feeling a bit awkward.

“Please, sit down, would you like anything?” She asked, gesturing to a coach in the corner.

The couch was made out of black leather. Why did it feel vaguely familiar to a certain couch I had seen countless girls play on in my old world? That had to be my imagination though. This wasn’t some porn star, but a celebrity. I forced myself to sit anyway.

“No thanks. What is this additional award I’m supposed to receive?”

She gave a smile, raising an eyebrow. “Isn’t meeting a celebrity like me in private already a reward? It really is fine. You don’t have to hold back.”

It seemed she was used to men drooling all over her. She had thought that once I was alone in private with her, I would act just like those other boys who drooled over her and acted all excited by her mere presence. Maybe, if I was a fan of hers, this situation would be different. However, in this world where everything was flipped, I didn’t necessarily know all of the new celebrities. The big names were the same, although the women had become action stars and the men had become sex objects. However, when it came to the low-tier celebrities who might never have had a chance because they weren’t quite hot enough, the men had fallen into obscurity and the women had gained a footing.

As it turned out, this was just not a celebrity I had ever recognized. Since I didn’t have any impression of her, she was just another pretty girl to me, which was something I wasn’t lacking in. Seeing me return a somewhat flat stare, her smile flickered slightly.

“Well, it’s still written into my contract, so let’s hang out for a bit, shall we?” She tried to recover her wounded pride. “I’m a big fan of video games, so I’m always excited to meet gamer boys like you. I know that there is a negative stereotype on gaming that it’s a girl’s world, but with the held of people like you, I think we can get rid of those stereotypes.”

“What’s your favorite game?” I asked.

“Oh… I like all kinds of games.” She responded with a laugh. “I’m really into the um… racer ones.”

“Oh? Do you prefer an arcade racer or a realistic racer?”

“A what? Um… realistic, naturally.” She smiled.

“What’s your favorite game?”

“Why… it’s the one you were just playing?” She responded quickly.

“That was an arcade racer through…” I couldn’t help but let out a sigh.

Perhaps she was able to get away with it in this world, but in my world, fake gamer girls were a very real thing. Of course, in this world, it’d be fake gamer boys. No one ever really focused on the phonies of the opposite sex. This celebrity didn’t game at all. However, she needed some kind of market and a demographic to cater to, and somehow, it had ended up being gaming. I had thought like everyone else that she was actually into gaming, but it turned out it was just a matter of an illusion.

How many girls dreamed of being a gamer who men chased after just like this girl? She was selling them on a lie. I might not have cared about it. I might have even expected it. However, some of my sisters were gamer girls, and they looked up to this woman who was nothing more than a phony, so it put a bad taste in my mouth.

“Yeah, that’s what I meant.” She tried to quickly cover up her mistake. “I’m not as good at racers as you, though. You were crazy good.”

“I’m not so sure about that.” I thought back to the shady way that I won.

“What do you mean by that?” She asked.

I shook my head. “Nothing. I was just thinking out loud.”

“Oh… well, have you heard any of my songs?”

“No.”

“Geh… well, anyway, I’ve come up with a song. Would you like to hear it?”

I glanced over at the door, and then back at the girl looking at me expectantly. I just wanted to return to my team. I wanted to voice my concerns about the game, I wanted to watch my sister and Avery compete in the duo, and I wanted to get ready for the group match. She had dragged me in here to live out some kind of weird fantasy. I had no clue, but I didn’t want to be a part of it. Yet, if I just stormed out, I felt like that might cause even more trouble.

“Alright, sure.”

Her smile grew, and then she got up and pulled a guitar she seemed to have to wait by her vanity. She sat back down and put the guitar on her lap. She then strummed a few cords, looked my way, and then started playing a song. I could tell immediately that it was a love song. It was very sappy, and she kept saying “boy” over and over again. The lyrics were something like “Boy, you mean the world to me boy, you’re like the moon to be, boy. Boy, won’t you be mine”, or something like that. I only half paid attention.

When she finished, her eyes were closed and she left the last note ringing through the air. She then opened her eyes, raising an eyebrow at me.

“What do you think?”

“A little repetitive?”

There were only three sentences that just got repeated ten times. The fact I couldn’t remember exactly what they were showed how forgettable the song was.

“Repetitive?” Her face flickered for a second, but then she smiled again. “Thanks, I will take your words into advisement. Would you mind if I named this song after you? You’re Noah, right? That has a nice ring to it.”

“I guess that’s fine,” I responded tightly.

She was good at what she was doing. Just taking the situation and flipping places, what girl wouldn’t swoon over having a member of a boy band play for her and then name the song after her. Had I been a thirteen-year-old girl… or a guy a boy from this world, then it would have been extremely effective.

She put her guitar back up, but when she sat down again, she sat right next to me. Her arm came around the back of the couch, not quite touching me, but boxing me in and closing the distance.

“I don’t say this to any of my other fans, but you’re really cute.” She declared. “Ever since I saw you, I knew that I wanted to meet you.”

Bullshit! Everything she was doing had a rehearsed feel to it. I had a feeling she had done this to dozens of her fans! All of her actions were suspicious.

“Really…” I didn’t speak nervously but in complete disbelief.

“I have a confession to make.” She seemed to ignore the tone of my voice. “I arranged this meeting deliberately. This wasn’t one of the awards, but something that I arranged on my own. When I saw you on that stage, my heart started to bleed. I yearned for you.”

As she spoke, she leaned into me, and I had no choice but to start leaning away. “Yearned?”

“Yes. You’re so cute and funny. What’s not to like? Would you like to be my boyfriend?”

“Your boyfriend?” I repeated, trying to figure out if I should laugh or cry.

She stopped leaning for a second, biting her lip. “It’s a shame it will only be while I’m here. You know I’ll be back on the road soon. I have my new single out, and the life of a musician is always busy. My manager won’t let me have a permanent boyfriend. I had too many fans, and if they found out we were dating, it would be dangerous for you. That’s why our relationship has to be secret.”

“A secret boyfriend?” My voice was only becoming more incredulous.

“I know it’s not ideal, but it’s the only way I can keep you safe. This will just have to be our little secret.” She put her finger on her lips seductively as if to punctuate that point.

“What do you mean?” I frowned.

“I want to consummate my love with you,” She declared. “I want to show you that my feelings are true. I’m a virgin, and since you are too, then when we unite, we know it’ll just be the two of us.”

“Um… I’m not a virgin.” I declared.

She stopped for a second, blinking, but then she shook her head. “You’re a gamer boy. Of course, you’re a virgin.”

“What does that have to do with virginity?” I was now basically lying on the couch as she kept leaning more and more toward me.

On that note, I was almost certain this skank was no virgin either. She had probably done it with just about every guy as she rose to the top. She gave me that kind of impression.

“You don’t need to hide it from me.” A perverted look started to show on her face, which was probably her true character finally breaking through. “I’ll make you feel real good.”

She pushed her lips together and finally lunged for me. I lifted a hand and caught her face, her lips pressing against my palm. If this had been me from only a short few weeks ago, I probably would have gone for it. It would have been free sex, and she was a celebrity too. I would have been happy to have fun with her. I had banged a random stranger and kept their money, so why couldn’t such a scene be just as fun.

However, that was the old me. That was the me who was just living in the now. I was acting selfishly and alone as if there were no consequences and no one else in my life mattered. I was trying to be better now. It didn’t always work. Sometimes, something happened like with those friends of mine. I ended up embarrassing myself or others. I was only sixteen though, and it had only been a few months since I had been in this world. I still had a lot of growing to do, but I at least had a path, and I recognized that this wasn’t the path I wanted to take.

A playgirl like her probably was filled with STDs. After we were done, she’d lead me on or try to do the heartbreaker routine. My darker self would imagine that I would break her, turning her into a cock loving slut. Yet, what if I succeeded? What would that accomplish? I’d just be fucking with the feelings of a girl that I didn’t have any feelings for, and who I was sure didn’t have any feelings for me. I pushed back with my hand, trying to regain the lost ground I had given.

“What’s the problem?” She asked, her mouth partially muffled by my palm still in her face.

“I have a girlfriend,” I responded simply. “I’m not interested.”

Her eyes flashed. “What? Not interested? Of course, you’re interested. Why wouldn’t you be interested?”

I let out another sigh, knowing where this was going to go. She was going to get all butthurt over the rejection. She was going to get angry and pushier, and it was going to turn into a thing just like with Nora and the girls.

“I’m gay.”

She blinked. “What?”

“I’m into men. I’m a gay man.” I declared.

She sat back, and I quickly stood up, straightening myself out. “You’re gay?”

“Yup!” I declared. “No fixing it now.”

I turned and walked to the door.

“Damn it. I should have known it. All the fucking gamer boys are cocksuckers!” She snapped.

I stopped with my hand on the doorknob. “Tell me… were my matches fixed so that I could win?”

She looked up at me in surprise, and then she chuckled. “They always give the boys a handicap. If they didn’t, then they wouldn’t be able to get any to arrive. It’s a fucking shame all they attract are butt pirates.”

I left with that last attack, heading back to my team. It may seem like I was running away, but to me, it took a real man to accept insults without retaliation. I had nothing to prove to her, and engaging with her gave me no reward. I may have had a handicap on the single’s game, but in the group game, it’d be impossible to cheat in that way. It was time to win properly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“You know, forth place wasn’t bad.”

I had managed to just make the end of the duo’s competition. Avery and my sister had failed to make the top three, but they came in fourth place. Bethany was a bit depressed, so I was trying to cheer her up.

“That bastard was using a cheat combo. They should have outlawed that shit.” Avery declared. “It wasn’t your fault.”

There turned out to be very few boys in the duos. On most teams that had a boy, he was just a token presence. Since teams were made up of five, and the people who were in duos couldn’t be in singles and vice versa, the boy was mostly made to wait until the final match while the three best girls took their turns. Other than for that one all-boy team, we were the only other one that broke that mold.

I had wanted to know if the boys who fought in the duo won one of the top three spots, but it turned out they lost miserably. Was it because they were ugly and that celebrity cunt didn’t want to hit on them? Maybe it was because this match was fighter games, and they instinctively felt that boys shouldn’t be good at such a game. It was also possible that I had imagined the fixed match from the beginning.

When I had pressed the celebrity girl earlier, she had a look on her face like she didn’t know what I was talking about. She had claimed the boys got a handicap, but that might have just been a means to get back at me at the moment. It hadn’t given me the confirmation I was looking for. I lifted my phone and sent out a text. However, as I returned to the main screen, I saw a message had been left. My heart surged for a moment, and I remained frozen as I stared at it. I had been waiting for this message for weeks, and it arrived finally? Should I open it?

“Brother?” Bethany touched my arm, seeming to notice I had gone silent.

“We lost one competition and won another. You can still be the MVPs of this tournament.” I declared, putting the phone away and smiling at my teammates. “And even if we fail, I’ll take you all out for dinner, on me.”

I had been trying to be encouraging, but the girls suddenly turned shy on me. Each of the girls blushed. Dina cleaned her glasses while Katie looked down nervously. Avery turned her head to the side, her lips pursed.

“As if I’d let a boy pay. What kind of woman do you take me for?”

“A cheap woman?” Dina declared.

“Oi!”

The other girls let out giggles, and I chuckled as well before saying. “I just wanted to let you guys know that whatever happens, I’m happy we were on a team together. Thanks for inviting me.”

The girls suddenly grew shy again.

“Jeese, just like a boy to get all emotional.” Avery scratched the back of her neck.

“What did you say?” I frowned.

“Brother is just a boy, after all.”

“Do you want to fight? I’ll take you all on!” I growled at them.

The girls broke into laughter again as I glared at them.

“Alright, alright… your very scary.” Avery lifted his hand defensively. “Let’s talk strategy before the game.”

We put our game faces on and started to discuss what was important. Avery was a surprisingly good leader. She had read a book on running gaming teams and was able to direct us properly. It was mostly a discussion of what strategy we were going to use and the various contingency plans if this happened or that. We knew which game we’d be playing at this point, so we made sure to prepare our best strategy. It at least had been a game we had all practiced with, so I felt confident we could do well.

“That should cover just about everything.” Dina, the expert on this came and our strategist finished her explanation.

“Great. If we win top three… I’ll be the one taking you out.” Avery declared, looking at me.

“Uh… you mean taking us all out as a team, right?” Katie cut in.

“Eh? I’m not paying for women?”

“She is a cheap bastard!” Bethany snapped.

“Girls, there is one more thing…” I hesitated for a moment, suddenly doubting whether I should say anything.

“What is it?” Bethany turned to me, their growing spat being interrupted.

I had been thinking about it since we had started discussing the next match, and I wasn’t sure if I should tell them or not. I was afraid that this would only cause future issues. I knew that there was still a bit of prejudice in gaming, and if they even suspected that some cheating was going on, it might create problems, the kind of problems that could get us completely kicked out. After a moment of thought, I decided to continue.

“Just… watch out for the Pocket Rockets, okay?”

“Pocket Rockets? The boy’s team?” Katie gave a bewildered look.

“They aren’t much of a threat,” Avery responded. “That one leader might have a little skill to get third place, but didn’t you beat him? Besides, the other two boys in the duo played awful. They weren’t even in the top ten. I don’t mean to be offensive, but they aren’t that impressive.”

I clenched my teeth for a moment but decided since I already warned them, I might as well tell them all of it. “In the first game, it might not be a coincidence that the only two boy players won.”

“What?” Dina frowned while Avery straightened her slouching posture.

“Brother? What are you saying?” Bethany asked for clarification.

“I’m not certain, but I think the gamers rigged it so boys had an advantage.”

All of the girls put on looks of shock, but that quickly turned to anger.

“Those fucking sluts! I bet that blue-haired cock was licking pussy all night to get them to do that!” Avery snarled before I gave her a sharp look. “Ah… not you though…”

As they realized that the person who had benefitted most from this cheating policy was their team, the steam quickly was released from their anger. Their expressions fell into ones of deep thought, and a few even looked a bit guilty.

“I don’t think the boys know about it,” I responded. “And I don’t know if they only did it for the one tournament or if they’d do it for the others too. Hell, I don’t even know if they did it that time. I’m just saying something felt off about it when I was playing. That’s why I wanted to give you all a heads up before we began. It’d be best to avoid the girl’s team completely. If they have some advantage, like slightly higher health or deal more damage, then they’d be dangerous to pick on. We’d only be handing them points.”

“Right, well, we’ll just be careful then.” Avery, who had been the angriest to hear it, swallowed her anger and nodded to the group.

At that moment, there was a knock on the door. “The groups will be starting. Please head backstage.”

The five of us nervously shared a few looks, and then opened the door and headed out. We had already been through this twice. The only difference this time was that we came out onto the stage as a group. We got our table where five displays with five keyboards and mouses set in a circle. There was such a table for each team, and they filled up the stage until it was rather crowded. When our team was called, I instinctively looked toward the judging panel.

The guest judge was there, staring in my direction with a glower. In the past, she had been catering to her small crowd of fans, throwing them flirtatious looks and occasionally signing something for them, but now, even though the guys were as excitable as ever, she completely ignored them. To the other judges, it looked like she was taking her job seriously, so they only nodded. I had another feeling about it.

“Did something happen between you and her?” Bethany whispered as quietly as she could to still be heard over the screaming crowds.

“I’ll tell you about it later,” I replied.

Although I had told them about the cheating because it was relevant, I feared telling them that women’s connection to it would only be a distraction. We came to win.

“The match will take place in a massive multiplayer group battle royale.” The announcer spoke up. “Every team will be on the map. The map will shrink after every 90 seconds. Killing enemy nets you one point, and dying causes you to lose a point. Find your weapons and whichever team has the most points by the end of the match wins.”

The game opened into the lobby and we were able to pick our characters. I put on my headphones and started getting to work. I was given a male avatar, although he was in nothing but a mankini. I wished that I could just pick a female character instead, but it appeared they were preselected. Well, that was a joke, because I’m sure someone selected this avatar specifically for me. Was it that perverted celebrity?

I didn’t have any time to dwell on it, as the game loaded up shortly after. We landed as a group. We chose a busy location, and immediately scrambled to find weapons. I usually preferred to land outside the dense locations. Weapons took longer to find, but it also wasn’t a mess of death and danger. However, in this game that depended on points, every moment counted.

I had only managed to find a single pistol when I started hearing gunfire nearby. I could see one of my teammates was getting hit, so I converged on their position. On the way, I found a chest and seeing that they were no longer in danger, I opened it, awarding myself with a machine gun instead. It was then that I ran into my first enemy. I started taking them down, but a second popped up at the same time. I cursed my luck, but just as I was getting cornered, Bethany and Katie showed up. I was knocked down, but they were able to revive me after the other two were knocked out.

It wasn’t all success. Dina and Avery both ended up getting killed before they could reform with us. After they respawned and we all met up, we then ended up in a battle five on five against another team. Three of us fell in the fight before they were knocked out. By the time we left the city, our score was only three.

At first, we worked on getting better weapons and moving toward a more strategic spot. Dina had been familiar with the map, so we not only knew where to go, but what strategies to use to maximize our points. The game only took fifteen minutes, so it wasn’t long until we had to abandon that spot and move to one closer in. We weren’t lucky enough to have a spot that was where the map was closing in.

I tried not to pay too much attention to the clock, but I could see the points rising on the other teams. We hovering around third place. I could see the all-boys team was just behind us. We hadn’t encountered them directly, but that didn’t mean the other teams didn’t go to them. The girls probably thought that they were easy meat, so they gravitated toward them. This had the unexpected consequence of giving them more chances to get kills of their own.

At that moment, my screen suddenly flashed strangely, and I saw characters through the walls that were my enemies. I so was confused by the scene that I didn’t even defend as someone rounded a corner and killed me. I heard angry muttering, and before I could respawn, the screen fell back into the lobby.

{You have been kicked for cheating.}

Wait, what?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The screen that showed the characters inexplicably appear on my screen before I was kicked for cheating wasn’t only on my display. The judges were able to see such a screen, and the display monitors all over the place showed a variety of people, including myself. These screens were out of the player’s sight for obvious reasons, but given the sudden rise in murmuring, I was pretty sure my screen was now being shown on several of them.

“He was cheating?”

“I knew it! How else would a guy when a video game competition without cheating?”

“What a cunt!”

“Fucking cheater.”

The crowds started out confused, but the noises and rumbling grew and soon open hostility appeared. The buzzing grew to the point where the people who were playing, including the rest of my team, were starting to notice something was up.

“Noah, where did you go?”

“I can’t find you either.”

“What is everyone going on about? So noisy…”

I was speechless as I stared at the cheating screen. Just what was going on? That’s when a thought hit me, and I looked up at the celebrity. She was glowering at me, but the smallest glint of a smile formed on her lips. It was her? It had to be. Just before the match, she must have loaded my terminal with some kind of cheating software. She intended it to go off in the middle of the match so that I was striped of my win and punished for not putting out for her.

I started to grow just as angry as the people shouting in the crowds. As I went to stand up, I realized there were already three security women standing around me. One of the judges had stepped down and pushed through the crowd, getting up onto the platform. As the unrest continued, the game was forced to pause. Immediately, all of the gamers who had been deep in concentration let out cries of anger at their focus being interrupted.

“I apologize, but we have a bit of a delimma.” The judge who was walking up the stage declared as he approached my table. “The Quarter in the Coinslots has been disqualified from this competition.”

“What?” Avery cried out. “What did we do?”

“One of your players is cheating during gameplay.”

“Huh? Who’s cheating?” Bethany demanded, looking at each of us.

When her eyes met mine, I opened my mouth, but all I could do was shake my head.

The judge walked strait up to my desk and then looked under it. After a few moment, she rose back up, and in her hand was a fluffy pink USB drive with some kind of cute animal on it. She raised an eyebrow and looked down at me.

“That’s not mine.”

“Noah cheated?” Dina spoke in disbelief.

“No!” I cried out, shaking my head. “I did not cheat. That hack came up the same time as I was banned. I didn’t use it at all.”

“You only tried to use it.” The judge declared. “I’m sorry, but this is a serious offense. We can not allow your team to compete in the competition. Furthermore, we will need to take away your previous win.”

“Did you cheat, Noah?” Bethany looked at me, her eyes looking confused and hurt.

“I did not cheat!” I raised my voice. “Someone else put that in there.”

My words were heard by everyone, and the crowds burst out into accusations and boos. It was one thing cheating, and another refusing to admit it.

“Someone else put a pink USB drive in the computer?” This came from the celebrity judge, who had a knowing smirk on her face.

I wanted to shout that she knew damn well that it was herself who had done it, but if I dared utter those words, I’d bring the ire of her fanbase who were still hovered around her. They were already shooting me hateful glares. Rather than supporting their fellow man, they seemed content throwing me under the bus. They must have been angry and jealous I got to meet with their beloved backstage. If I attacked her, I’d be only asking for death.

“Come on, I don’t have a pink USB.” I declared incredulously, looking around at everyone else.

Most of them gave me dubious looks. Who else would have such a boy-like USB other than a boy? Bethany was the first to give a nod.

“He’s right. That’s not Noah’s type of thing at all!” Bethany declared. “He didn’t cheat.”

“I’ve lost to him plenty of times,” Katie added. “He’s good enough he doesn’t need to cheat.”

Avery looked at the other two girls, and then over at me. She gave a nod and crossed her arms.

“She didn’t cheat.”

“As if anyone would believe you girls. Aren’t you the ones using a token boy? Your team would only benefit from them cheating!” Someone from the crowd shouted, which only set off a barrage of shouts and screams.

Some of the security was moving to the edge of the stage, scared the crowds of watching gamers might suddenly climb up and storm it. Whether they were boys or girls, no one could handle the might of a group of gamers who felt wronged. The judge who was on the stage raised their hand, causing the rest of the crowd to quiet a bit.

“We have the evidence here. No matter what you say, we’d need proof of innocence.”

“What happened to innocent before proven guilty!” Avery cried out.

“Such a thing doesn’t exist in a tournament.” She responded coldly.

“How could he have even brought such a thing?” Dina asked, adjusting her glasses. “We didn’t even know what game was being played until an hour ago, and we have been in the back rooms this entire time. He couldn’t have plugged the USB drive in earlier, as we didn’t know what table we’d be placed at. It seems highly suspicious that any of us would have been able to sneak a USB drive that was able to automatically load the appropriate program without knowing which game and how and where it was installed on the computer, let alone manage to plug it into the back of the computer and under the table without being seen by anyone here, including your security.”

I let out a breath of relief. Dina’s analytical thinking could be applied to other things. In the heat of the moment, no one was thinking about it, but it didn’t make any sense. Her words caused the angry muttering in the crowds to become more introspective. It was suspicious.

I felt a warm feeling as my teammates stood up and protected me. These were people who trusted me and I trusted back. I realized that these were the kind of relationships I should be cherishing. In the past, I’d always form my friendships based on what seemed a low risk. I was friends with people because it was easy and I didn’t feel much if things turned south. It had started after my friendship with Samantha fell apart. I became so scared of having good friends, that most of my interactions had been shallow and skin deep.

Nora, Sophie, and Luna had been exactly that kind of friendship. I hung out with them because I knew they were losers, and thus I felt no stress. No risk; no loss. That was also why the relationship fell apart so spectacularly, and I didn’t even care that much. True friendship, people who truly cared for me, were like these girls right here. These were people that stood up for me even when the world was against me.

“Excuse me.” Someone on the stage stood up, and it was none other than the guy leader from Pocket Rockets. “I have something to say.”

His presence was surprisingly enough that the crowds quieted down a bit. I cringed on the inside. We were enemies, so was he going to use this moment to attack me as well? The judge hesitated for a second and then nodded.

“You’ve been able to see his monitor and the progress of the game this whole time. There would have been no way that he could cheat and not be seen. It sounds to me like that cheat only appeared for a moment before he was banned from the game. Since this was the case, whether the USB was plugged in by him or planted shouldn’t matter. No cheating had occurred to affect the match, and now that the program has been removed. I believe we should just continue the match as if nothing happened. They can play the rest of the game fairly, and if everyone else on stage agrees, then the match can continue as normal.”

I was completely shocked. I had thought that this guy of all people would turn on me like the other guys, but he had defended me. I saw him glance at me, and give a nod. He did have my back just like my team.

His words seemed to resonant with the judge. However, as he went to speak, a voice shouted out.

“It was me!” A voice caused everyone to turn to the judge’s table.

The one who had cried out was none other than the celebrity judge from earlier. The boys in the room couldn’t help but gasp.

“You plugged in the cheat USB?” The other judge asked in surprise.

The celebrity judge let out a sigh. “Not at all. However, after I handed out the first award, this contestant stayed behind. I had my laptop there with wifi access, and he asked me to use it. I thought he was a fan, so I let him use my laptop, and even left to get him a shirt that I signed. Alas, when I returned, I saw him pulling something out of my laptop. I believe it was that USB stick!”

“That cheater!”

“To use her hospitality like that.”

“That’s a lie!” I cried out before I could stop myself.

Instantly, the fanbase screamed anger, vitriol, and death threats my way, much louder than the previous group. It was all lies though. I was speechless. This person would go to such an effort to screw with me, just because I wouldn’t flick her bean?

“How does that explain him plugging the USB in secretly?” Dina demanded.

“I don’t know… maybe he’s a guy who’s good with his hands.” The judge responded, an insolent grin on her face.

The crowd exploded. That was pretty much saying I was a slut.

Bethany tried to stand up, but a larger security woman stood in her way. “Say that again, fucker!”

“You asshole!” Avery seemed just as angry.

Their insults only fueled the fire of the fans, who grew furious that anyone would threaten or insult their princess. They looked ready to flood the stage. The security guards were looking to the judge desperately.

“Enough!” The judge shouted. “I’ve heard enough! To maintain the sanctity of the tournament, they will not be able to participate. Without any evidence to the contrary, Quarter in the Coinslot will be hear by-”

“So, as I understand it, you’re looking for evidence?” A voice cut into the judge’s words.

She shot an annoyed look as a woman stepped up to the front, but was blocked by the security guards. She lifted a pass that gave her permission to go on stage, but they still looked back at the judge before she gave a reluctant nod.

“Sister!” Bethany cried out.

“Dawn…” My heart swelled a moment with hope.

“This better be worth my time.” The judge declared.

“Oh, it should be.” Dawn smiled as she walked up to my computer.

At this point, my game had completely kicked me out of the match and I was in the lobby. She went to the computer and closed out the game with a few button clicks. There was some muttering.

“Who is this?” The celebrity judge demanded.

“I’m Noah’s sister,” Dawn responded.

“A sister?” She sneered. “Trying to protect your little brother, huh?”

“Always,” Dawn responded. “And I’m also the photographer of this event. Nothing passes my eye.”

She stiffened. “What does that mean?”

“We’ll see…” Dawn responded mysteriously as she plugged in her camera.

“Thanks…” I whispered to Dawn.

Dawn smiled. “If you hadn’t sent me a text warning me, I wouldn’t have had my eyes open. I’ll do anything to protect my cute little brother, always.”

She brought up a short video a moment later. That video didn’t just display on my screen, but also the screen the fans could see. The judge moved close, watching the video with interest. At first, the video was just a look at the tables as people set them up. However, while this was happening, a boy walked up to the tables. It was clear he was looking for a specific table. He could be seen selecting the one I was sitting at, bending over, and then pulling the pink USB out. He presumably plugged it in, although it couldn’t be seen from the angle of the image. This caused the crowds to go wild with shouts of surprise and shock.

“Who is that?”

“Isn’t that the assistance coordinator?”

“He plugged that in?”

“So, she’s the one who did it, why?”

I was a bit surprised too. I had thought the celebrity girl was the culprit, but it was this guy instead.

“To answer your questions… this might be the reason.”

Dawn suddenly brought up another video. This one showed the assistant coordinator. He was partially hidden behind a curtain, but it was clear he was up to something shameful. Hands were groping his butt and by the movements, it was clear that he was thrusting into someone. Anyone could see they were having sex in the corner. A moment later, he seemed to finish and quickly put his thing away. A few seconds later, the celebrity stepped out, straitening out her skirt, looking around, and then walking away.

My sister Dawn, up short extraordinaire, had caught a juicy piece. The popular celebrity had just been filmed in a sex scandal.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Dawn’s big reveal, the celebrity was escorted from the building, although it looked more like she was escaping her rabid and furious fans who felt betrayed by their star. Our team was quickly reinstated and the match was allowed to carry on as usual, although much quieter and more somber going out. In the end, we didn’t get 1 st place, but we did manage a respectable third. As a team, our award was a ribbon and a hundred-dollar gift card. That turned out to be just enough that we could go out to eat for a celebrity meal.

Avery went to call a ride-share while the other girls were busy calling friends or family who decided not to come today. Samantha wasn’t with me today because today didn’t fall on Samantha’s day of the week. It was Abigail’s day, but she told me she wasn’t interested in that gaming stuff and sulkily didn’t come. Well, given how jealous she could get, she’d probably be angry seeing me hanging out with these other girls.

I ended up alone and sitting on the steps outside of the center. Although I had won first and third, making our team second overall in the three competitions, I still had complicated feelings regarding it. That first match probably wasn’t earned by me at all. Just because the celebrity got caught and I proved I didn’t cheat in the final game, that didn’t mean there wasn’t something suspicious in the first game. Rather than investigate the entire tournament and risk something embarrassing getting out, it was clear the judges and tournament coordinators were eager to brush it all under the rug. I had even tried to say something, but they quickly shushed me up.

“That wasn’t completely bad.” A once irritated voice spoke from behind.

I turned and looked up to see that boy from the Pocket Rockets standing next to me.

“Oh, it’s you,” I responded as I squinted up.

“Don’t sound so depressed.” He crossed his arms, pursing his lips slightly in a very unmanly way. “We’re both men, after all. We can get along a little. You don’t have to adhere to every stereotype.”

“You’re one to talk!” I began, but then stopped myself with a breath. “Earlier, you stood up for me. You didn’t have to say anything, but you tried to defend me.”

“It’s not because you’re a little cute if that’s what you were thinking.” He responded, his cheeks turning red.

“That’s not what I was thinking!” I declared, perhaps a bit too enthusiastically, because his lips fell to a frown.

“Look, you’re a fellow gamer boy. I’m a defender of all men. I’m not going to sit back while girls just roll over one of us, okay? It’s nothing special. I believe inequality, and I will always stand for a man in distress.”

I lowered my head. “I see… thank you. I appreciate it.”

“Agg… geese, don’t put on such a cute expression like that. Don’t you know it makes women go crazy? If you don’t want to get snatched up off the street, at least have some awareness of what your face does to girls.”

“You’re not a girl.” I snorted.

“That’s why you know I’m being honest.” He chuckled. “I know you’re not interested in boys… yet. Well, there is always college. It’s a good time for experimentation.”

I smiled. “Not on your life.”

“Hmph… suit yourself.”

“Um… I do have a question.” My smile dropped as another thought came to me and I reluctantly asked. “In the first game, did you find things a bit too easy? I think the game might have been rigged to help the boys win.”

He stared at me for a second, and I was afraid I had messed up and said too much. He had also gotten top three, so I was saying that he didn’t deserve his place either.

“It’s Noah, right?” He asked seriously.

“I-it is!”

“I’m a better gamer than you.”

“What?”

“I watched your game with that young girl teammate, and I saw your level of skill. I’m a really good gamer. Not every guy on my team is a true gamer. Some of them just do it to meet boys or to be looked at, but what I saw in you was a boy who liked gaming as much as me. However, you haven’t been doing competitive like I have. In a one-on-one match, I’d win.”

“Wh-what are you saying?” I asked.

“Tournaments aren’t just purely about skill, but there is also luck involved. It’s the luck of the draw. Who do you face and win? I had a really difficult lineup. In most of my matches, I made almost no errors and took every short cut yet I barely managed to scrape by in third. I should have been in first. That was my best game. You can feel confident when I say that my game wasn’t fixed at all. I got third place.”

“I saw you crash…” I admitted I was looking at his screen.

“Yeah, that was a really bad one. Do you know who else ended up in that crash? All the other top contestants who I was racing against! We had been fighting for the first place stop and it turned into a massive pileup. This was why you ended up in first.”

I opened my mouth, and then I closed it again. Such an event occurred in one of the matches? All of the top leaders ended up getting upended by the weaker players. Even if that only happened in one match, since it didn’t happen in any of my matches, then I was bound for 1 st .

“So, they didn’t help me cheat to win. I just got lucky.” I responded bitterly, dropping my head.

It almost felt worse realizing the truth. If someone had cheated to help me win, it was something out of my control. However, if I just won because of dumb luck, then It didn’t matter.

“Oi…” He reached out a kicked me gently with his foot. “You won first place fair and square. You got first place. Sometimes, people get lucky. That’s all there is to it. You need to own up to your victories and have more confidence in your abilities. You’re a man. Start acting like one.”

With that, he walked past me and headed toward a vehicle that had come to pick him up. I saw a girl in the driver’s seat who leaned over and kissed him when he got in. I was stunned. Given his all-female team and his male equality crap, I never would have thought he’d have a girlfriend. She was even pretty cute. He noticed me staring at him and then winked as the car drove off. He wasn’t what I had expected at all.

“Act like a man,” I repeated.

It was easier said than done. What even was a man in this world? I was striving to become my own man, but it wasn’t like I had any role models. I had grown up in a household of women, so where should I look?

Click.

There was a flash, and I looked up to see Dawn standing there with the camera in her hand. “Hey, Brother. When you give such a cute expression, I can’t help but capture it.”

“What are you going to do with pictures of me?” I asked.

“Isn’t it obvious?” She raised an eyebrow. “I’ll sell them to our sisters!”

“That can’t be true.”

“What are you saying? I’ve already become rich selling images of you to them. I might even be able to afford a new camera soon. Here I was making pennies on up short pictures, and the real money was in exploiting my little brother’s cuteness.”

“Since you’re so rich on my behalf, why don’t you give me a percentage of the profits?” I asked.

“Oh, look, Mom arrived! Gotta go!” She spun around, but I lunged out and grabbed her shirt.

She stopped, shooting me back a grin, the glare on her glasses obscuring her eyes just a bit. “Aren’t you staying behind to party with Beth and her friends? You wouldn’t want to disappoint them.”

“You’re not coming?” I asked.

“It’s Bethany’s team. You guys should celebrate on your own.” Dawn declared. “Besides, I have to go through all of those photos I took and properly sort them before sending them to the judge. The life of an artist is difficult.”

“Shut up, you’re just a pervert with a camera,” I responded.

She grinned. “Only when little brother is involved.”

I let go of her shirt, and she walked off. Mom had been pulling up after all, and she gave a little wave as she drove off with Dawn. I had already informed her that I and Beth would be celebrating. I received a text a few moments later. I checked to see a text from my mom.

Be safe, and don’t do anything with any girls.

“Mom, I won’t.” At that moment, there was another text.

I mean it, no sex!

“Ah… mom.” I felt a little embarrassed., looking around awkwardly when my phone buzzed again.

You have this waiting for you at home.

A picture loaded that was dark and a bit blurry. I squinted slightly, and then I realized what it was. It was my mom’s pussy! I nearly dropped my phone. Did she take that while driving? How was Dawn reacting to mom driving down the highway with her phone up her skirt! She could be crazy sometimes so I didn’t put it past her.

I was going to respond reassuring her, but after that last image, I didn’t want to anymore. Thankfully, I didn’t have to wait long, as the other girls appeared one after another. Soon, the rideshare arrived and we left the convention center and headed toward a little Japanese place Dina knew about. It was one of those places where the grill was in the middle of the table and they would cook it in front of you. It was expensive, but we had a hundred dollars between the five of us, and that should just be enough to cover the cost.

Soon, the girls had cheered up and we talked playfully as the grill in front of us sizzled. The Japanese woman behind the counter smiled a lot, and she seemed to cook most of her stuff in front of me. She put on quite the show and no sooner did I finish something than she cooked more for me. Was this all for me?

We eventually had our fill, and the cook gave me a wink before walking off. It was only then that I felt someone pinch my leg.

“Oh, Bethany, what?”

“No flirting! We agreed.”

“Huh? How was I flirting?” I blinked.

“That cook liked you. I think we got twice as much meat as we ordered.” Dina adjusted her glasses.

“Even if that was so, she shouldn’t have been eyeing my brother like that.”

“What do you care?” Avery snorted. “He’s just your brother. You into your brother or something?”

“Ah! N-no…” Bethany looked away.

Thankfully, Avery was too busy eating what was left of the vegetables and rice to notice much, while Dina’s glasses had fogged up when a puff of steam flew into Katie’s face after she lifted a certain lid. At one point, the waiter brought out a mysterious bottle.

“Um, we didn’t order this.” Avery frowned as she looked at the check.

“Compliments of the cook.” The waiter responded, his eyes flickering to me before he walked away.

We all looked at it suspiciously, but it was Avery who finally poured a bit into a small cup and sniffed it. It didn’t have much of a scent, but it was obvious it was alcohol.

“Its sake.” Dina corrected, they serve it warmed as an after the meal.

“That cook must have liked you a lot.” Katie laughed.

We weren’t old enough for alcohol, but since it had already been handed out, we each took a shot. Dina warned the younger girls that they shouldn’t drink it as they couldn’t take the alcohol, which caused them only to take extra shots. By the time the bottle was out, my sister and Katie were unconscious, and Dina looked to be halfway there. Avery appeared to be the only one who held her liquor. She was red-faced, but not completely drunk.

I was the soberest of the group. If I drank too much, I could end up in a dangerous situation. I had a shot, but that was it. Knowing my luck, the cook would have grabbed me and taken advantage of me or something. It was better being sober. That also unfortunately left me with the responsibility of getting everyone home. I used my phone and got a rideshare, and then we dropped off at each of the places.

By the time we reached Avery’s place, she was having trouble walking. I helped her to her porch while an unconscious Bethany was in the car. If this had been my old world, I never would have left my drunk sister in a car with a strange driver, but since they were female and this was a different world, I wasn’t worried.

“Thanks for having me on your team.” I declared.

Avery looked up at me and then shook her head. “You’re still cute.”

I put a hand on her arm to stabilize her. “You know, I didn’t like what you were doing with my sister and so I acted a bit cruel with you, but after spending my time with you, I don’t think you’re a bad person.”

“You… you know I changed because of you, right?” Avery looked at me.

I felt a bit surprised by that, but I quickly shook my head. “If you want to fuck me, Avery, you don’t need to flirt. I’m a bit easier than that. You just have to ask.”

Avery reached out a grabbed me, and for a second, I thought she’d kiss me. “I want you, but I’m not going to.”

“Why?” I cocked my head.

“Because I respect your sisters… and I respect myself. I need to be a woman who is proud of myself before I can chase after you. You understand?”

I smiled slightly. “Yeah, I think I do.”

Just like me, Avery was trying to figure herself out. We both wanted to be better people. I leaned forward and kissed her on the cheek, and then turned and walked away.

Maybe, one day, we’d both get there.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Another week passed by, and I laid out on the couch while staring at my phone. There was a text message there. I had been waiting for a response for too long, and when it finally came, I was too afraid to reply to it. I was once again stuck between indecision and curiosity.

“Come on, honey, come to bed…” I felt someone nudge my feet.

“Mom, no one’s stopping you from going to bed,” I muttered.

“I want a massage. You promised.” She spoke in a pouty voice.

I looked up and the end of the couch where my feet were hanging to see my mom wearing nothing but a slightly translucent teddy. She didn’t even have underwear on. She was also bending over far her boobs were nearly popping out.

“Is it really a message you want?” I asked, raising an eyebrow.

“Are you doubting me?” She asked sheepishly, shrugging her shoulders and causing her breasts to jiggle.

“You know, it’s a school night, right?”

“But tomorrow is Friday, so you’ll have the whole weekend off after that.” She defended.

“Isn’t it better to spend time on the weekend?”

“My new job makes me work on weekends. You know that.”

After everything that had happened between me and her boss, Mom’s job situation had been turbulent for a while. There was an investigation, and it had ended up leaking what Ms. Dean had done. Her sexual assault, coworker abuse, and various other things became public, and she was quickly fired. My mom was called back, and she was offered Ms. Dean’s old job and a desperate apology from the higher-ups, who feared being sued.

Mom had actually gotten an offer from a new place that paid even more than mom would have made with Ms. Dean’s old supervisor job, and so she refused and took that job instead. Unfortunately, that job had her work twelve hours on weekends. The twelve hours shifts were bad, but she did get three days off a week though, which she was able to spend with us kids. That usually meant that she spend her days off begging for attention from me.

I told mom I would take care of her, so I couldn’t exactly just tell her to go find a boyfriend. Even if she wanted to, I would never allow it. In the end, I could only let out a sigh. It wasn’t easy being the man in a house full of women. I got up and followed mom into the bedroom. She practically skipped into her room before jumping on the bed. She then lifted her butt in the air and shook it at me. Since she wasn’t wearing underwear, this gave me the whole sight of my mother unabashedly.

“Make sure to get my butt. My new job has me sitting a lot and my butt is sore.

I moved over to the bed, and walking on my knees I grabbed a bottle of oil from her headboard bookcase and moved next to her butt. Her teddy had fallen up, and her underwearless bottom was hanging out. I lifted the bottle and then dribbled some of the oil over her butt cheeks, and only then did she let her lower half flop down. I reached out and squeezed her butt slightly, moving my fingers over her soft skin.

“Mmm…” She let out a little moan of approval.

Although I complained about it, I rather liked massaging my mom. She appreciated the touch a lot more than my sisters, who lacked patience and always tried to push for something more. I could dig my fingers into her, and feel every nook and cranny of her body. My hands could derive her pleasure, and I liked listening to the little moans she made. I admitted that it started to make my cock hard. I figured I was pretty helpless now. There was no getting around that I was into my mother.

“Harder…” She panted.

I let out a soft chuckle and then moved to put my elbow there, really pushing down on her butt. It was already covered in oil and had a shiny sheen to it. I kneaded and pushed into it the best I could, really working those butt muscles. Her moans grew even louder. I spent a good deal of time on her butt, however, there was much more of my mother to oil up.

I moved down her legs, working on the back of the thighs. I added a little bit more oil, and she spread her legs slightly. Although I knew what awaited between those legs, I resisted the urge for a little bit longer and continued to rub the back. Her moans weren’t as loud as when I was doing her body, but I could feel a heat emanating from between her legs, and I knew I was doing something for her.

Rather than start something from which there was no going back, I decided to keep the massage going a little more. My sisters were very easy to please, and a sexual encounter with them could go from being aroused to climax within fifteen minutes. Mom was a little different. She needed more attention, and she had to build her way up. When she got there, she could want it for hours at a time. I was getting good stamina with a house full of horny women, but mom still wore me out. In other words, it was better to front-load things a bit, as it’d make our later event a bit more reasonable.

I continued to move down her legs and ended up at her feet. Mom was just a working woman in the end, and the women of this world still war high-heels and the like, so her feet naturally hurt. I made sure to kneed the bottom of her feet skillfully. I raised one and rubbed it hard, doing the toes and the heel before putting it back down and attacking the other. As I lifted and manipulated her feet, mom’s legs had spread open a bit more, and I could see the lips of her waiting pussy. It was nearly as shiny as her butt and legs. Did some oil leak down her crack? I thought it was more likely that mom was wet down there for other reasons.

After finishing mom’s feet, I worked back up and went for her inner thighs. This elicited another grunt as I used both hands, one on each thigh. As I pushed against them, this also spread her legs, even more, revealing her bush and slit. By the time I got to this part, I had little control left. She had asked me to start with the butt, so she must have expected I’d get worked up. If I started with her shoulders, I might have been able to last a little longer.

I worked her thighs while kneeling between them. Every time I brought my fingers up in a long rub, I’d allow the tips to accidentally brush against her exposed lips. Mom’s moans started to grow more staggered and needy. I thought about letting a finger slide in on my next wave, but I resisted the urge. After all, I hadn’t touched her front yet.

“Mom, rollover. I’ll get your front.”

Mom got up and turned around, but as she did so, she reached down and pulled up her teddie. It was already a thin thing that revealed everything, but I couldn’t help but get even more excited as I saw her toss it to the side, showing her naked body. She seemed completely at ease naked in front of me. Her eyes looked down and noticed the tent in my shorts, and a small smile caressed her lips. She reached out and stroked the head while biting her lip seductively, and then she lay back down on the bed.

My naked mother was lying out on the bed, fully exposed, her eyes closed and her body completely at my whim. In my old world, such a thought might have sent me to a trashcan to throw up in disgust, but things had changed a little at a time, and now I could only see a beautiful and sexy woman that I wanted to fuck. She was an older woman, but her mature body was voluptuous and sensual. Her hard nipples were begging to be sucked, and those swollen lips wanted to swallow my dick.

“Should I shave down there?” Mom suddenly asked, her hand stroking the pubic hair between her legs as if I wouldn’t know what she was talking about.

Mom wasn’t hairy or anything, but her hair was a bit more natural. She wasn’t bald or had some strip like many of my sisters. Her hair was still mostly contained above the slit and it looked sexy. I shook my head.

“I like mom the way she is.” I declared.

“Tsk… flatterer.” She teased back, closing her eyes and pushing back her head.

I was much better at reading my mother’s body language, and she was telling me to start at the top. If I wanted to take that pussy, I’d have to work my way to it today. I licked my lips and got to work. First, I attacked her shoulders and neck, rubbing around her collar bone and the back. I occasionally lifted her head and rubbed behind her neck, but I always ended with my thumbs gently rubbing her jawline. I found myself watching her lips as I worked, wondering if I should kiss her.

I shook out of it, grabbing the oil bottle and dropping more down. I admit that my hands still had oil, but I liked watching the oil drip over her tits. Once her boobs were covered in it, I started to rub them. My hand manipulated and squeezed them. I didn’t focus on the fatty area like I might have done when I was inexperienced and new to this whole thing. Rather, I went for the areas that felt best for my mother.

Experience with women had taught me a thing or two about this kind of thing. A woman’s breasts were pretty heavy, and that pulled down on her chest. Women liked to be rubbed on the sides and pectorals, a few inches from the armpits. They also liked to be rubbed under the breast. This was an area very easy to neglect because it was covered by her boob, and many women were self-conscious about such a thing. That was an area where it got sweaty and could be gross, but it was exactly why that area was also very sensitive and needed attention.

I held up mom’s breasts with one hand and then rubbed under them with the other. Of course, I still was a man, and I couldn’t help tugging and playing with the nipples a bit, but these kinds of things were best done in moderation. While listening to my mother moan in pleasure, I gave her a full boob service. My actions were stimulating and playful, and I didn’t give her any bad feelings by pulling or pinching them.

My attention was working on my mom because her hand had wandered out and started stroking me through my pants again. As I worked on her chest, her hand fumbled with my pants for a solid minute. I eventually had to help her unbuckle and pull out my dick.

“Tsk… why do guys have such complicated pants.” She complained as she grabbed hold of my dick.

I could only chuckle helplessly. Wasn’t it bras that were complicated? Women wore pants too, so it was no more difficult for them than it was for us. Either way, I finished with her chest and started to work on her abdomen, and mom’s hand started to stroke up and down on my cock. Even though the angle wasn’t perfect, her hand still felt good, and I couldn’t help but move my hand down too. My oily fingers reached her clit and I started to rub it.

Well, it started now. This seemed to be how all of our massages ended up.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Baby, your dick is so hard.” Mom moaned as her hand stroked it gently, her face flush as she looked at me with intense desire.

It was the kind of look that was hard for any man to say no to. I wondered how I would have reacted in my old world if my mother had ever looked at me that way. It felt like forever ago at this point, that time when I was a virgin desperately trying to get away from my family. If that version of me saw what I was doing with my mother, would it turn him on, or disgust him? At that point, I was so far removed from the past that I didn’t even know.

I licked mom’s nipple while my finger dived a bit deeper into her cunt. “It’s because Mom is so beautiful.”

Mother giggled. “You’re becoming quite the sweet talker. However, I’d prefer you use that mouth for a better purpose.”

Women in this world were quite shameless, even if they were my mother. She wanted me to eat her pussy rather than whisper sweet nothings. In this case, I was happy to oblige. I started to lower my head, but then I felt mom grab me and pull me up.

“What?” I asked.

“Not that way.” Mom grinned lewdly. “Turn around. I want that hard cock in my mouth.”

My eyes widened for a moment, but Mom was too impatient and started grabbing my body and pulling me. I quickly got what she wanted and swung my leg over her head. It felt really weird getting into this position. This was the so-called sixty-nine. It wasn’t my first time in this position, but wasn’t the girl usually on top? I wasn’t sure how I felt squatting over my mom’s face, but when she grabbed onto my cock and hungrily swallowed it, I stopped thing about such things.

I enjoyed the feel of her warm mouth sucking down on the head of my cock while her hand worked its way up and down. My lower stomach was pressed against her chest, and my head came out just around her pelvis, where I could grab onto her thick thighs. I couldn’t see mom work, but I could feel everything she was doing. That’s why I noted her hastily spitting out my cock.

“Hey, get eating!” She panted.

I had been succumbing to the pleasure all while ignoring her. With a blush she thankfully couldn’t see, I reached out and gripped her thighs, spreading them slightly more as I brought my face up to her cunt. My chin rubbed against her pubic hair as I aimed for the wet slit between her legs. It gave off a musky, humid scent, a feminine smell that was unmistakably me my mother. I found myself breathing it in, the nostalgic smell bringing me a sense of nostalgia and comfort.

I wondered if every boy felt nostalgia for the smell of his mother’s cunt. After all, you were born in there and came out of there. Wouldn’t that smell end up becoming a part of you? You grew up clinging to your mom, and she had to be horny plenty of times while not saying anything. It might be subconscious, but boys just love the smell and taste of their mom. When they find girlfriends, they likely find one that tastes similar. Well, I wasn’t born from my mom’s womb, but I had tasted all of her daughters, so I had the family scent on my nose.

With my elbows up and my palms on Mom’s plump thighs, I brought my fingers out and pulled her slit open. The lips pulled apart showing the pink, pulsating sensitive tissue underneath. I felt mom’s throat vibrate as she moaned with my cock down her throat. She was currently swallowing my cock in the way only mom could, her head going up and down as she sucked on it. I was too afraid to thrust down on her and accidentally choke her, so I remained completely still in my position while she gave me fellatio.

To keep from screaming down her throat early, I tried to focus instead on her pussy, continuing to play with and manipulate the lips. In the past, I always just dived in, thrusting my fingers inside and rubbing as quickly as I could to muster up a reaction. However, since this was my mother, I couldn’t help but look at her cunt a bit more innocently. I had fucked, sucked, and fingered a dozen pussies innumerable times in the last few months since I woke up in this world, yet I had never really just explored one openly.

There also didn’t seem to be a better woman to explore than my mother, who had pushed out a half dozen kids. I wouldn’t dare say my mother’s pussy was stretched open, but compared to my virgin sisters, she had the most accommodating pussy for exploration.

“Hehe… I don’t mind if you explore, but how about you taste it?”

Mom had spit out my dick, letting out amused and perverted words. Once again, I was glad she couldn’t see my face. The other reason I had chosen to explore this time instead of any other was that just how I couldn’t see my mom, she also couldn’t see me. I could only feel her machinations and guess as to what she was doing. I had been hoping my poking and prodding as I played with her insides and felt her out wouldn’t be so obvious, but leave it to mom to quickly discover what I was doing.

Not wanting mom to tease me anymore, I dipped down and put her clitoris in my mouth, licking the little mound at the top of her pussy, or the bottom from my angle. Her attack on my cock slowed a bit, as even my mother couldn’t take the pleasure without getting distracted for a few moments. I pursed my lips and sucked even harder, trying to disrupt my mother. However, she was the more experienced person by far, and with only a few moments’ hesitations, she increased her suction force and started bobbing her head wildly.

“Fuck!” I cried out, my hands tightening on her thighs as I resisted blowing my load.

“Mmm… mgmmm…” Mom said unintelligible words while continuing to suck my cock, but knowing her, they were likely mocking.

She knew what she was doing, and wasn’t afraid to bully her son. Mom made it tough, but I just managed to resist as she started slowing from her frantic speed. Feeling a bit aggrieved, I plunged one of my fingers into her and started licking clit with my tongue out of my mouth, circulating the nub with the tip of my tongue.

“Haaah…. Fuuuuck…” Mom spat out my cock and let out a moan, her hand still rapidly stroking me as she tried to catch her breath.

The way she was going, I knew I was going to blow my load in mom’s face if she kept this up any longer. The feeling of desire was too much. I crawled forward and right off of her. Mom let go of my cock as soon as I moved from over her head. I got between her legs and spun around with my cock in my hand and desire in my face.

I was greeted with the sight of my mom holding up her legs and spreading them. She was dripping wet, and the lewd expression on her face was irresistible.

“Fuck me, baby…” She bit her lip.

She didn’t have to say those words. I was already beyond stopping. I shoved myself into my mom roughly, my dick conquering her pussy with a single jab. Mom’s cunt wasn’t loose at it, but tight and perfect. My hips started moving before I could even help myself.

“Ahhn! Yes… fuck… more… Noah… mmm… Noah!” Mom started to moan as I thrust into her, my cock making wet noises as it slid in and out of her wet hole. “Baby… yes… fuck me… fuck mommy…”

I didn’t like her baby talk, but I was so horny at that moment that I couldn’t stop myself. I only went faster and faster, fucking mom hot and wetly. I could feel it when she started to climax. Her pussy started to twitch and then clamp down on my cock, suckling it as if she wanted to swallow all of my cum into her womb.

“You’ve been pregnant how many times, and still your womb is hungry,” I spoke a bit jokingly.

“Ahhhn… Noah’s baby… you can make mommy pregnant if you want. I sto-stopped taking the pill.”

Her words shocked me to my core, and I stopped thrusting into her. My eyes looked up at her, and Mom gave me a sheepish smile.

“Really?”

“It’s not likely I’m going to get pregnant at this point.” She admitted. “However, I don’t mind it if it’s Noah. I couldn’t be your mother, but maybe I’ll become your baby’s mama!”

In all of my playing around, I had toyed with the idea of getting a girl pregnant, but I had never taken it seriously. I had always left the responsibility to the girl. She’d either be responsible for the baby or the protection. Thankfully, this world wasn’t as rampant with STDs, as I had seldom worn a condom. It wasn’t very mature of me though. If I got a girl pregnant, I’d have to take responsibility. Once I stuck my dick in her, I was responsible. Even if she didn’t get pregnant, I was responsible for the emotions and feelings.

I ripped off whatever remaining clothing I had on, and then I lowered my top half onto my mom, wrapping my arms around her similarly naked body. My lips found hers, and I started to kiss her. Mom’s lips were still warm, wet, and puffy from when she was downing my throat, but she didn’t hesitate to swirl her tongue in my mouth as I kissed her. My hips started to move again, but this time, it wasn’t as rough or as violent. Mom’s legs wrapped around my hips, and her arms held onto my back.

“Ahhnn! Ahhhn… N-noah!” She broke off the kiss moaning as I gave slow, but hard thrusts, my dick forcing itself into her deeply.

I felt mom’s sweaty, naked body under me. She may be a woman in this world. Women were horny, crass, and perverted. However, at that moment, mom felt vulnerable, soft, and feminine. I could hear her intense heartbeat through her chest, and her staggard breath against my ear.

“I love you,” I said unhesitatingly, looking directly into her eyes.

“Ahhhn!” She bit her lip as she climaxed again. “Not fair…”

My entire body thrust into her, and the waves of motion seemed to take mom away. She was no longer able to act tough and in control. For the first time since I had been with her, I stopped being her baby boy, and I started being her man. We both seemed to recognize this change. I kissed her again, and the kiss felt like I was releasing passion and desire. It came at a fundamental level. We weren’t just fucking for sexual pleasure, but we were expressing our feelings for each other. I loved mom so much that I couldn’t show her any other way, and mom was helpless but to receive all of the love I gave.

As I pulled my mouth away, I bit her lip and pulled it and let it go until it snapped back in place. Her hands were tightening on my back again. She was already climaxing again? I leaned next to her ear.

“Have my baby.”

“Haaah… Noaaaah!” I was surprised when mom’s arc started to arch.

Her pussy had become a vice, urging my cock to cum. I had already been at the limit for a while, and that last response was too much. I grabbed onto mom and held her as my balls swelled and hot steamy liquid began to spurt out. It shot deep into my mom, spurt after spurt filling her womb. I pushed myself deep into her, although the sucking sensation of her climaxing pussy made it impossible to do anything else.

“Mom!” I moaned.

“It’s inside me! Yes, Noah… I’m getting pregnant.” Mom moaned, as hot gob after hot gob when inside her.

Her body finally collapsed, and I collapsed on top of her. My head went into my mom’s breasts, and the pair of us remained there holding each other, a union of sweat, sex, and love.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“I suppose it’s time.” I sighed. “I’m ready.”

A few more days passed by in relative bliss. My sex life was extremely good, and my relationship with my sisters and mom only improved. I also had started bringing in money with my job. Mom refused to accept my money, so I just put it in the bank. I’d buy them nice presents on their birthdays or something. There was a time I would have greedily clung to every dollar I made.

However, money was less important to me the more time I spent with my sisters. I’d rather spend money on my women than on myself. On top of that, most of them refused to let me spend money, so I usually ended up holding onto it. That meant that I was earning quite a decent nest egg.

At the moment, I was sitting on the edge of my bed, staring down at my phone for the hundredth time in the last few weeks. I was naked except for a blanket draped over my lap. After considering things, I had come to my decision.  I finally typed in response and clicked send.

“Noah, what are you up to?” A woman wrapped her arms around me, and then pressed her bare chest against my arm.

I turned and kissed my sister on the nose. “Nothing. Don’t tell me you want to go again.”

“Sister is just a slut.” I felt my other arm as another girl pressed against me.

“Don’t you want it just as bad?” I asked, teasingly, kissing her too.

“Whose a slut? You’re the one whose face looks like this when you orgasm.” Kelsey accused, making a strange face.

“I don’t look like that! You look like that. You also make a noise that sounds like ‘gigigigig’, it’s gross.” Kristy defended.

“I don’t make a noise. Noah!”

“Noah!”

Both of my twins turned to me, looking with upturned eyes. I let out a helpless chuckle. They often liked to argue and then try to get me to resolve their differences. There was no helping my horny, perverted little sisters.

“There is only one way to fix this.” I declared.

“What’s that?” Kristy asked

“A solution?” Kelsey perked up.

I sent another message, and a moment later, the door opened. Kristy and Kelsey turned to see Dawn poking her head in the room.

“Did you need something, Noah?”

“Yeah, Kristy and Kelsey need to be recorded having sex. Make sure to show their orgasm faces and get the sounds they make.”

“Ah? My little sisters are aiming to be pornstars? Well, if it’s brother, then it is fine.” Dawn gave a perverted little smirk, her eyes glasses reflecting the light bulb to give herself a more sinister air.

Kristy and Kelsey both turned white.

“Um, actually, I just remembered that I had to… um… go take a shit!” Kristy leaped up and ran out of the room.

“I-I have to go help her!” Kelsey ran after her.

Dawn watched them run by. “Huh? No show?”

I let out a chuckle. “I guess not.”

The girls were naughty and perverted in a lot of ways, but in general, they liked to keep their stuff private. There had been an incident a few weeks ago where one of the images Dawn took had leaked. It was an image of Mackenzie sucking my dick. I wasn’t in the picture, but it had spread throughout the entire school and she even got taken into the principal’s office and lectured. Mom was told about it, but since she knew what was going on and whose dick it was, she was a bit more lenient.

She wasn’t lenient on Dawn who let the stuff leak and had made Dawn delete every incriminating image she had on her computer. She also set a rule that Dawn couldn’t record anyone without their permission, and that faces were not allowed on camera. This recording technically would have gone against mom’s rule, but at least my face wouldn’t be on camera. The twins had acted violently to it anyway. Being recorded fucking their brother would be social suicide if it ever leaked out. They weren’t that daring.

“You want a solo session? Watching a guy masturbate is super hot.” Dawn lingered behind, looking at me with interest.

“Um… no thanks,” I responded.

“Hmph… suit yourself.” Dawn gave a pout, looking my naked body up and down one last time before she spun around and left.

There was a beep on my phone though, so I brought it back out and checked on it. I had received a response to my text. There was a date and a time. It was this upcoming weekend. It was Thursday, so I had one more day. I let out a deep hiss, and then I sent my affirmation. Then, I got dressed, did my homework, and then studied until I got tired.

The next day, I got the same routine. I got up and went to the bathroom only to find someone had already taken it. I had opened the door and then let out a little curse. The curtain opened and Bethany appeared.

“Y-you can join me if you want.” She responded, her cheeks turning red as the steam billowed out from behind her.

That’s how I ended up naked in a shower with my fourteen-year-old sister. She was in front of me, her head under the shower while I stood behind her awkwardly. I had stripped and jumped in mostly to see her get flustered, but I didn’t anticipate her deer in a headlight reaction. She had frozen completely and was staring ahead unmoving like she was afraid to brush up against me by accident or see something she wasn’t supposed to see.

I could see a small, trembling form in front of me. Her youthful body had always been a tease. Her tendency to go without a bra, spaghetti strap shirts, and those short shorts that showed the crevice of her ass had always left little to the imagination. However, even that little layer of modesty had been shed, and my little sister was on full display. Watching her long hair which was usually up in a ponytail or bun wet and clinging to her back, stopping just short of her tight, youthful behind, definitely filled me with temptation.

I had decided that I wouldn’t go all the way with Bethany. I had done a few things with her, but not that. I felt she was a bit too young. Kelsey and Kristy were younger than me too, but only by 10 months. They’d be turning sixteen before I turned seventeen. Bethany was two years younger than me. Well, I was closer to her age than London was to my age. Dawn sleeping with me would be no weirder than me sleeping with Bethany, but I still felt like she should be a few years older before we went all the way.

I knew that this irritated Bethany, but I had to remain strong. Yet, strength wasn’t the feeling I had as I looked at the backside of my beautiful little sister as she shook with nervousness and waited in anticipation for me to do something. Realizing that if I left her as this and nothing happened, Bethany would surely be upset, an idea struck me.

“Do you want me to scrub your back?” I asked, causing her to jump slightly.

“Mm…” She gave a noise of acceptance in response.

Gulping slightly, I reached out next to her and found a loofah and soap. That was one thing that hadn’t changed in this world. Living in a house with half a dozen women meant that loofahs could be found everywhere. I used to refuse to use them because they felt girly. I would just use the bar of soap. However, more recently, I’d come to appreciate the loofah a little bit more. Adding a little bit of liquid soap to the loofah, I scrunched it up until it was slippery and full of bubbles.

I then reached out and pulled my sister’s hair to the side before I touched her back with the loofah. Her body shook slightly, leaning into my hand as if asking for more, while she grabbed her hair and bundled it out of my way. With water running down her back, it had already started to move the soap from the loofah. A little white stream of bubbles ran down my sister’s back before slipping down her buttcrack. I started to run the loofah up and down her back, quickly turning the clean, wet skin into a soapy mess.

“Hah… eee…” Bethany let out cute little noises as I washed her body.

Those sounds only started to get me more excited, so I added more soap to the loofah and started cleaning her more excitedly. Even with the water running down, her back was completely covered in soap. My other stroked her back, and she was extremely slippery and wet. Since I had done her back, it was time to do her back! I wrapped my arms around her and grabbed her back. Bethany let out a cry, but she didn’t resist as I started to run the loofah up and down her body.

She leaned back her hot, slippery naked body against me as I cleaned her body thoroughly. She seemed to surrender completely at my mercy as I washed her small breasts thoroughly, then worked on her slim abdomen and thighs. When I reached between her legs, she closed them tightly and twisted her knees. I was surprised she stopped me, but when I looked to my side I could see her looking up at me, her head leaning on my chest.

“B-brother…” she panted. “I’m feeling strange.”

She looked extremely erotic as she spoke, and I couldn’t help but gulp as I put on a big brother face. “Wh-what’s strange…”

“I-it’s rubbing me…” She whimpered.

“It?” I blinked.

Her thighs tightened, and she shifted her hips slightly, and that’s when I realized that as I was holding her tightly and cleaning her while hugging her from behind, my cock had started to get hard. Her slippery soap body had allowed my cock to end up sliding right up between her legs. That’s why she reacted so suddenly. As soon as I was aware of it, I was also aware that she kept twisting her thighs, rubbing them within her soapy flesh.

“Bethany…” I breathed, realizing that she had turned me on a bit too much.”

“Brother…” She responded.

Our lips went to meet each other, and at that moment the curtain flew open. Mackenzie was standing there with her hands on her hips. Her eyes looked both of us over, taking note of the situation, and then my penis that was sticking just a head out from between Bethany’s legs.

“Shouldn’t you be getting ready for school?” Mackenzie demanded.

Bethany’s face turned even redder. “B-brother is helping me clean!”

“I can see that.” Mackenzie narrowed her eyes. “Since little sister can’t bath herself properly, I’ll just have to help her!”

Mackenzie ripped off her robe, and it was the first time I realized that she was naked too. She jumped in, right between Bethany and me.

“What? No!” Mackenzie grabbed onto Bethany with her gleaming.

She scrubbed Bethany roughly with a rag until all of the bubbles were gone. I could only take a step back and wince as Bethany was roughly brutalized by her big sister. Two sisters fighting naked in a shower was pretty hot, so my dick remained pretty hard, but the fun I had been having was gone. Bethany finally managed to escape Mackenzie’s grip and she fled the bathroom.

“Don’t get water everywhere!” Mom shouted as a naked Bethany ran down the hallway.

Mackenzie watched as Bethany ran, and then spun back to me. “You’re incorrigible!”

“Huh?  I was just helping.” I replied innocently.

She rolled her eyes and then pointed down at my dick. “And who’s helping that?”

“Ah… haha…” I covered my hand over my dick and gave an awkward laugh.

Mackenzie sighed. “Fine, I’ll take care of it. We have to hurry though. Brother is so much work.”

Mackenzie pulled back her hair and got on her knees. One blowjob later, I was ready for school, and we just managed to make the bus with a run. It was starting as a good day.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 126
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With two sets of lips on my member, there was no way I could hold out for long. I had managed to increase my endurance and recovery significantly. With all of those thirsty sisters of mine, I had to be able to go at least three times a day. However, I wasn’t able to hold back, and with gritted teeth, I started to cum. Abigail caught it all in her mouth, swallowing it down hungrily. Samantha had been busy still working on my balls, and didn’t seem to realize what had happened until Abigail pulled away with a gasp.

There was still a stream of semen connecting her lips to my cock. It fell onto Samantha’s head, which caused her to look up and only get another long streak of semen across her face. She made a spitting sound as she wiped her face. She quickly noticed my cock was getting soft, and she shot Abigail a glare.

“H-hey? Did you swallow it all?” She demanded as she got up.

“Ahhh!” Abigail opened her mouth while still on her knees and poked out her tongue, showing that there wasn’t any white left on her bright pink tongue.

“You bitch… ahhh! N-noah? What are you doing?” Samantha was suddenly knocked forward into Abigail.

“H-hey, get off of me! There isn’t any room!” Abigail protested as Samantha pinned her to a wall of the tight closet.

I had shoved Samantha forward just as she was starting to pick a fight with Abigail. Abigail was pinned over Samantha who was bracing herself against the wall. As for me, I had already yanked down her pants and underwear to her knees. My hand when between her legs to start fingering her twat. That twat was right in Abigail’s face.

“Dude! What the hell?” Abigail flinched back, but she couldn’t escape, between our legs, and Samantha’s tits were pinned against the wall overhead.

“Noah, what are you doing?” Samantha gasped, but with the feelings of being fingered, her protests were less volatile than Abigail’s.

“Since Abby got a load, it’s only fair for Samantha to get one too!” I declared, pulling my dick out.

I was already hard again. Whether it was the suggestive position Abigail was in, Samantha’s nice naked butt with just enough liquid running down her thighs to show how horny she was, or perhaps even the conditioning my sisters had done to me, always wanting my dick to perform a little more, but my refractory period had shrunk considerably. I could fuck again with only a few moments in between. That’s why I spread open Samantha’s behind, found that warm, wet waiting slit, and I popped myself right in.

“Ahhhn… N-Noah…” Samantha tried to act surprised and condemning, but what girl would truly resist the feel of a cock inside her.

Even though she knew her pussy was being stretched right in front of Abigail’s eyes, the pleasure of it kept her from fighting back.

“Noah! What the hell?” Abigail complained, but she also didn’t do anything to change the situation either.

I had always expected that Abigail was an exhibitionist. After all, she had been stalking me from hiding for years. She had put herself in a situation where she could film me erotically, and then later she found a bunch of outfits that she wanted to put me in. Adding to that her tolerance for Samantha, and I finally realized Abigail. She liked to watch! As much as she wanted to act like she was uncomfortable, this front-row seat to watching her boyfriend plow another girl was probably extremely arousing to her.

I started to thrust into Samantha from behind, bringing my entire length in and out of her pussy with each long thrust. Samantha braced herself against the wall, only able to accept the pleasure while keeping herself from making too much noise and alerting anyone who might still be in the hallway at the moment.

I could also hear a faint panting down below. Abigail, who was on the floor, could only look up at that wet pussy receiving all of my dick. Was her face getting splashed by Samantha’s juices every time I thrust into her? If it wasn’t happening yet, I intended to make it happen! I increased the speed, a light slapping noise every time my balls slapped against the entrance of her cunt wetly. I could see Samantha clenching her nails, practically scratching the wall as she did everything she could to keep from letting out a scream.

Down below, Abigail had started to touch herself, enjoying the show given to her while she pleasured herself. Although I had experienced a few threesomes with my sisters, it was always the twins who would work together. Since they were identical, as much as there was something gained by enjoying them both, I also felt like there was something lost. Having two different women at the same time, who were different body types, temperaments, and sexual tastes… that was truly a threesome experience.

“Noah… hah… ahhh…” Samantha couldn’t help but let out a few gasps as her mouth broke open, but she quickly closed it again.

I grabbed tightly onto her nice, well-formed butt and then increased my pace again. Although I couldn’t say I was completely unaffected by the change in gender roles, at the very least, I’d never lose my stamina. Some guys grew lazy when women were willing to do all the work. They felt that getting hard was all they had to do. Some guys even felt that it was a woman’s job to get him hard, and if she couldn’t do it, she had somehow failed him. They would just lay there and expect a woman to do everything. That would never be me. When the time came, I would always work up a sweat so that I could satisfy my ladies perfectly.

“Ahhhn! Ahhhn! Yes! Noah! Ahhhh!” Samantha couldn’t hold back after being rammed so many times. “I’m cumming!”

I held on tightly and shoved myself deep inside her. Since Abigail got the last loud, this loud would be all for Samantha. I exploded deep inside her. My cock was swelling and exploding as hot white juice filled up her womb. I wasn’t sure about the fertility situation when it came to the girls. It was usually up to the girl to choose how to keep themselves from getting pregnant. That was at least one thing in this world that made sense to me more than my world. If it was a woman’s body and she was the one who would get pregnant, then it was ultimately her responsibility to worry about preventing pregnancy.

With the gender roles reversed, this was a situation where things didn’t just flip. It didn’t become men who got stuck with the kid and women who could act promiscuous. My mom who had decided to take care of me was a rare situation. In this world, responsibility just fell completely on the woman. It was only the man’s role to take care of the child if he wanted to. That said, if he did want to be part of the child’s life, he had a bit more legal recourse than women did. This issue was as hotly debated here as in my world. Perhaps it was just because I was a man, but I did feel like it was fairer.

The three of us finished up just as the next bell rang. Samantha and Abigail left the locker room without looking at each other. It was clear that their relationship had changed a little bit. They had been with me together for the first time. Not only had they gone down on my cock together, but they were extremely close during sex. Abigail had even gotten off on watching Samantha get pounded. Things were bound to change.

I gave each of the girls a kiss, starting with Abigail and then Samantha. That was all the time we had before the hallways were filled and we couldn’t do anything without the entire school knowing. Thankfully, the hallway closet was closed and no one was the wiser.

“Are you busy tonight?” Samantha asked.

“You want me again already?” I asked.

Her face turned red. “It’s not that… it’s just… I thought you could come to dinner.”

“Hey, it’s not your night!” Abigail protested.

“Y-you can come too.” She responded stiffly. “It’s not anything big. Dad doesn’t trust me alone with Noah, but if there is another girl there, she wouldn’t suspect…”

Abigail’s mouth fell open, but she didn’t seem to be able to find the words to reply. Things had changed between them. I would have liked to have seen how things went with the three of us, but I didn’t have the time that night. I had made other plans.

I shook my head sadly. “Sorry, I have somewhere I need to be after school. I’ll have to do a raincheck, okay?”

“Y-yeah… it’s fine.” Samantha looked a little disappointed, but she didn’t press the issue.

Abigail shrugged as if it was no big deal. I waved them both a farewell and then took off to my next class. I was lucky that my next class was Gym. I didn’t have to wander into the middle of a class to explain why I was late, nor did I have to go around smelling like sex. I was able to quickly shower up and get into my gym outfit while my other one aired out. Gym was super easy. The gym coach was a girl and any guy who smiled at her seemed to get an immediate A. She was much harder on the other girls, and she made work three times as hard for the same grade.

The school day continued and I ended up in Ms. Devon’s class. Ms. Devon was Mrs. Devon, although she told the boys she was miss likely so she could continue to flirt with them. I knew firsthand she was a deviant though who would sleep with her students. That’s because we had a bit of a messy affair which I ended a few weeks prior. Compared to Samantha’s mother, our relationship had ended on a pretty decent note. I had been afraid she’d retaliate, and while my grades did suffer, she hadn’t done anything particularly bad.

Then again, if I spoke, I could destroy her life a lot more than she could affect mine. I had considered revealing that one of my teachers was a predator, but I ultimately decided not to. She had come onto me at first, but I decided to leave things as they were. I still felt a bit uncomfortable in her class, even if she did a good job of ignoring me and pretending our past didn’t happen.

Nearing the end of class, she started passing back papers. When she reached my desk, she very deliberately stood in front of me. I looked down at the grade and blinked. I was really surprised to see that it was an A.

“I passed?” I asked before I could help myself.

A small smile flickered across her face. “You’ve been improving a lot lately. Perhaps… you made the right decision. Keep it up.”

She turned and walked away, and I could only stare. I suddenly remembered all of those naughty nights playing with her in the teacher’s office in the back. I imagined her naked and was thinking she was pretty sexy at that moment. Maybe, we could… I shook my head aggressively from those thoughts. That would put me back into the same bad situation I had only recently escaped from. Instead, I took my grade and smiled. I really could put my life back together, no matter how messed up it was.

There was a buzz from my phone which had been sitting right next to my paper, and seeing it caused that smile to drop. I was moving forward. However, there was one last thing I had to do. I had been putting it off for so long, but it was time to finish this. I grabbed the phone and left the school. I had one last person I had to confront. I had to confront my father.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 127
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Learning the truth from my mother had closed the distance between us substantially. There was a time when I disliked my sisters and found my mother annoying. I had never realized how much those sisters of mine worried about me, or how much my mother had to sacrifice for me. Finding out that truth had brought us together in ways I never could have imagined in my previous life.

However, knowing the truth about my birth also left me with discomfort deep inside. Before I could finally move on with my life, I needed to resolve that part of my life. I had to learn the truth behind it from the source. In short, that meant that I needed to have a final confrontation with my father.

I already suspected that I knew the kind of person that my father was. He wasn’t a hero or a saint. He wasn’t a victim or someone worthy of pity.

I had to know if he was my real father. Although a woman had tossed a baby at him which he had accepted to spite my mother, it was possible that we weren’t related at all. She could have slept with any number of men, and specifically chosen my dad to ditch me on. Dad could have taken a baby that wasn’t his out of spite. There were many possibilities, and if any of them turned out to be true, it’d change my relationship will all of my sisters in an instant.

If dad wasn’t dad, then none of my sisters would be my sisters. I already knew that I shared no blood with my mother or Mackenzie. I wasn’t mom’s child, and Mackenzie came from mom and some unknown man. That didn’t make me see Mackenzie any different. She was still my sister. In that respect, knowing if the other girls were biologically related to me or not really shouldn’t change anything, yet I still felt the need to know.

It wasn’t something that I could approach with logic. I knew how I felt about my family, and I didn’t see that changing even with this revelation, yet I still needed to know before I could move on.

Thus, I needed to meet with dad one last time. First, I’d confront him, but I wouldn’t leave it with just that. I also wanted to get a sample from him and do a DNA test. Only when the results came in would I know for sure.

Me: Dad?

Me: Are you there?

Me: I wanted to talk about something important.

Me: …

Dad: Oh! Noah! It’s been forevs!

Me: Why did you take so long to respond?

Dad: Busy. Boy stuff. How’s it going? Whatcha need?

Me: Can we meet?

Dad: Bout what? When?

Me: I’d like to meet tonight.

Dad: Now you’re taking a long time to respond. LOL.

I took a breath as I read the messages leading up to this point. At first, dad had taken a long time to respond, but then I had gotten cold feet and hadn’t set up a date. Taking a deep breath, I gave him a time and a place. It was another five minutes until a response finally came.

Dad: Be there.

I took a deep breath and then responded with my affirmation. Just like that, I would be seeing my dad that night. The bell rang and I left class. Mackenzie gave me a ride home. Mom had bought a new car thanks to her promotion, and she had handed down the old car to Mackenzie. It normally would have gone to Dawn, but Dawn wanted Mom’s help with some equipment to start her photography career and refused the car as a result. Mackenzie swore she’d help lend rides and take the pressure off of mom. Of course, I had wanted to get a car too, but I wanted to buy my own and not depend on my mom’s charity any longer.

In the meantime, we had a second car now. The twins were busy with after-school activities. Mackenzie would have to come to pick them up later, but for the moment, it was just her and me. The ride was very quiet. I was lost in my thoughts, so I barely noticed Mackenzie shooting me side looks.

“Noah, is everything alright?” She asked. “You seem quiet today.”

She wasn’t the most talkative girl, and I was never particularly talkative either. Normally, it wouldn’t be a big deal if we drove in silence, but she still seemed to notice that something was wrong. I couldn’t tell her I was going to see dad. She’d likely tell everyone else and it’d be a giant mess. Besides, she wasn’t even related to that man. I didn’t want to drudge up bad history for my sister. This was something I had to handle on my own.

“Nothing.” I tried to put a smile on my face. “I’m just thinking about what panties you’re wearing right now.”

Mackenzie stiffened. “Wh-what does my underwear have to do with anything?”

“I thought you might have something sexy on for me.” I grinned mischievously. “Don’t tell me you’re wearing used granny panties right now?”

Her face turned red. “I’ve been at school all day! Of course, they’re used. Besides, I can’t wear anything nice at school. If the other girls see it, I’ll never hear the end of it.”

“Is that so?” My hand fell on her thigh, and I wasted no time rubbing the area between her legs through her pants.

“W-wait, brother… why aren’t you listening.” Her voice became heavier. “When we get home, I’ll clean up and wear whatever you want.”

“What’s the fun in that?” I leaned over and sucked her neck.

“W-we’re in public.” She protested although she didn’t resist as she kept both hands on the wheel.

“Who looks at people in a car?” I chuckled, my hand starting to undo her pants.

“It’s dirty down there.” She protested. “I had gym today, and I didn’t take a shower.”

I leaned closer and sniffed. “Mmm… sister is fragrant right now.”

“Ahhh! Why did I end up having such a pervert for a brother?” She spoke teary-eyed, raising her shoulder to her neck to keep me from continuing to sniff.

“You love it.” I purred just as my hand finally made it into her panties and found the wet flesh underneath.

“Ahhh… fuck…” She moaned, her body shivering as my fingers found their way inside her. “Hah… I need… to drive…”

There weren’t too many people on the road we were driving on, and she had taken her foot off the gas as my fingers worked their way in and out of her. She wasn’t necessarily horny, but she was sweaty down there and it made it easy to get started. Mackenzie had instinctively spread her legs, letting me have even more access. She ended up pulling over to the side of the road and putting it in the park. With that, she gave over and let me do what I wanted with her.

“Noah… I love you…” she panted as she kissed my lips.

If anyone from her school happened to look in the car at that moment, it would have destroyed both of our reputations. Well, my reputation was already in the dumps, and my sisters had gotten a bit of a hit too. At some point, I probably would need to work on that, but at the moment I was preoccupied with other things.

“You’re so wet.” I teases, my fingers, moving in and out of her quickly enough that a wet schlicking sound filled my ears.

“Hah… yes… there… there… fuck… I’m cumming!” As Mackenzie orgasmed, her hips rose off the seat and out of her chair.

If she didn’t have her seat belt on, she might have ended up humping the stirring wheel. Her mouth hungrily kissed mine and her hands ran over my body as she climaxed. When she finally collapsed back on her seat, panting for breath, there was a honk of a horn. Although she had pulled over, she had picked a spot in her rush where there was another car on the opposite side of the road and it created enough of a break that we were technically blocking the road. Mackenzie let out an embarrassing cry and then quickly set the car to drive.

The windows were a bit foggy, so the person behind us probably didn’t see much of what we were doing. They could probably guess from the shapes, but it wouldn’t have looked like anything more than a couple making out. It would have been impossible for them to guess we were brother and sister. As our car drove off and they thankfully took another turn, things calmed down. I sniffed my fingers covertly. My sister had been a bit fragrant today. Perhaps, she did need a shower.

Mackenzie got control of her hard breathing, shooting me a side look. “You’re so naughty, Noah.”

Although she said that accusingly, she drove with only one hand on the wheel. Her other hand went into my lap where she reached for the tent on my pants. With one driving, the other stroked me through my pants aggressively. Occasionally, Mackenzie would look away from the road and down at me with a hungry desire in her eyes. My sister was still hungry for more.

That waited until we reached the house. No sooner did she pull into the driveway than she lowered her head and pulled out my dick. She sucked me off right in the passenger seat. I was already pretty excited about fingering her, and it didn’t take long until I released a load down her throat. Mackenzie swallowed it all hungrily. Only once she savored my load did she seem to relax in contentment. When we entered inside, we were immediately greeted by Bethany.

“What took you so long to get home?” Bethany demanded with her hands on her hips.

Bethany’s school let out before ours by a little bit, so unless she had extra-curricular activities, she would be the first one home.

“Nothing!” Mackenzie responded.

However, Bethany wasn’t as naïve as she once was. Her eyes immediately noticed a wet spot in the front of Mackenzie’s pants and then wrinkled her nose.

“Brother, you shouldn’t let these horny sluts trick you into putting out so much!” Bethany whined. “It’s not good for a boy to be too provocative.”

Mackenzie let out a cry. “Th-that’s not true! H-he came on to me!”

Bethany shot Mackenzie a scathing look of disbelief before turning to me. “See? She’s even going to speak bad things about my beautiful and innocent big brother.”

“I-innocent!” Mackenzie sputtered.

Bethany grabbed my arm. “If any of our sisters bully you, just come to me from now on. I’ll keep you safe.”

“Oh?” I raised an eyebrow, pushing closer to her. “But can you keep me satisfied?”

“I-I will!” She responded. “I-I’ve been reading about it, and I even watched a video and learned some techniques.”

“Oh? A video?” I acted impressed.

Mackenzie hugged her chest and sighed. “Are you reading more of those teenage girl magazines? How to satisfy a boy? That stuff will rot your brain, and boys don’t even like half that stuff.”

“Hmph! Shows what you know. While you girls just keep harassing brother like horny hoes, I’m the one he’ll feel most comfortable with.”

After the gaming competition, Bethany ended up going in a strange direction. She had started to idolize me. Where the other girls accepted my nature, she seemed to think I was innocent and chaste, despite all evidence to the contrary. She seemed to be trying to become a White Knight for me. I’d have to correct her attitude eventually, but it’s kind of cute for certain reasons.

“I do…” I pushed up against Bethany even more, pulling a banana off the counter. “But I’m very curious about these techniques. Can you demonstrate with this?”

I couldn’t let the girls know where I was going tonight, so I tried to keep things between us the same as usual. In a few hours, when no one suspected anything, I’d need to sneak away.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 125
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Hah… don’t you know when you kiss a girl like that, she just can’t control herself?” Samantha gasped.

“Is that so?” I chuckled, grabbing her butt with one hand and one of her boobs with the other. “What about when I do this?”

I pushed my groin against her, shoving my erection against her jean pants in the area roughly between her legs. She let out a moan.

“You’re making this so hard.” She whimpered.

“Well, that’s obvious.” I chuckled, kissing her neck roughly enough that it would leave a mark.

“You’re so bad for me…” Samantha breathed hard. “How did that innocent little boy I knew as a child become such a sex-hungry man.”

“Isn’t it because of you?” I asked in between kisses that were lowering down to her chest and slowly sinking under her shirt.

“H-how can that be? Haaah… ahh…” She moaned, her legs weakening. “So, naughty…”

“Hehe… I’m the guy your dad is afraid of.” I teased.

“What are you saying? My dad loves you.” She snorted.

“Really, even after…” I stopped myself as I realized mentioning such things would kill the mood.

“Hey…” She reached out and grabbed my chin. “He doesn’t blame you. Rather, he’s just glad you’re safe. So am I. You’re my boy, and I’m going to take care of you, okay?”

When I stared helplessly, she took that as me being speechless, and then used the opportunity to kiss me on the lips, her own hands fondling me grabbing at my dick and rubbing it through my pants. I supposed I kind of was speechless, but not for the reasons she thought. I was just once again marveling at this world’s backward logic. While even I admitted Samantha’s mom had come onto me strongly, I could also say I had led her on quite a bit. Yet, despite their marriage being destroyed, and Samantha losing her mom, she cared more about me and my well-being. I couldn’t even imagine such a situation flying in my old world.

“If you keep rubbing that, then I might need to stick it somewhere wet and dark.” I teased her as her machination made me even more turned on.

“Oh? Don’t hold back.” Samantha’s eyes flashed eagerly. “You can stick it anywhere you want.”

She was just reaching for her pants belt when the door suddenly opened, flooding light into the small closet. The both of us turned to the door, shielding our eyes until it adjusted. Standing in the doorway was Abigail, tapping her foot.

“I knew you were up to no good!” She made a face. “Skipping class to make out in a closet? Really?”

I couldn’t help but be affected by her words. I was trying to do better in school. However, with so many horny sisters at home, it was hard to find time to spend with my girlfriends. Furthermore, those girlfriends also had to split their time separately with me, so I had to find time for all three of them. It wasn’t fair for anyone.

“I’m… sorry…” I gave a heartfelt apology.

She responded with a decisive nod. “Good, in the future, you can remember that you should bring me in the closet instead of this bitch.”

“I’m sorry, what did you say?” Samantha demanded.

“Hey, guys, instead of fighting over me all the time, can’t we just all get along?” I asked.

“Noah, stay out of this.” Abby snapped.

“This is between me and this bitch.” Samantha added.

Abby pushed her way into the room, letting the closet door close all three of us in the space about the size of a bathroom without the bath. Samantha didn’t step down, pushing me to the side as she confronted Abby head-on. Abigail pushed forward, her chest shoving against Samantha’s chest. Both girls had decent-sized chests, but Abigail beat her slightly in this respect. However, Abigail was shorter, so she had to get on her tippy toes to reach.

The two girls smashed their chests together while glaring at each other threateningly. I found myself staring at their chests for a moment before I snapped out of it. This wasn’t a time for getting lost in a lesbian fantasy. I had already enjoyed several such fantasies using my twin sisters, something they made me sweat to never tell anyone ever. It wasn’t the fact they were fucking their brother that gave them pause, but that someone might think they were gay about it.

Abigail and Samantha weren’t twins though, and they hadn’t reconciled their differences even after all of this time. They always very nearly came to blows, and I was stuck between them. Actually, given how they were smashing their boobs together, I rather wished I was between them. I only rarely got that treatment from the twins, and my girlfriends were both a bit bustier than my younger sisters. Both girls were just as pretty to me though and I loved them both. Why did they need to keep having this pissing contest? I wished they could get over their rivalry when it came to me. My sisters had all reached a happy balance, so why couldn’t my girlfriends?

The girls lifted their arms and were starting to shove each other. I had a feeling if they did come to blows, we’d all end up hurt. I decided I’d need to take control before things came to blows. With only a few moments of thought, I took my hands and plunged them down into each girl’s pants. Samantha’s pants had already been undone, and Abigail was thankfully wearing something loose today, so my hands went right in.

I was getting good at this kind of thing and even managed to bypass their underwear on the first go. I felt two hands slide down two different fur patches to find those sweaty slits below. Of course, both girls were a bit sweaty. I had already gotten Samantha worked up earlier so she was probably still wet, and Abigail was always a bit of a pervert so I had no doubt she’d get horny quick too. I didn’t hesitate to dive my fingers into two twats at once.

The girls who had been shoving against each other diverted their bodies toward me nearly instinctively. They were so used to my hand that their hips turned and their legs spread open before their minds even realized what was happening. The realization only happened a moment later as both girls turned to me in shock.

“N-noah!” Samantha moaned.

“Wh-what are you doing?” Abigail added.

“I told you that I’m enough man for both of you already.” I declared. “Now, I’m going to show you.”

Without worrying about their permission, my fingers started to work aggressively, rubbing both girls on the clitoris. They both abandoned their attack on each other, leaning back awkwardly against the wall of the closet as I finger-bang them both.

“Haah… it’s not about that.” Samantha breathed.

“You don’t understand.” Abby panted.

“Oh?” I asked. “Did you want me to stop?”

As I asked that, I sped up the speed of my fingers, and wet squishy noises sounded out from both girls revealing their true horniness, even if they wanted to deny it.

“Fuck. Fuck…” Samantha moaned with her eyes pinched close.

“Haaah… Noah… damn you’ve gotten good at this.” Abby clenched her teeth.

Both girls trembled in pleasure, but how could I leave them off with just that? I slid two fingers into each girl and used the thumb to press against their clits. They were both extremely wet, and the smell of their lewdness filled the small closet instantly. It smelled thick with horny pussy, a smell I had grown very familiar with after living with my sisters for so long.

Had I ever smelled that scent before the change? I think I did. How many times had my sisters either just masturbated or were super horny when I showed up. I seemed to recall times they would kick me out of their room angrily when I just barged in. I used to think it was just because they were bitchy sisters. Knowing what I knew now though, it was probably because they were playing with themselves and almost got caught.

“F-fine… just don’t fucking look at me.” Samantha shot Abigail a hateful look.

“Who’d look at you? Don’t even touch me.” Abigail shot back.

Both girls finally reached a point of no return. Most people had them. There was a level of arousal that once you reached it, all you cared about was getting off. Someone would accept quite a long list of, depravity, debasement, and discomfort as long as they got off in the end. There was a point where a guy would do just about anything for pussy, and women had a similar point where dick became the only thing on their mind.

Since my girls wanted to be finished, I was happy to oblige. I temporarily took my hands out of each girl’s pants, licked them, and then slid them back in at a better angle. My girlfriends each had a unique taste. Samantha tasted a little saltier, while Abigail was a bit more pungent. I was starting to get a good sense of their individual smells. At my current rate, one day, I’d be able to tell all of my girl’s pussies with just a whiff. As I plunged in, both girls spread themselves openly without resistance.

“Haah… ahhhhn…. Fuck… Noah…” Samantha was writhing, her hips humping my hand as her hands roamed up and down her body.

Samantha was always a more active lover, and it was pretty hot watching her squirm and writhe against me. Even if I stopped moving my hand, she’d hump it to climax like a horny dog. It was kind of cute. Abigail’s response was different. She didn’t move as much. Her hand grabbed onto my wrist, and her thighs would clamp down tightly around my hand whenever she got close. There would occasionally be a rush of liquid that would squirt down my wrist as she gushed in pleasure. Her movements were far more restrained but in some ways even lewder.

My hands were working so hard that a continuous wet slushing noise filled the room alongside their moans and gasps. My wrists were starting to get sore, but I didn’t dare slow down. By the sound of it, I knew both girls were about to orgasm. I was a little curious which girl would climax first. That’s when I noticed the two girls were holding hands. They were clinging to each other, their hands tightening as the pair tried to fight back from orgasming. Smiling darkly, I slid a third finger into their wet cooches and started flicking my fingers up and down rapidly.

“Ahhhn! Aaaaa fuck… Cumming…” Samantha moaned, her body writhing against the wall wildly.

“Yes… yes… fuck… yes!” Abigail bent over her body trembling in pleasure.

They raised their clenched hands in unison, their arms shaking as they were both squeezed so hard their hands turned red. I kept with the speed even as liquid splashed wilding over my hands, soaking their underwear and making wet spots right through their pants. Both girls looked like they had completely pissed themselves. They finally both fell back against the wall, gasping for breath. I pulled out my hands, which were a bit pruny and wet, but also sore and tired.

As I rubbed my wrists, the two girls recovered their breaths. Any anger or jealousy on their face was gone. They were so easy. Once girls had an orgasm, there was just nothing else on their brains. The two girls finally turned toward each other, and I felt a momentary fear that they would suddenly be at each other’s throats again. However, there seemed to be a look of understanding between them. Both girls moved at the same time, grabbing my pants and yanking them to the ground.

“H-hey!” I cried out in surprise. “What are you doing?”

Both girls had already gotten on their knees and were grabbing at my dick.

“We’re just returning the favor.” Samantha declared.

“Don’t think about it,” Abigail added.

Samantha turned to Abigail. “Balls or dick.”

“Dick,” Abigail responded.

The two girls raised their hands and then shook them three times. On the third go, Abigail made a fist, while Samantha put out a scissors with her hand.

“Yeah!” Abigail pumped her fist.

Samantha rolled her eyes. “Balls it is.”

She raised my cock which was hard and then went for the balls. Abigail took the head of my cock in her mouth.

D-did we just have a breakthrough?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 128
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was already dark by the time I was able to sneak out of the house. I had become pretty good at it after countless nights of practice. I also found that all of my sisters had become extremely heavy sleepers who took a lot to wake up. Serious, you could stick the tip of your cock in their mouth and they would suck on it until you came, and then they’d swallow it all without even waking up, even after they choked on it a little. Um… not that I ever tried that.

I checked my phone and confirmed the place. I had selected a place that was close enough that I could walk there. The bus wouldn’t be running this late, and I wasn’t going to ask anyone to drive me and risk letting people know where I was going. I intended to meet with my father and be gone before anyone knew what happened. I just needed some of his DNA to do the test, and that was it.

I started walking down the street. With the streetlight as my guide, I headed down several blocks. As the night continued, I could hear the sound of crickets along the bushes and the occasional revving of an engine in the distance. This was a route I had walked hundreds of times by myself, even at night, but something felt off this time. My heart was beating a bit faster, and I found myself looking over my shoulder a bit more.

It took me a while to realize the difference. The last time I had walked this path had been before the world was changed. I was just a guy walking around in the dark. However, now that the role was reversed, it’d be like a young teenage girl walking around at night. I was in a world surrounded by potential predators, and by being out I was only asking for trouble.

It was very strange how my mentality seemed to flip with just that. I hadn’t seen any suspicious-looking women. Heck, I hadn’t seen anyone except at a distance. Yet, I found myself far more nervous just because of the role reversal. Was I being followed? I almost swore I could hear another set of footsteps behind me as I walked. I shook my head. It had to be imagining things. It was just an echo.

I shoved my hands into my pockets and lifted my hood, quickening my footsteps as I tried to move ahead. A car passed by, and it was only because of the headlights that I was able to see that a homeless person was kneeling in the alleyway in front of me. They were crouched down strangely, and it looked like they had been waiting for me to pass. A chill run up and down my spine, and I started to move away from the alley. The person seemed to realize I had seen them, and they suddenly dashed me.

I immediately put up my hands, ready to fight as the person raced at me, stumbling several steps back into the street. Just as they reached me, they stopped short, grabbed their coat, and then opened it. In front of me was the naked body of a woman. She wasn’t wearing anything. She was probably in her fifties and her breasts sagged and she was a bit lumpy. Compared to my mother’s great figure, this woman was pretty nasty looking. She shook her tits at me for a few moments, and then with a laugh she spun around and ran away, diving back into the alley.

My mouth was slightly agape and I stood there staring at the darkness for a few moments. The image of her naked body was still seared into my mind, and it wasn’t a pleasant image. I imagined my girlfriend naked, but her image kept popping up. It took several minutes and eventually using the image of my mom’s seductive body before I was able to dispel such a sight. A horn honked, causing me to jump.

A car had driven up, and the people honked to notify me I was standing in the street. I wasn’t far enough into the street that they couldn’t have driven around, but they decided to scare the shit out of me anyway. I started to flip them off as they drove by, but I stopped myself. I recalled once again that I was on my walking in the dark, and that I didn’t have the room to afford to piss off a bunch of people. This was a problem I never would have worried about as a guy unless I was walking around downtown a big city, but suddenly that same danger was associated with the business area a few blocks from my suburban home.

Shaking myself out of my daze, I continued on my way. I eyed the alleyway as I passed it, but it was completely dark and I couldn’t see the woman who had flashed me earlier. I couldn’t believe we had a flasher so close to home, but then again, I had never had to deal with such a thing before. I thought that maybe I should report it to the police, but I didn’t know what to say. I realized that in the moment of being flashed, I had never bothered to even look at their face. I wouldn’t be able to describe them in the slightest. I could describe their body, but that wouldn’t help the police, and that would force me to have to remember the view.

I felt like there was a time when I would have been excited if any woman flashed me. I’d have been so happy to see naked breasts and a pussy that even if it came from some old lady, it would have been hot. That was no longer the case. I had lucked out and had a lot of beautiful women around me, and my standards had seemingly grown. Then again, I also valued those women not for their beauty, but because of other reasons. I cared about them and they cared about me. In reality, mom’s body probably wasn’t that much better than this strange woman’s, but she was a woman I loved, and that made all the difference. No, mom was still hotter, but the sentiment was still there.

Having such innocuous thoughts, I made my way the rest of the way to my destination, which was none other than the place I worked. I didn’t live that far away from the restaurant, and they were open until 3 in the morning, meaning that I could stop by. Anna usually offered me a ride, and when we didn’t share shifts, usually someone else came through, but the place wasn’t far enough that I needed to worry too much if I had to walk. Well, my opinion may have started to change after running into the flasher.

Either way, I wasn’t taking any risks. That’s why I chose to meet my dad in a public place I was familiar with. I didn’t know most of the waiters that worked at night, so there was no one to tattle on me to Anna. Anna also didn’t do very well with the guys. They thought it was cute I was dating her, but they said she was a bit too geeky for their tastes. Thus, no one would tell her that I was out late. Besides, I was meeting a man, which was even less noticeable. I had no clue what they were talking about when it came to Anna, but I long gave up on trying to understand the tastes of men in my current world.

Entering the bright restaurant, I had to squint a few times to get used to the brighter lighting. I felt a bit better as soon as I got in, but my eyes instantly fell on my father. He had chosen to sit at the bar. I made a face, but as I walked up to him and he noticed me, I quickly hid such expressions.

“Oh, hey, kiddo!” He cried out as I came up, his voice just a bit slurred as he held up a drink. “Oh, sorry, you took a while so I started without you.”

The bartender looked at me. “He said you were paying and I should put it on your tab? We don’t even have a tab, but he said you worked here and insisted…”

I winced but nodded. “It’s fine, I’m good for it.”

“Would you like a drink?” Dad asked. “Ah, you know what’s good? A Sex on the Beach.”

“Dad… no.” I sat down next to him. “I’m under age.”

“I won’t tell if you don’t.” He spoke under his breath, but clear enough that the bartender could still hear.

Bartenders heard all kinds of things, so he didn’t react. However, he was watching me while waiting for my order.

“Ah, just a diet is fine.” I coughed awkwardly before turning back to dad. “When I told you I worked here, it wasn’t permitted to set up a tab.”

“Oh, don’t be such a sourpuss.” Dad laughed. “This is a joyous event! My little boy is growing up. Buying your dad a drink with your own money should be an honor.”

“An honor…” I responded, my voice filled with disgust.

When dad had first come back, I had to admit that I had still felt something of an admiration for him. I had felt like he was the smart one who had managed to get away from a family overflowing with estrogen. He was my father, and as much as I hated to admit it, he had always held a special place in my heart.

Yet, I wasn’t an idiot. I had come to realize what kind of guy my dad was. He was careless, selfish, and foolish. He had broken into our house to steal money, and he was the kind of guy who felt like everyone else owed him. Had he been in my life, I knew that my life would have been worse off it. He likely would have raised me only as an extension of himself. He’d have expected me to take care of him his entire life when it should have been the opposite.

He had grown into the kind of man that I didn’t want to be. I realized now after everything that I might have ended up just like my dad. I might have spent my entire life as a self-serving asshole who just cared about women superficially and just lived for his happiness. I was glad that I had experienced such a wake-up call. It had shown me who I was, and who my father was as well.

Seeing him at that point, all I could feel was disgust. He had abandoned my mother and several of his children all so that he could live a life of partying, drinking, and drugs while acting like he was still a teenager. Meanwhile, my mother who wasn’t even biological had done everything for me. She had spent her entire life raising and loving me. I loved her, and I would take care of her and the rest of my family. I would be the man my father never could.

“So, what do you say, kiddo?” Dad juggled and shook his jar.

“This was a mistake.” I sighed.

I had felt a gnawing inside me. I needed an answer. I thought I needed to know if my dad was my dad and if my sisters were my sisters. Yet, after a single look at my dad, I had my answer. He wasn’t my dad. He never had been. Yet, the girls were my family, and biological or not, it didn’t matter anymore. They were mine.

“Hmm? What’s that?”

“Nothing… enjoy your tab. This is the last one you’ll open in my name.” I turned around and walked out of the restaurant.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 129
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once I was in the parking lot, I was looking out into the dimly-lit streets beyond. I suddenly didn’t feel like walking home was such a good idea. I pulled out my phone and then started writing a text to my mom. No one knew where I was and had suddenly realized how dumb that was. I had told myself that I was just visiting my dad. My dad was a family member, so it wasn’t like I was alone.

However, I felt the clean cut between my father and me. At best we’d be acquaintances in the future. As for everything else, I was now on my own. If I sent mom my message, then she’d know I snuck out. I wouldn’t just get cussed out by her, but I was sure to hear about it from my sisters too. It felt extremely annoying, but it was time to grow up.

“Noah.”

My body stiffened as I heard my name. I looked up from my phone and shot dad a look. He had left the restaurant and stood there with an awkward look on his face. A younger me would have felt sorry for him. I would have looked at him hopefully, expecting some kind of true affection to come from him. I no longer held such expectations.

“What do you want?” I asked coldly.

“Ah… it’s late out. Why don’t I give you a ride home?” He offered.

“You’ve been drinking,” I responded. “Don’t worry, I’ll get a ride.”

“Actually…” He scratched the back of his head. “I was hoping we could talk about something…”

“What something?” I asked.

“Money.” He coughed.

“Figures.” I couldn’t help but make a face. “I’m done helping you with money. Haven’t you already taken enough from me? From mom?”

“That’s just it!” Dad took a step forward, and the hesitated. “Um… The money I borrowed from your mother. I want to give it back.”

“You didn’t borrow it. You stole it.”

“You said I could take it though?” He gave such an innocent look, one could almost believe he honestly thought that.

Dad seemed to have a convenient way of interpreting things. I had mine. I wasn’t going to argue with him. I no longer wanted to deal with him at all.

“Just mail the money to mom.” I shrugged.

“I can’t do that…” He responded. “If I send your mother the money, then she’ll have proof I took it. She could press charges…”

“She wouldn’t do that.”

“I’d rather not deal with your mother again, and I also have a feeling she doesn’t want to deal with me. Even if I gave it to her, she’d probably rip it up or throw it out. She’d never take the money.” He explained.

He was right about that. Mom would not want to take anything that Dad gave her. She would rather throw the money in the trash than feel like he had anything on her. Dad could spin it around and make it seem like she accepted money from him and owed him or something.

“What do you want?” I asked cautiously.

“I have the envelope in the back of my car. I just want you to take it.” Dad responded, his thumb pointing over his shoulder. “I can even pay off my tab.”

“How did you earn it?”

“Ah… that… it’s not stolen if that’s what you’re asking.”

“How?” I snapped.

“I worked tables at the strip club, okay?” He huffed.

“You’re a stripper?” I felt almost like gagging.

“No!” He denied it, and when I raised an eyebrow he looked away. “I said I was a waiter. Too old to strip. That’s what I was told. Still, some of the boys would share their tips with us. After all, we’re the ones getting our asses grabbed all night.”

I didn’t even want to imagine the kind of woman who was going after my dad. The idea of him wearing some kind of provocative getup made me nauseous. Then again, I wasn’t sure I could complain. I was a waiter who got their butt pinched plenty of times. I even once gave a woman sex for money, although it had been sex first, and money second.

I didn’t feel myself warming up to dad. If anything, it just made me more determined not to end up like him.

“If I take the money, we’re done? You’ll leave me and my family alone? You won’t stop by, break in, call or have anything to do with any of us. Not mom, not my sisters. Okay?”

It had started as a request but ended as an order. Dad didn’t seem affected by this. He nodded enthusiastically in acceptance. I let out a little sigh. If this was the end, then I could just take the money. I probably would use it to buy mom something nice. She wouldn’t have to know any of it came from dad. Maybe, I could take the family on vacation or something. Of course, I’d be putting a lot of my own money into it too. I finally gave him a short nod, crossing my arms.

He let out a breath, a smile forming on his lips. “Come on, then, it’s just over here.”

I followed dad as he led me down the side of the building. I frowned slightly as I followed him, as there was less light than in front of the restaurant. I looked around cautiously as I approached the car. Dad fumbled with the keys in front of his beat-up car. It was a rusty beater covered in dents and scratches. The inside was filled with trash. I peeked into the backseat, and all I could see were food wrappers and discarded mail. It was impossible to see this money of his. I supposed it was a good way to hide it by leaving it so messy no one could find it.

“Go on,” Dad stated, his hand gesturing impatiently to the backdoor.

I reached out for the door, but then I suddenly had a premonition. I glanced at dad. He seemed to be shaking, and his face was a bit sweaty despite it being rather cool out.

“Why don’t you get it? I can’t find anything in this junk.”

“No, you, I insist!” There was a flash as his eyes glanced behind me.

I tried to spin around, only for something to slam against me. I fell forward, my head hitting the window. I felt hands grabbing my arms and pulling them behind my head. I kicked off from the door, shoving away from the car, but I felt the bodies of more than one person pushing back. A moment later, a hand went around my face. There was a cloth on it, and I could smell something astringent.

I couldn’t help but gasp, but as I breathed the pungent material burned my throat. The sudden shock of being grabbed caused my breathing to increase, and even while my brain screamed at me to hold my breath, my panicked mind didn’t listen. The energy seemed to stream out of me, and I could only struggle a few more helpless tugs before my legs gave out. As I fell, my eyes landed on my dad. He was staring at me flatly, with no emotion on his face. Then, I passed out.

I fell into murky darkness. There were a few moments that I started to wake up. I could hear the voices of several women. I was in the back of a car, not my dad’s. My hand reached for my cellphone, but I realized it was no longer in my pocket. My wallet was gone too.

“He’s awake!”

“Knock him out.” I felt a wet cloth cover my mouth again, and I was soon unconscious again.

When my eyes opened again, my head was throbbing. I didn’t know how long I had been out, but I could barely think. I was in a dark room. I tried to move, and my hands and feet encountered resistance. There was the sound of metal clanking. I blinked a few more times, trying to will my headache to decrease. I needed to think. After wiggling around a bit, I realized I was on a bed. I was in a bedroom, but it had been stripped of everything but the bed. There were thick curtains me from seeing outside. Most of all, I appeared to be chained to the bed.

I closed my eyes, trying to get my breath under control. I could hear a television in the next room over. There was a damp smell that wasn’t very pleasing to the nose. I heard a woman laugh. After a few moments, I heard the television turn off and then steps coming to the door. I hastily closed my eyes, pretending I was asleep. I could hear the door open. There were steps and I could feel someone walk up to the side of the bed and look down at me. I wanted to open my eyes and see who it was, but I felt a bit afraid too.

That’s when I felt a hand grab my pants. They fiddled with my pants a bit and then unzipped them. A hand reached in and pulled out my dick. Their hand was cold, but my body couldn’t help but react to the stimulation. I would have preferred if nothing happened, but my cock started to get hard in their hand.

“My… my… don’t we have a slutty boy on our hands.” I heard the woman say. “Not bad size too.”

As the girl spoke, her hand began to move up and down on my cock. Although she didn’t use any moisture, her hand seemed rather skilled, and she kept pulling the skin up and down in a way that led to pleasurable feelings. I didn’t want her to realize I was awake by crying out, so I had to struggle to keep from moving or making a noise. I had hoped the girl would get the board from a lack of response, but she didn’t. Instead, her hand only seemed to move faster and faster like she was just having fun playing with it.

The intense feelings being delivered by her hand were just too much. “AHhh… ahhh!”

I finally let out a cry through clenched teeth, and my cock started to erupt. I shot several white strands of hot spooge up into the air. The girl’s movements only slowed as I started cumming. My white stuff ended up all over her hand. I kept my eyes closed though. I knew it was almost childish at that point to pretend I had slept through it, but I did my best to appear like I was sleeping.

“Mmm…” I heard a voice filled with pleasure.

I only spared the slightest look at that moment, just opening my eyelashes slightly to peer at the woman. She was a woman in her twenties. I didn’t recognize her at all. She had lifted her fist, and a white stream of my spooge had slid out of it, dripping down. She held it over her head, and let it drip into her mouth. Her pleasure seemed to come from tasting my cum. I watched as she enthusiastically licked up the rest of the spooge and her hand as well.

Although I had intended to avoid it, the sight of her eating it all was rather erotic. She also wasn’t particularly ugly, so my body naturally reacted. When she finished eating it and looked down, she made a noise and I quickly shut my eyes again.

“Already erect again. He was right. You are a slut.” The girl giggled.

She leaned down and started to lick it all up. I was worried she’d go for another round, but she left it hard and only licked up the mess I made. When she was done, I felt her lean next to my heart. I felt her hot breath which smelled a bit like spunk next to my ear.

“Don’t worry. You’re going to get your fill of it. You’re going to be my newest call boy. Have a sweet dream. Tomorrow, we start training you.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 130
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I wanted to escape after the strange woman left, but the restraints on my arms and legs were not amateur work. Although her hand job had helped with my headache and woken me up, I still wasn’t able to get out of the chains holding me down. This was not the first time they had chained someone to this bed. Unable to move much and unable to get anything from the room I was lying in, my eyes grew heavy and I fell back asleep despite my best efforts.

“Wakey, wakey!”

I gasped at the feeling of cold water splashing on my face. As my eyes opened and I went from my fitful sleeping to awake, I could see a woman standing there holding a bucket. She started laughing as soon as she saw me try to pull on the restraints helplessly. I quickly stopped fighting as my mind woke up, and I looked at the woman standing over me with narrowed eyes.

From the voice, I could tell she was the girl from last night. In the light, I could see her better. She had numerous piercings on her face and a tattoo on her neck. She might have been pretty, except that the piercings and tattoos took away from her beauty. Then again, coming from a traditional family of girls, I hadn’t been exposed much to women who looked like that. The girl reached out and grabbed my leg. I didn’t react.

She nodded to herself. “Not bad, not bad. Most boys flinch or cry in this situation. You do understand the situation you’re in.”

“Yeah…” I responded, my voice tinged with anger. “He sold me out.”

“Well, it’s not like he had a choice.” She laughed. “Your precious daddy has been one of our boys for years. Unfortunately, we found he had been skimming some off the top and owed us money. We made a compromise and so he gave us his kid. Your father is right, you are rather cute.”

“He’s not my father anymore.” I frowned.

“Oh?” She looked at me mockingly. “Too bad, father and son to at once can sell for triple. Well, maybe we’ll have to move up to that.”

“I’m not going to work for you.” I spat.

“That is a pity. Your dad does owe up quite a bit.” She tapped her cheek.

“Then get it from him? If you want to cut off his dick and put his feet in concrete, that’s between you and him.” I growled.

“You don’t seem to understand the situation.” She moved closer to me but remained far enough that I couldn’t suddenly grab her if I wanted to. “We always get paid, and we’re not afraid of who we get it from.”

I was just about to say another snarky comment when she dropped a couple of pictures on my chest. I was able to lift my head enough that I could see what they were. They immediately made my blood turn cold. These were all images of my family. The top one was a picture of the entire family at a restaurant. Just under it was Bethany walking into her school. Then, there was one of Mackenzie doing the lawn.

“You…” I couldn’t say anything else.

The undertone was clear. They knew my family. Of course, they did. Dad would have told them everything. They could reach my family too. Whether it was at school or on the front lawn, they could reach them.

“The debt is going to be paid.” She replied. “If you’re not willing to help your father out, then we’ll get the money from someone else. We won’t treat them as gently as we’ve treated you. We’d never kill your dad, at least while his body still has use to us. The same will be for you. As long as you work properly, your family will be safe too.”

I gritted my teeth. What was I supposed to do? Even if I escaped, they knew where I lived. They could come and find me. Even if I told the cops, it wasn’t like they could protect us forever. At best, my entire family would be uprooted and we’d have to live under a false identity.

“Did you want to hear an interesting story?” The girl interrupted my thoughts as if she had just remembered something she had forgotten to say. “My boys hear a lot of things on the street. We like to know what’s going on, especially if competition appears. One of our Janes… that’s what we call women who will hire boys like you, she told one of our boys an interesting story. She was looking for a prostitute she had randomly driven by one day. She said they had a wild romp, and while the boy seemed a bit strange, it was the best fuck she had in years. She was trying to find that guy, and you’ll never guess the description they gave…”

I couldn’t help but go white. There was no way… The woman holding me broke into a laugh at my expression.

“Yes, we even know about that girl you fucked for money. Do you know what that proves? You were already a whore before I ever met you.” She laughed again. “So, don’t even think of going to the cops. No one will believe you’re being coerced since you’ve already got a history of banging Janes for money.”

She dropped something else on my chest, and I looked down to see it was an image of me entering the hotel with that man. It came from a motel security camera, so it wasn’t a great picture, but it was still suspicious. They had done their homework. I started to feel a bit sick.

“My… family…” I wasn’t even sure what I was going to say.

I had been depending on my family to clean up my messes, but this felt like something far over their heads. I could already see that there was a gun on the girl’s hip. It was hung so casually that it only showed just how at ease she was with it. It was worse this way than had she been brandishing it threateningly.

“Your family will assume the same. You’ve already been a bad little boy, haven’t you? You’re certainly not some virgin sweetheart. Your sisters probably know the truth. If they heard you were out fucking girls for money, they’d probably assume you were doing what you wanted. They’d pity you, but they certainly wouldn’t save you. No one is going to save you, do you understand?”

I wanted to tell her to go fuck off, but her words hit me in the worst place. Since the world flipped upside down, I had been acting irresponsibly. I had been so excited by a world that let me do whatever I wanted, that I didn’t even think of the consequences. I banged teachers, family, and even random people off the street. Maybe, I didn’t end up with a baby or an STD, but those kinds of things did have consequences. Perhaps, this was just the inevitable consequence of everything I had done.

I felt my eyes burning with unshed tears. “I just want to go home.”

I wasn’t talking about the house with my sisters. I was talking about my world. I wanted to go back to the world where men acted like men and women were women. It was a world where this very scene acting out was so ridiculous that people would only laugh at it. I didn’t know why this thought suddenly came to me. I had just managed to work things out with my family. I was getting my life together. Why did I want to leave?

That’s when it hit me. I still had another family. There was the family before the change. That was what came to my mind when I thought of my safe place. It was the family I had left to come to this other world.

A cruel expression formed on the woman’s lips as she leaned into my ear. “This is your home from now on.”

She reached down and unzipped my pants. Her hand pulled out my dick and she started playing with it. Her hands were just as skillful as the previous night, and I started to get hard no matter how much I tried to look away and pretend I wasn’t feeling it. This time though, the girl pulled down her pants and kicked them away. She stepped up onto the bed.

I could see her pubic hair had been shaved into an arrow that pointed straight to her pierced clit. She squatted over me, grabbing my dick and lining it with her slit. She rubbed the head of my dick against her clit for a bit. I could feel the head touching the cold metal of the bar piercing, which she rubbed around the head in circles. Despite myself, my breathing had become more haggard, and I found myself wanting to feel her pussy.

I wasn’t going to beg her like some kind of simp though. I merely gritted my teeth and glared at her as if I could get her to stop just by making her uncomfortable. She remained unaffected, chuckling lightly and then bending her knees, letting the head pop inside her. Her warm, moist insides instead swallowed up my cock, and she started bouncing up and down on me. The girl was quite lewd herself, and as she bounce up and down, her hands cupped her chest where she pulled on the piercing in her nipples.

Her movements came faster and faster, and despite my desire to hold back, I couldn’t as my dick began to swell. I could feel myself shooting a load into her pussy. Even as my dick throbbed out shot after shot, she continued to bounce up and down on it. It was only once it started to leak back out that she started to slow down.

“We’re going to have to work on your stamina.” She appraised. “I didn’t even cum.”

Of course, I hadn’t been trying to last. Once the feelings got to a point, I instead tried to cum as quickly as possible so that it was over with.

“Guess, I’m an early-cummer.” I started something that should have been a turn-off for girls.

“There is a Jane for everything. Many Janes like early-cummers. It makes them feel like they are good at driving men to climax. They like getting a man hard again after he already came. The question is… how quickly can you get hard again?”

She reached down like she was going to play with it more, but then she pulled away and got up. As she got off of me, I got a good view of her butt, which was just as much covered with tattoos as her face. Liquid ran down her thigh, but she didn’t pay it any mind as she grabbed her pants and pulled them back on.

“You’re tired already?” I tried to goad her.

She giggled, moving to me and grabbing my mouth. She kissed me forcefully. She didn’t put her tongue in my mouth, but she suck my tongue into hers and sucked on it for a moment. She had a taste like cigarettes and booze. When she finished kissing me, she whispered in my ear.

“Watch it, boy. You’re cute… but if I need to cut out your tongue so you don’t give any lip, I will.” Her voice said such dangerous lines so casually that it caused my spine to shiver.

She walked away and her tattoed ass was the last I saw of her until the door closed. I was left with my soft dick sticking out of my pants, my crotch covered in cum and woman’s fluids which I couldn’t clean up. I could only lie there as the clock ticked by and it slowly dried into a sticky mess.

However, my mind was working furiously. The only thing I could think was that I needed to play along. If I wanted to escape, then I needed more information. I needed to know where I was, who was holding me, and above all else, I needed to wait for the right opportunity to escape. If I didn’t do this correctly, I might not be the only one harmed. My entire family may pay for my mistakes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 131
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A person finally came by after I had been sitting strapped to my bed with my dick hanging out for several hours. It wasn’t the same woman from before, but a more muscular woman who had her head shaved. She wasn’t particularly attractive, but thankfully she wasn’t there for sex. She unstrapped me and dragged me over to the shower. I considered trying to fight, but this woman was bigger than me, and I wasn’t confident I could defeat her. I wasn’t sure which would be worse, the punishment I’d get for trying to escape, or the emotional damage I’d feel after getting my ass kicked by a girl.

Either way, I could see a gun-shaped lump in her back pocket, and I was pretty sure I wouldn’t be able to wrestle it away from her. More than likely, I’d just end up shot in the process. Thus, I followed her as she let me into the bathroom, threw me a towel and a roll of toilet paper, and then shut the door behind me. At least, she didn’t come into the bathroom to watch me do my business. I looked around the bathroom and couldn’t help but sigh. There wasn’t a single window. There was no clear way to escape.

Since I was stuck with things how they were, I went ahead and started cleaning up. I took a shower and washed off all the stickiness and sweat from the previous night. I was still drying with a towel when there was a knock on my door.

“Hurry it up.” The gruff voice that must have come from my bodyguard sounded out. “You’re wasting time. You should be earning your keep.”

I coughed. “Um, you didn’t give me any fresh clothes.”

It was more than that. The clothes I had been wearing were gone. I had put them on the sink, but while I was taking my shower they came in and took them. When I heard the door open, I thought they were just checking on me, but it turned out their aim was my clothing.

“Those won’t be needed.” The voice responded. “Just come out as you are.”

Seriously? I mean, it wasn’t like I was at a stage where I’d be nervous being seen by girls. I had spent quite a bit of time at this point with quite a few women. I was still a bit surprised they were going to this extent. I had no choice but to open the door and take a step out. The air was somewhat chilly since I was naked. I put my hands over my groin almost instinctively. The woman looked me up and down with an appraising eye and then snorted. She reached out, grabbed my arm, and then started dragging me down the hallway.

I glanced around as we moved. We were in a one-bedroom apartment. It seemed to be a fairly cheap place. There wasn’t much in the ways of decoration on the walls and the furniture was all basic and practical. As I passed the kitchen, I could see a small table where two women were sitting playing cards. I was guided out of the apartment’s front door and into a long hallway. It was then that I realized this entire floor was likely owned by these people. I could see people on either side of the hallway watching things.

The guards didn’t look our way as I was dragged past and brought into the living room of an adjacent apartment. This was where I saw the familiar woman who had ridden me earlier, the leader of my kidnappers. She was sitting on the couch and when she saw me arrive, she looked me up and down even more blatantly than the first time.

Sitting next to her was another girl. She had dark black hair and looked a bit less imposing than the lead kidnapper. She still has several piercings on her ears and one on her nose, but her face wasn’t covered in them. She also had fewer tattoos. She looked almost pure compared to the woman next to her.

“Is this your new call boy?” The woman asked, looking me up and down. “Not bad, maybe a little skinny.”

“This is my friend here.” The woman sat forward. “She’s going to give you a test run. She’ll make sure you understand your duties properly.”

I made a face, but I didn’t say anything in response. There was a look of annoyance from the leader, but the other girl smiled in a friendly way before reaching out and taking my hand. She gently led me into another room. This room wasn’t a bedroom, but a separate living room with a large bookcase and a comfy couch in the middle. She closed a pair of closet doors that separated the two rooms, leaving us alone.

If I had to give an impression of the feeling of this place, it felt like a casting couch. The couch was black faux leather, and there was even a camcorder in the corner set up to record.

“Is that your plan?” I asked. “Get a recording of me to embarrass me?”

“Hmm?” She glanced over at the camcorder and then laughed. “Ah, you’re familiar with the formula, huh?”

“I’m pretty shameless. If you think you can blackmail me with those tactics, you’re dumber than I thought.” I declared.

“Is that so?” She let out a laugh that was somewhat disarming before sitting down. “Why don’t you sit down as well?”

She made a gesture, patting the seat next to her. I glared suspiciously at the seat like she was trying to trick me. This caused her to chuckle again.

“What do you want?” I asked.

“I’m just here to prepare your contract.” She immediately put down the paper.

“Contract?” I glared at her. “Is that how you get away with this kind of stuff?”

“Don’t be that way.” She pursed her lips together, appearing like she was dealing with a spoiled child. “This is merely for our protection, and yours as well.”

“My protection?” I leaned forward. “You’re holding me here against my will. You kidnapped me!”

“Against your will?” She looked at me with confusion. “How could we do that? That would be a crime.”

“Then, I can leave?” I asked.

“Of course.” She responded, smiling.

I stood up and then moved to the door. She didn’t get up to follow me. My hand reached toward the door and she didn’t do anything. That’s when I remembered that he wasn’t the only girl in this place. There was the other one outside, the one who had threatened me. Then, there were those guards as well. Was this just a trick? Bad cop, good cop. She’d let me leave, but the others wouldn’t.

“What about her?”

“Your girlfriend?” She raised an eyebrow.

“She’s not my girlfriend.”

“Are you sure?” The girl asked, raising an eyebrow. “You seem close. She thinks the world of you. She called me and asked me to come out here. She said she had a beautiful boyfriend that she thought would look great modeling for us.”

“Modeling…” I couldn’t help but act incredulous.

“It pays quite a lot.” She smiled. “I’m sure your girlfriend and you could use the money.”

I rubbed my head, feeling confused. She was acting nice. After being treated like a slab of meat earlier, I almost found myself wanting to believe her words. Was this the gaslighting they talked about? They just blatantly lied to you until you started to think you were the problem. I always thought that the people who made those claims were complete idiots, but I was starting to realize just how difficult it was when dealing with someone who could lie with a straight face.

“You say modeling, but you want me to do porn.” I accused.

She helplessly shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t want you to do any more than you’re comfortable with. Of course, I will pay accordingly. If you pose naked for me, I’ll pay a certain amount.”

It was only when she said naked and her eyes dropped that I remembered I was naked. That’s how much they had me turned around. I covered myself the best I could.

“As if I had a choice.”

Even if I wanted to escape, what was I going to do? Run out of the building naked looking for help? They had my wallet, my money, and even my driver’s license. They knew where I lived and where I was heading. Thinking about it made me even more frustrated.

“I have a whole assortment of costumes. How about you try something on?” She gestured to an area behind the camera I hadn’t noticed before. It was a rack with clothing on it.

At least I could get dressed…

“I can put anything I want on?” I asked.

“Of course!”

Frowning, I walked over to the clothing and got behind it, away from her eyesight. Although her eyes had followed me, she made no reaction just like before. I went through the clothing one piece at a time. I was looking for something that would cover me and look normal. Yet, each costume was more risqué than the last. Many of them reminded me of the kind of outfits Abigail liked to see me in. Some of them could be barely called outfits, more string than cloth.

I ended up putting two outfits together. The sexy fireman outfit was a full pair of pants with suspenders. Of course, there was no shirt. That’s why I combined it with a button-up business shirt. The shirt didn’t button up all the way and exposed my belly button as well as my chest, but it was the most coverage. Now that I was dressed, I glanced around to see if there was an escape. Like the bathroom, there were no windows in this place. The only way I could escape was to get passed, my so-called girlfriend.

“Did you pick something out? Don’t leave me in anticipation. Come out.”

Realizing I was taking far too long, there was no choice but for me to step out from behind. I walked out from behind cover, feeling like I was walking back into enemy territory. Her eyes were immediately on me, and although she had been friendly and hadn’t pressured me much at all, that was somehow making it feel even worse. When she finally got a good look, she smirked in a particularly strange way.

“What is it?” I demanded.

“Nothing…” She shook her head. “Your tastes are somewhat strange. I thought most boys were good at coordinating.”

Her words were simple, but they made me feel stupid for coming out in such an outfit. It might cover more skin, but it was no less ridiculous. Feeling irritated, I pulled off the shirt and tossed it to the side. The only thing covering my upper body was a pair of red belt suspenders. Her eyes seemed to twinkle as she looked at me.

“That looks hot.” She purred. “Do you mind if I take some pictures?”

I grimaced slightly, but I didn’t know what else to do. “You might as well.”

She got up and walked over to the camcorder in the corner. After a little fiddling, she came back with one in her hand. She walked up to me, pointing her device at me with a look of concentration. Other than the fact I had been knocked out and tied up to get here, this woman acted extremely professional.

“Look to the left. Down a little. Tilt your head. You can lose the smile. Yes. Oh… that’s very sexy. You’re so beautiful.”

She started to give me orders, and each time I did what she wanted, she complimented me. At first, I ignored her words, but each time she complimented me, I felt a little happy. I didn’t want to feel that way, but I didn’t seem to be able to help it.

“Can I touch you?” She asked politely.

I gave a reluctant nod, and she adjusted my position. As she continued to move me, I took numerous other positions all while being complimented by her. Occasionally, the back of her hand would brush against my junk, or she’d grab an area around my thought. It was always short-lived, and she’d immediately apologize. I had said she could touch me though, so it was expected.

“Well, I’m done with these images.” She declared. “I’m going to take them and give them some photoshopping and I’ll send the best ones. You did great for your first time.”

This didn’t feel much different than when I played with Abigail or posed for Dawn. My stress had decreased quite a bit. I found myself not wanting this girl to leave because then I’d be left with the threatening ones with weapons.

“Um… you said… next… naked.”

She looked at me in surprise. “You want to do nude shots?”

“It pays more, right?”

She gave me a kind smile. “Yes, yes it does.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 132
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“H-hard?”

“Mm!” The photographer nodded. “Pictures of guys are much hotter when the guy is hard.”

I was completely undressed now, and the photographer had taken picture after picture of me. Some of the positions felt somewhat natural, and a few even reminded me of the kind of photography that my sister Dawn liked to do. Other positions were rather strange or uncomfortable, and the photographer sometimes had me stay in those positions for several minutes until I was starting to feel sore.

That’s when she suddenly declared that she wanted me to get erect. I wasn’t sexually aroused. Maybe, it was because I was too familiar with the perverted actions of my sisters, but it took a bit more to get me aroused than it used to.

“Do you want me to help you?” The photographer asked as she put the camera down to her side.

“Help?”

“Of course, this is completely professional.” She gave me a solemn look.

“R-right, okay.”

I knew that her reasoning was dumb, but considering the situation I was in, it wasn’t like I had a lot of room to argue. So far, things between the photographer and I had been going well. If I was going to escape, I needed to have allies and people who sympathized with me. Just remembering my old world, there were plenty of guys that fantasized about rescuing a woman from a life of prostitution. Thus, I acted completely fooled hoping to get in her good graces.

The photographer reached into her pocket and pulled out a bottle. She squirted some of the bottles onto her hand before tossing them to the side, and then she rubbed her hands together. The skin took on a glossy appearance. Before I could say anything else, she reached out and grabbed my dick. Her hand felt warm as the fingers wrapped around the shaft. Her hand was full of oil, and she immediately started to move her hand in a stroking motion up and down.

“Haaah…” I let out a breath as the stimulation quickly struck my nerves.

Although I liked to think it took more to get aroused, my dick was rock hard after only a few strokes. However, even though it was hard, her hand motions didn’t slow at all. If anything, her hand grew more enthusiastic.

“Oh, fuck, you’re hard.” She moaned heavily in my ear.

My cock twitched violently after hearing those words. Although she appeared to be acquainted with the woman who had kidnapped me, she seemed rather civil up until now. This was the first time I had heard her cursing, and it started to turn me on.

She leaned over while her hand worked on my dick and kissed me. My tongue immediately entered her mouth, and the pair of us noisily kissed in the middle of the room. She didn’t stay there long though, as she broke away with a gasp and then started to kiss my neck. I knew that I could have resisted her, but I saw no benefit in doing so. Since coming to this world, I had always known my priorities were a bit messed up. I wasn’t someone who would feel violated by this much.

Moans started to leave my lips, and she pushed her mouth against mine again as if to stifle the sounds. Our tongues clashed and wrestled violently between each other’s mouths, and while I was doing most of the moaning, the photographer was panting too.

Her free hand reached down and grabbed my ass. She squeezed my ass while stroking my ass, her hands working both sides. While she did that, I sucked on her tongue, fighting the urge to cream prematurely. When I had been with my kidnapper the night before, I hadn’t hesitated to finish as quickly as possible, but with this woman, I wanted to last a bit longer.

I decided to take the initiative, my hands wrapping around her waist as our kisses grew more intense. I forced my tongue into her mouth as my hands started to rip off her shirt. Under her shirt was a black bra which I should have been able to see through the shirt she was working on, but because of the low lighting of the room, I hadn’t noticed.

She stopped touching me just long enough to pull off her bra and toss it to the side. This revealed her modest chest. She had two large, pink nipples and the rest of her flesh was very pale and unblemished. In the middle of one of her nipples was a piercing. Her chest was nice, round, and perky, and her nipples were rather hard and swollen. I didn’t hesitate to put my mouth on them and began sucking on her nipples, attacking the one with the piercing first.

“My, my…” She gasped. “They said you were a noobie…”

“Mmmnmmm…” I made a response that was blocked by her boob, but even I wasn’t sure what I had intended to say.

I was enjoying flicking my tongue around her nipple, and playing with the piercing. At first, she seemed to be amused that I was sucking her nipples, but her face steadily grew to one of pleasure. Her hand motions on my cock even grew less steady as she became unable to focus on her intention.

“Ahhh…” She let out her first moan while I was sucking on her tits. “Shit…”

Her voice sounded shocked, and she had even pulled away and looked down. Since my head was buried in her chest, I was able to pull away and also look down. I could see a wet stain on her pants.

“Did you cum?” I asked, a bit surprised.

I had been sucking on her tit, but I didn’t think it’d be enough to make her cum. I had been able to make my sisters and mom cum from tit play in the past, but they were usually really horny and it took a lot to bring them all the way. I had only sucked her tits lightly, and she had already lost it. This seemed to fluster the girl, and for the first time since our encounter, she seemed a bit uncertain.

“I-I didn’t…” She responded stubbornly.

“Oh?” I raised an eyebrow, my hand diving down her pants.

She tried to bend away, but my fingers were already pushing into her wet tunnel. I explored her insides, finding the entire area wet. My fingers could feel her wet juices all over the place. I used my fingers to make sure the inside was thoroughly coated before pushing them even deeper into her warm pussy. She had her hand out, grabbing my wrist, but as I fingered her twat with my free hand, she only stood there stunned. Her hand stopped touching my dick, and somehow the situation had completely reversed.

“Ahhhh… haaah…” The photographer moaned loudly, unable to fight the pleasure overtaking her body.

My fingers moved with the skill of a brother with six very vocal sisters. They had each educated me in their way on how to pleasure a vagina. They each had their tastes, but certain themes kept coming up and they were always quick to make sure their brother did everything correctly. With three girlfriends to practice on, I could be considered as close to an expert as possible.

As much as these kidnappers knew about my family and life, they didn’t know much about my sexually promiscuous life. They knew I wasn’t a virgin, but how could they predict the amount of sex I had in the last few months? Not even my dad would have guessed I was banging mom and his sisters, so he wouldn’t have been able to relay that information to anyone else. From the outside, I looked like a young teen who was just starting to slip down a slutty rode of selfish girlfriends tricking me into sex and casually accepting money for sex. They didn’t realize I had already slipped down the depravity hole a long time ago. Speaking of holes…

“Ahhhn… Ffuckkk!” Her body convulsed, and she started to cum like she was a virgin having her first time.

She even lost her footing and collapsed to the floor. I had to kneel as she collapsed since my hand was down her pants. She ended up on her knees with her legs spread, her body still convulsing and unable to grasp the pleasure shooting through her body. She had soaked through her pants, and it was starting to leak down her legs as she pissed herself.

“Amazing…” She said as her breath started to recover.

“You think I’m done?” I chuckled, pushing her back onto the mat.

I ripped off her pants, which she didn’t resist at all. I was able to spread her legs apart and line my cock up against her slit. I rubbed it up and down her pussy, spreading the liquid around her tight hole and causing her to shudder before I shoved it inside. My cock entered her tight pussy without any resistance.

“Ahhhn, so big…!” She moaned, looking up at me with lust.

She had completely forgotten the situation we had started at. She was the hunter slowly seducing the youthful little morsel. She likely had every plan to be on top, guiding me as she toyed and experimented with my body. Yet, that power dynamic shattered in a second as soon as my desires were brought to the surface. I started to pump my dick into her pussy, thrusting away at her.

Since this wasn’t my sister or even someone I cared much about, I didn’t show her any mercy. I jackhammered her as hard as I could, my hips thrusting in like I was trying to churn her insides. The photographer could only wrap her arms around me, taking it all as her mind barely managed to handle the pleasure. She was moaning constantly, and the slapping sounds as my dick struck her pussy was the only other sound in the room. We fucked aggressively, and her wet pussy came again, liquid squirting out as I shoved into her more and more.

I slammed her pussy at lightning speed like a maniac, causing her tits to bob up and down while squirting juices everywhere! The feeling of her clenching pussy was great. She might not have been as fresh and virginal as my sisters, but there was an appeal to that too.

My orgasm came rushing towards me rapidly without any warning. I knew I was going to cum, and I didn’t bother to hold back at all. If it had been a girlfriend or a sister, I’d ask her where she wanted it, but I didn’t care about this girl, so I decided to pull it out.

“Open your mouth!” I ordered.

She blinked in confusion, but she still opened her mouth like a waiting chick. I reached the end of my rope and started to cum. My balls swelled and my cock erupted. This was probably the kind of chick that took pills and could take a blast of my seed in her womb, but I didn’t feel like doing that with this girl. Instead, white streaks shot out. It caught her by surprise as she flinched when the first shot came. I aimed too high and it ended up streaking across her cheek.

The second streak was a bit less powerful, and it ended up in her mouth. At this point, she understood what was happening, but she couldn’t do anything but keep her mouth open as squirt after squirt went into her mouth. As I neared the end, I took my still-hard and squirting cock and slapped it on her cheek. Like when I was taking a piss and needed to shake, I wagged my cock at her face until the last streams of white came out. Her mouth was wide open, and I could see it half full of gobs of white. It was like she was holding it in her mouth without knowing what to do with it. I finished and rubbed the tip of my cock on her lower lip like I was topping off her mouth.

“Now, swallow.” I smiled down at her.

The photographer swallowed like a good girl.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 133
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“I’m impressed,” My girlfriend said as she counted the money in her hand. “You’re doing great, baby.”

“Thank you, mommy,” I responded, pressing my body up against her.

I had since learned that my capturer’s name was Julie, or at least Julie was the name she was willing to give me. A week had passed since I had taken my pictures with the photographer. These had naturally been used in several different ways. They were a form of blackmail, keeping me from escaping. After all, if those photos were leaked, it’d embarrass my family and even compromise any potential jobs I had.

The other purpose of the photos was to establish my portfolio. I wasn’t exactly sure how Julie got my pictures out there, but she was always able to find a Jane who wanted to have sex with me. The first girl came the night after the photographer. She was a virgin who was embarrassed that she hadn’t lost her virginity yet and thus wanted to pay me to do it. It’s something I would have done for free, so I happily popped her cherry and made sure she enjoyed it. When she ended up paying extra, Julie was ecstatic. Of course, I didn’t get to keep the money. All of that went to Julie, and I wasn’t so naïve to think that I’d get a cut.

After that, she scheduled one girl a night as she warmed me up. Most of the girls were moderately attractive. I hadn’t gotten anyone particularly ugly, dirty, or fat. I wondered if this was Julie’s way of slowly getting me used to the lifestyle before I had to do the undesirables, or if there was something else at play. I used all of the skills my sisters had taught me and I left these women gasping and out of breath. They all paid extra, and most of them wanted me on their schedule as a regular, which only left Julie ever happier.

All of my calls were outcalls. It was the only time I was allowed to leave their building, and I was always accompanied by that butch bouncer, who made sure that I arrived and left safely. They also made sure that I wouldn’t be able to run away.

Although it was sexual slavery, I couldn’t say that it was completely without its perks. Although I had to give all of my money to Julie, starting from the first day, she started giving me gifts when I brought in extra money. The food improved, although she also restricted it strictly because she didn’t want me to get fat. I’d also be given various gifts. Julie gave me clothing, jewelry, and stuff for my room. She even took me out to select a mattress, and it was a short time before I was living better than I had in my own house.

As much as my mom loved me, she didn’t have the kind of money to waste on frivolous things. Our meals were practical and our clothing was basic. I slept in a twin-size bed on a cheap hand-me-down mattress. My pimp mommy let me slip in silk pajamas on a queen-sized hybrid foam mattress. I could get steak regularly, and when I mentioned I liked video games, she went out of her way and bought me a console. I was incredibly shocked, and she seemed amused when I asked her how I could repay her.

“I got another Jane for you.” Her words broke me out of my thoughts.

“Another, tonight?”

“It’s only 9 pm,” Julie responded. “You can’t do one more Jane tonight? I’ve bought you so much too. You know that money needs to come from somewhere.”

I started feeling a bit bad. She had bought me so many things. Even though I had finished with my last woman didn’t mean I couldn’t set things up with another. Besides, she was being friendly, but I knew that her friendliness would end the second I refused to do things her way. I agreed to the visit. After all, it wasn’t like I had a choice.

I left the building for the tenth time that week and my guard drove me to the next location. Last week, I had been trying to figure out where I was. I realized I was in a large city about two hours north of my house. However, it was a complicated city, and even simple things like finding the police station seemed impossible. I was slowly building up a map in my head so that I could escape, but I still needed help.

We ended up at a hotel. My bouncer gave me the number, and as I entered the lobby the receptionist only gave me a nod. They were used to misters of the night coming into service lonely women staying the night in their establishment, and it was to the point they barely reacted. I headed to the Jane’s room and stood outside, looking down the hallway both ways to make sure it was safe.

One of the interesting parts of the job was that I never knew what was going to happen. Every Jane was a bit different. It was true that they all wanted sex, but I once had a girl who just wanted to suck my dick. She paid me so she could spend an hour playing with me and sucking me off. I felt I should be paying her by the end of it, but she was so content after I just stood there that she gave me extra money. Apparently, she liked how I came several times down her throat. She said that other guys wouldn’t cum or seem to even enjoy it and I was the first that seemed like I wanted what she was giving.

Until the door opened, I wouldn’t know what kind of Jane I’d get. They could be any race, size, or appearance. On top of that, their sexual preferences could vary greatly. It was part of what made this job so interesting. I knocked on the Jane’s door and waited for an answer.

“It’s unlocked!” I heard a female voice inside.

I tried the knob, and it was clear she had kept the door in the position where it didn’t latch. I was able to enter her room. Inside, I could hear the shower running in an adjacent room. Otherwise, it was a simple one-bedroom hotel room. I still used that precious time to scope out the place. I learned a few things after a week of doing this, and one of those things was to always check your surroundings. Escape routes and heavy things you could use in an emergency were important for someone in my situation.

I didn’t need to wait around long, as the shower turned off. It wasn’t like I minded waiting. I was paid for my time, so the longer they took, the less I had to do. Plus, compared to Janes who didn’t bother to shower before sex, I preferred a clean woman. I already anticipated a nice experience just because the environment was clean and the person had taken a shower. What could I say? I was easy to please.

The door to the bathroom opened and a naked woman stepped out. She was drying her hair without concern for her naked body being seen. I naturally used the moment to check her out as well. She was middle-aged and decent looking. I was sometimes surprised at how attractive some of the women who hired me were. You’d expect that it’d be ugly women who couldn’t get it any other way, but in my world, many of these women would have been pursued by any guy, regardless of her personality.

She lowered her towel and when she saw me, she nearly jumped. “It’s you!”

I blinked. “Yeah, you hired me?”

“Y-you are a prostitute after all…”

A flash of disappointment appeared on her face, and it left me even more confused. That’s when I suddenly came to recognize her.

“You’re that woman I met off the street, the married one.”

“Shh!” She looked around like her husband was standing over her shoulder. “I told you that in confidence. Don’t your kind of people have to be discrete?”

“My kind of people?” I narrowed my eyes. “You mean prostitutes? Not that it’s any of your business, but I wasn’t a prostitute back then.”

“Ah… shit…” She seemed slightly awkward before giving me a side look. “You didn’t become a prostitute because of me, did you?”

I was first going to deny it, but then I remembered what my girlfriend told me. This woman had been looking for me and asking around. It was true that she didn’t cause me to become a prostitute, but she did make the situation more difficult for me to tell them no.

“What if I did?” I asked coldly.

The woman winced. “I don’t know what to say. I was just horny and desperate back then. When you said yes, all I could think about was the fun. I don’t know how to make it up to you…”

Seeing her genuinely apologizing made me uncomfortable, especially when I knew deep down it wasn’t her fault.

I coughed. “It’s fine. This happened because of my own decisions.”

She shook her head. “You shouldn’t say that. You shouldn’t have to live like this. Why don’t you come home with me.”

I raised an eyebrow. “Go to your home?”

Her face turned red. “My wife is out of town. Ah! That’s not what I meant anyway! I meant that I could help you get on your feet. I could rent you a cheap studio for a few months. I can help you get a job. You don’t have to be a prostitute.”

Hearing her words only made me feel more bitter. I did want to get out of my situation. I wasn’t so enamored by gifts that I had forgotten that I was being held against my will and gaslit to hell. I was playing along so that my life was a bit easier. It wasn’t like I wasn’t living the dream. I mean, what guy wouldn’t love to just have sex with strange beautiful women all day while being taken care of, congratulated, and showered with gifts by their girlfriend? See, when I say it like that, it sounded like the best life I could ever hope to live. Yet, it was a life that would head nowhere, and more importantly, it kept me from seeing my mother and my sisters.

Yet, as tempting as her words sounded, a bouncer was waiting in their car outside. I’d only be dragging this woman into my problems, and she’d be in danger if she tried to help me. Maybe, I could get a message out, but I wasn’t sure if I should. I didn’t want my sisters getting hurt either. These were dangerous people with weapons. They meant business. If any one of them were injured trying to save me, I’d never forgive myself. That’s why I was determined to escape on my own.

“What’s your name?” I asked.

“Jane.” I raised an eyebrow and she lifted her hands. “No, seriously! My name is Jane!”

I supposed there was a reason we used Jane as the name for anyone who hired a prostitute. They were a common name after all.

“Alright, Jane, you were looking for me before. If you didn’t think I was a prostitute, why were trying so hard to find me?”

“Ah!” That question seemed to cause her to react more exaggeratedly than I would have expected. “That’s a bit of a difficult question to answer.”

“I didn’t treat you particularly well. You paid me. It was a done deal. I don’t believe I was so great either since you didn’t know you were seeing me tonight and were willing to buy a different dick.”

Jane bit her lip. “Our time was a lot of fun… unforgettable event. I did ask for someone with your description, but I never expected it would be you.”

My girlfriend must have known when she set us up.

“Why did you want to meet up?”

“It’s because…” She stopped for a second, and then her mouth tightened and she nodded to herself. “It’s because I got pregnant!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 134
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“You’re pregnant?” I asked. “Didn’t you use like a Plan B or something?”

A flood of feelings flooded through my head at that moment. It certainly explains why Jane had been so desperate to find me, but it was the kind of thing that I had never expected. I was far too young to have a kid. At least, that’s what I thought. Then again, I had been going around having sex without being safe. This world had fewer STDs since men were more reserved, and despite the changes, basic biology that made it easier for men to spread the disease wasn’t there. Yet, that had nothing to do with getting someone pregnant, and I wasn’t being careful with that either.

Normally, in this world, it was the woman’s responsibility to use protection, but should she get pregnant, it was expected of the man to step up and raise it, whether the woman wanted it or not. It was a strange situation, but in reality, there were enough exceptions to the rules that there was nothing hard and clear about how to deal with a baby.

“Not.” Jane sighed.

“I seem to recall you telling me you’d let your husband raise it.”

Jane winced. “I was just saying that because I was horny. Saying dumb things and living with them are two different things entirely. I would never do that to him.”

“Just cheating then.”

Jane glared at me. “I don’t want to hear that kind of bullshit from a whore!”

“I’m the one getting paid.” I raised an eyebrow, and Jane’s cheeks reddened slightly.

“Look, I just wanted you to know, okay?”

I let out a long breath. “How far along is it?”

I honestly couldn’t even remember how long it had been since we had sex. It had to be at least one or two months, but probably not long since she wasn’t showing.

“What?” She gave me a strange look and then shook her head. “I said I got pregnant. I didn’t say I didn’t take care of it.”

“Take care of it?”

“Yeah… I got an abortion.”

My heart seemed to rise to my throat. “You what? You killed it?”

“Hey! First off, I don’t even know you. Why would I take care of your baby? Secondly, I did try to contact you. I couldn’t find you. Remember?” She spoke irritably.

Her words left me stunned. I never had any strong opinion on pro-choice or pro-life. I had even teased about the possibility of getting my girlfriends, my sisters, and even my mother pregnant. Perhaps, had I not already been enslaved by another woman and treated as a prostitute, this wouldn’t have come as much of a psychological blow. At this moment, however, I started to feel a great deal of rage.

“You bitch!” I reached out to grab her, but before my hands could reach her blouse, her palm struck my cheek.

Slap! I blinked a few times in surprise.

“What? I’m an equal-opportunity woman. Do you think I’m going to let you push me around just because you have a dick? If you didn’t want to see your babies get aborted, maybe you should be fucking women without a condom. I know that’s not the politically correct thing to say, but it’s not like guys have no involvement in a girl getting pregnant.”

I rubbed my cheek. The moment of anger had passed. Nothing I did now would change what had already happened. I was mostly just surprised. I was surprised that she had gotten pregnant, and then just as quickly, I was shocked that the pregnancy was over and taken care of without my involvement. This was a world where men typically took responsibility for the children. She had sought me out, but because I couldn’t be found, she decided to shed the responsibility. It was done.

“I’m sorry,” I responded. “I was just a kid though.”

She winced slightly. “Yeah… s-sorry for the slap. I’m not one of those girls who hits men. I swear.”

The pair of us looked at each other. It was probably the first time we had ever really acknowledged each other. I had met her on the street and fucked her, but I had never really bothered to look at her. I mean, I hadn’t even learned her name. The same was true for her as well. She had treated me as just a dick she could satisfy herself with, and I had treated her as a warm pussy to dump my cum. The pair of us let chuckled at the same time, and it seemed to cut down on the stress we were both feelings.

“I’m not here of my own free will,” I spoke softly.

“What?”

“Sex trafficking? It’s a real thing. I was snatched off the street a week ago.”

I didn’t know why I decided to speak the truth at that moment. Perhaps, I just wanted to trust in another human. Besides, my girlfriend never specifically ordered me not to tell other people about my situation.

“For real?” Jane’s eyes widened. “Then, we could…”

She made a gesture with her thumb, but I was already shaking my head. “There is a bouncer outside. They come with me on every visit. They’re also armed. If I come out without the money or any of a dozen other situations, then she’d come in and take care of it.”

“What?” She seemed generally shocked, looking over her shoulder nervously. “Scary…”

“Did you think prostitution was a safe thing?” I raised an eyebrow, causing her to blush.

“Shit!” She cursed after thinking about it for a second. “What are we going to do?”

“We?”

“I…” She stopped for a second, looking at me guiltily. “I know it was only for a brief moment, but you were the father of my child. Fuck, I couldn’t stop thinking about you so much that I wanted to fuck someone who looks like you just to try to get you off my mind.”

“Um… thanks?”

She let out a sigh. “I’m just saying, I’m a fucked-up girl with a fucked-up mind, but even I’m not a complete piece of shit. If I see a boy in need, especially a boy I had a relationship with, I want to help them if I can. Is that so strange?”

“No.” I shook my head. “It’s not.”

There are all kinds of men in my world who love to white knight for women. Men want to save women all the time from whatever bad situation they experienced. This allowed many women to exploit those men. However, there were also real cases of men being heroes, or dying foolishly over a woman too. The kind of married woman who bangs random high school boys and seeks our prostitutes weren’t the healthiest mentally, but they were the first friendly face I had ever met.

“What do you want me to do?” Jane asked after taking a deep breath.

“Can you get a message out?” I replied with my question. “I just don’t want my family to worry.”

I wasn’t sure what kind of messages Julie had sent to my family, but I wanted them to know I was alright.

“Yeah, I can do that.” Jane seemed relieved that I had requested something so simple.

Thus, I pulled out a pen and paper and then wrote my message. It wasn’t a message about escaping. Quite the opposite. I just wanted them to know that I was alright and safe. I didn’t want them worrying about me. I gave Jane my sister’s address. I didn’t know how wide Julie’s eyes were, but I had to presume that it’d be safer leaving the note with London than trying to send it to my house that they’d be watching.

It took me three sheets before I was done with the note. I folded it up and handed it to Jane. She nodded in affirmation.

“Are you sure there is nothing else I can do for you?” She asked.

“I’m sure.” I nodded, but when I saw her start walking toward the door, I spoke up. “What are you doing?”

She stopped and looked back at me as she put the letter into her pocket. “I’m going?”

“You bought me for two hours. It’s only been thirty minutes. If you leave now, it will look suspicious. Besides, you still haven’t paid.”

Her face fell slightly. “I still have to pay?”

I chuckled. “Don’t worry, I’ll still make it worth your while.”

As I spoke, I stroked the area next to the bed. Jane might have been trying to help, but it wasn’t like she was an altruistic person. A horny grin grew on her face, and she immediately pulled off her shirt and dropped it to the floor. Her average-sized tits were covered with a thin lacey bra, which she quickly removed as well. She then fumbled at her pants like she couldn’t get them off fast enough. They fell to the ground leaving her in nothing but pantyhose and black panties. Her skin glowed under the dim light of the nightstand. Her nipple stood hard and erect under her thin fabric. Her eyes contained desire and excitement as she eyed me eagerly.

Jane was attractive, but a male version of her definitely would have been considered a toxic pig in this world. Thankfully, I went by my own world’s standards, and it made this eager slut very erotic. My cock swelled rock-hard. It wasn’t like prostitution had ruined sex for me. I still enjoyed it and had a lot of fun. As bad as the situation was on the outside, it still had perks.

I took my erection out of my tight pants that they made me wear as a prostitute. Her mouth was watering in anticipation as she approached me with eager steps. Instead of reaching out and grabbing my dick, she stopped right next to me on the bed. She turned around so that she was facing away from me. She then pulled down her pantyhose, shifting left and right as they slowly peeled off her wet pussy like she was opening a Christmas present. Those pussy lips were pink and glistening wet!

The sight of this woman’s bald cunt made my cock twitch in desire. Although my sisters played with shaving, most older women I had tasted were au natural or just a bit of maintenance. This was the first time I had encountered a completely bald pussy on an older woman. It had more appeal than I originally would have thought.

I smirked, “You’re shaved…”

Jane smiled at me while looking back over her shoulder. I could see her pink clit sticking out between her smooth labia. She turned back around and got onto my lap with her legs spread. She started to kiss me as one of her hands guided my dick into her cunt.

She started to passionately kiss me while she rocked her hips in my lap. We started fucking with our mouths open wide like a couple of wild animals free of any shame or hesitation. There was no awkwardness in our movements. We both were taking what we wanted from the other, and so it made this arrangement simple and clean. Our tongues danced together with passion and lust as we played with each other for our satisfaction.

My hands roamed all over her body as if trying to memorize every inch of her skin. My fingers dug into her soft flesh and rubbed her nipples. Hers were doing the same thing to mine. She moaned louder as she felt the tip of my dick sliding in and out of her pussy.

Then Jane took my hand off of her breast and guided it down to where she wanted it to go, to her pussy. Her pussy lips were warm and sweet. Rather than rub her labia as she intended, I pushed two of my middle fingers inside her wet hole, stretching it with my dick still inside her! She gasped in surprise, but she didn’t try to stop me at all! She spread her legs wider apart and ground her hips against my dick even more!

I alternated between my dick and my fingers, sliding them deep inside her pussy. She was so tight and wet, and with two fingers and my dick, she was being stretched passed her limit. The inner walls of her cunt were gripping tightly on my fingers! I could feel her juices flowing out from between our bodies, soaking up in my clothes, but that didn’t matter to me. It wasn’t like I wore closes that weren’t intended to be stained or ripped open anyway.

Jane’s hips began moving back and forth while she ground my dick and fingers as deep in her pussy as space would allow.

“Oh, yes baby!” She exclaimed with pleasure.

I pushed deeper and harder into her until my fingers were buried completely inside her hot cunt. The back of my knuckles could feel the top of my hard rod. She started to bounce on me like a teenager, while we kissed with our mouths open wide. Our tongues were dancing together outside of our mouths as much as inside.

With my fingers inside her cunt, Jane was moaning and gasping louder with every thrust. She grabbed onto the sheets as if trying to keep control over her body movements or something. I couldn’t thrust up since she was bouncing so aggressively, but my fingers continued to move with my wrist movements.

“OOOOOOOOOH!” Jane moaned loudly as she orgasmed.

I could feel her pussy tightening on my cock, and it became so much that my finger was forced out of her with a squelch. They immediately started rubbing her clit instead, and she became feral. Shoving her tits into my face, her body convulsed wildly against me as she experienced powerful orgasm after powerful orgasm.

She finally became limp, and I picked her up and pushed her down onto the bed. She fell backward onto the bed without resisting, breathing heavily as she recovered from her intense orgasm. Jane looked up at me with eyes filled with satisfaction, but also more lust.

“What do we do next?” She asked teasingly.

“No one said I was done!” I responded, preparing for round two.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 135
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Announcement

This is my bi-annual survey. Every year, I look for feedback on my books and website. This helps me decide what I work on and how I divide my attention. If you have the time, I'd appreciate your feedback.

Here's the . Thanks!

Those who participate in the survey will get a 50% OFF coupon for any ebook purchase on the . Good for one purchase and redeemable until Christmas, Dec 25 2022.

Jane was lying back on the bed breathing hard. “I forgot what it was like to have a real man.”

“Haha…” I couldn’t help but laugh at her words.

Something about the entire situation made her calling me a man particularly funny.

“What? What? Why are you laughing?” A frown formed on her forehead.

I had enough experience with women from this world to understand that they sometimes had pretty fragile egos. She thought I was laughing at her expense and was thus getting angry. To keep her from getting upset, I grabbed her and kissed her passionately. On the other hand, women from this world were very easy to distract.

“I want to fuck you in the ass,” I whispered into her ear.

It was kind of a ridiculous request, but I had long since grown comfortable with myself. I knew what I wanted, and at that moment I wanted her butt cherry. I wouldn’t get Jane pregnant by fucking her ass, so it was an ideal option for me. Her eyes brightened with interest and curiosity.

I pulled out my fingers from between her moist folds and let my dick slide out of her cunt. She shifted her body, lifting her bottom and giving her a tight asshole and an easier angle for my penetration. I pulled out some lubricant from my pants and squirted it on her butt. As a male prostitute, lubricant was a must. There was a particular way to use it too.

Women had their pride, and in a world where it was the woman’s responsibility to pleasure the man, her ability to be lubricated was the equivalent of a man staying erect in my world. If she couldn’t get lubricated, she might as well be limp. This caused lubricant to have a negative connotation, making it feel to the woman like she was sexually deficient. However, some women just couldn’t get wet, so I was shown tricks to add lubricant without it being obvious I was doing so. She’d feel like she got wet, and it’d make her feel good.

I used those skills at that moment, making sure her hole was sufficiently wet. I positioned my dick against her hole and then pushed into her ass with a single thrust.

“OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH” Jane screamed out, her eyes clenching tight as her hands grabbed at the blankets.

Her ass was warm and tight! It was a feeling I only occasionally enjoyed. I only offered it because she had just come from the shower, so I knew she was clean.

This woman might have been my baby’s momma, but that didn’t happen. Now, she was getting plowed in the ass by me, and she was paying for it! I thrust away, pushing my dick in and out of her tight hole. She let out staggered breaths and moans as she took my whole dick into her rectum.

Jane and I weren’t friends. We weren’t lovers. We weren’t related. We were just strangers thrust together by chance, and then enjoying each other’s bodies for our satisfaction.

I was pounding away at Jane’s butthole with full force while kissing her passionately on her neck. Our bodies were shaking with excitement. Our moans filled the room with sexual energy. The walls of the bedroom echoed loudly as the sound of two people having sex reverberated through the motel room, possibly being heard by a neighbor. I didn’t care about such modesty anymore. I wasn’t going to hide, lie, or pretend.

Jane grabbed onto the sheets tightly again trying not to lose control over herself.

“Oh, God. Yes, baby! My ass is being stretched so much.” she moaned in ecstasy.

Her body trembled from all the intense pleasure.  I could feel her cunt muscles twitching through the thin colon walls every time I thrust deeper inside her asshole. I kept ramming my cock deep down into her butt until I felt her tight hole stretching against the root of my balls.

“OOOOOOHHHHH!! YESSSS!!” Jane screamed out loud while orgasming hard, her ass tightening aggressively on my cock.

For a moment, I felt intense resistance like she was trying to expel my dick, but pushed down, keeping my dick deep into her backside. We were still in the middle of fucking, and I wasn’t going to give up so soon! Suddenly, Jane moaned even louder, and her hips began moving faster against me like there was no tomorrow! Her fingers were playing with her twat as she rocked her hips desperately to aggravate my cock still lodged deep in her intestines.

“OOOOFFUCCCCCK!!!!” Jane cried out.

With her pussy up in the air, it began to erupt like a fountain between her two fingers. Warm gushes shot up like a fountain, splashing against my crotch and stomach. My balls were boiling and full of sperm! The feel of her ass clenching on my dick was all I could hold onto. There was nothing else I could do but give everything to make her scream with pleasure.

My entire body was shaking uncontrollably with the intensity of our fucking! My balls churned up and released hot seat into her clenched ass. She seemed to jerk as she felt the first hot load deep inside her. It was like a volcano erupted inside of her colon, filling it with hot white magma. Steamy and fragrant juices began to run freely, and our bodies were covered with sweat as if we just ran for miles.

I fell on top of her and we both gasped heavily. As we tried to recover our respective breaths, we kissed again passionately.

“Oh, God!” she moaned softly as the kiss broke away. “That was so good! I like anal!”

“Mmmmmm… Mmmmm… yes…” I agreed although I didn’t have a reference point for that.

I personally never had anything in my butt, and I didn’t intend to ever have anything in my butt. However, I was happy sticking my dick in any girl’s ass as long as she was eager and willing. Jane certainly was. She smiled at me while still lying down on the bed, breathing hard from having an intense orgasm, then rolled off me, grabbing onto me, pulling me closer, kissing me deeply, hungrily.

“Thank you, I needed this.” She purred.

I looked into her eyes, feeling myself getting hard once more because of what had happened. Compared to my sisters, she was a bit dirtier. Sex with her was filthy, and I kind of liked it that way.

Jane pushed me off of her and then rolled over. She crawled out from under me and towards the edge of the bed, showing her ass to me and spreading her legs wide open. She shook her ass cheeks in front of my face.

“Go ahead and fuck my pussy again, baby,” Jane whispered. “Fuck this cheating slut’s dirty pussy!”

My cock was already rock solid again. As I looked at her from the backside, her asshole was gaping a bit, and there was white stuff leaking out of it and down the side of her cunt. It was an erotic event knowing how I had ruined such a hole, and it only made me desire to ruin the other hole even more.

I slid my dick into her while I squeezed her butt. Her tight wet hole felt an amazing tightening around my shaft as if there was no tomorrow! Fucking her butt had seemingly made her pussy extra twitchy. I took her from behind with one hand holding onto her hips while my other was between her thighs playing with her clit. We both moaned loudly as we fucked each other’s bodies passionately while making out on top of the sheets of my marital bed!

I thrust her body against the headboard hard, driving myself deeper into her than ever! My balls were churning up more sperm into her womb, filling it, until I couldn’t hold back anymore…

“Mmm, yes!”  I screamed as I came deep inside her pussy.

“Ooooooohhhhhhh!! OOOHHHHH!!! YESSSS!!” Jane let out a scream too as she climaxed once again.

She squeezed me tight around my shaft like she was milking a cow. I collapsed on her back while still buried deep in between her thighs. We both laid there panting heavily. We held onto each other’s sweaty bodies. Our breathing was getting slower as we rested. It was almost like we were just taking a pause to recharge.

I start fucking Jane like I was doing a push-up with my big dick between her thighs while laying down flat on my back. I thrust her body against the headboard hard, driving myself deeper into her than ever before! We both moaned loudly fucking passionately!

I impaled her faster and harder as I grew closer and closer to cumming again! I could feel it building up inside of me, ready to shoot off all over her body again, squirting hot semen deep inside of her pussy, filling it, until there is nothing left inside of me.

“JANEEEE!!!” I pushed up harder and deeper into her cunt, burying my cock to its base as she screamed out loud:

“OOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH!! YESSSS!! YESSSS!!” Her entire body shuddered violently from having an intense orgasm once again!

I came very hard inside of Jane’s womb as she screamed out loud in yet another climax! My balls were churning up more sperm into her fertile egg-producing vagina. Hot lava poured from between us. Our bodies were covered with sweat.

Once again, I collapsed on Jane’s back, inhaling her neck scent. She rolled over and we ended up lying like that, with me spooning her from behind. Some time passed by, and Jane let out a little groan.

“Is it time already?”

“Yeah, you’re time is up, sweetheart.” I chuckled.

The pair of us got off the bed. I was supposed to take a shower before I left any place if I was allowed to take one. I headed to the room under the guise of using the restroom, but I quickly started the shower. A few moments later, Jane came in and joined me. She kissed and fondled me a bit, but since the time was almost out, I didn’t encourage her to continue. Instead, I left the shower first while she finished up. After quickly getting dressed, I spotted the money on the dresser. I pocketed it and left the letter I had written in its place, and then headed toward the exit. It was usually best if I was gone before she got out of the shower.

All I could do was hope that the message reached my family. Since it wasn’t a cry for help, it wasn’t like I was expecting anything to happen from it. I just wanted them to not lose any sleep over it. I’d figure this crap out and return to their side soon.

With a sigh, I closed the door and then headed back to the car. My supervising guard held out her hand as I approached. I sighed and handed her the money that I had collected. There was even a little extra in it. Whether she had intended me to take it or not didn’t matter. In this business, you took everything you could get, and all it cost was everything that you had.

My guard silently took the money and started the car, and we were soon off. I was tempted to look back to see if she was watching me leave, but I decided against it. I didn’t intend to continue some kind of relationship with her. She was just another Jane to me. If she send that letter, I’d consider it even for whatever karma existed between us.

The guard led me back to the apartment. Just as I was heading to my room, I heard my girlfriend call out for me. I went to the family room. I was surprised to see her dressed a bit sluttier than usual.

“Come on, we’re going.”

“Mommy? I just worked.”

She suddenly lunged at me and grabbed my chin. “Did I ask for your opinion?”

“No, mommy,” I diverted my eyes.

After a moment, she gave a light chuckle and lightly slapped my cheek twice. “Go get ready. It’s time for a party.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 136
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I didn’t like to put on makeup. Even in a world where genders were reversed, women still dressed like women. They might let their appearance go sometimes, but they still generally cared about their looks and would wear makeup when the occasion called for it. Although, men also wore makeup in this world, which I supposed evened the playing field a bit. Unfortunately, my girlfriend wouldn’t be satisfied unless I put a ton of it on. She also wanted me to wear a shirt that was tight around the chest and groin.  As a callboy, it was what I had come to expect at this point.

I sighed and finished washing my hands. Since running into Jane and sending her off with a message for my family earlier, it had left me in a melancholy mood. It was exactly the kind of mood that I didn’t want to have to go to whatever party my girlfriend had planned. After all, if I couldn’t keep up the proper mood, then she’d resort to other means to keep me happy.

I had been lucky so far that they hadn’t forced drugs on me. They tried to give me drugs after a few days, but I vehemently refused. It was the one battle that I had managed to win against Julie. We had ended up falling into an uneasy agreement that as long as I performed and didn’t get out of line, she wouldn’t give me drugs. Drugs cost money, and they had unpredictable effects on people which might even lead to death. Julie had let me know that many pimps like her would have just kept their studs drugged up and in a state of euphoria, but she was being generous. She let me stay clearheaded, and I continued to bring her in tips.

Yet, that came at a cost. I had to be on at all times. After all, if I couldn’t perform, there were drugs for that. Some of those drugs might seriously fuck me up, and at that point, I wasn’t confident I’d be able to escape. I was already struggling to find a way out, and that was without handling an addiction unless sex addiction counted, and I was pretty sure I didn’t have that. Honestly, after getting it multiple times a day and tasting dozens of girls, even a horny seventeen-year-old like me was starting to feel like enough was enough.

Staring at myself in the mirror, I could only shake my head. I never said I was a genius. I was just a seventeen-year-old. My world was suddenly flipped upside down and I coped with it the best that I could. At this point, I was just starting to get tired. Drying my hands on a hanging towel, I opened the door and stepped out of the bathroom.

“Mommy, are we ready to go?” I asked, using a slightly deeper and more alluring voice I had started to pick up from having to seduce countless women.

“Let me look at your first.” Julie walked up to me, and then took several side steps as she looked at me from all angles. “Mm… Mmm… you looking fine, boy.”

Her words didn’t stir anything in me, but I squirmed as I enjoyed it. “Thanks, mommy.”

“How about you give mommy some sugar?” She asked.

I didn’t hesitate to step forward and kiss her. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled me into a rough kiss, her hands pulling my hair until it was painful. Her hand went down and groped between my pants, stroking at my cock. She stroked it long enough for it to get hard, and then she pulled away. While biting her lip, she grinned.

“We’re going to have some real fun tonight.”

She pulled back and gestured. Several other women who had been sitting around got up and started to follow her. I hadn’t looked any of them in the eye. I had learned that when I was around Julie, I had to keep my eyes down. I couldn’t look at any other girls. It was kind of dumb because she’d loan me out to any woman for a couple of bucks, but if she caught me looking at anyone else for more than a second, she’d explode in anger.

There was one time when she took me out to a club so that she could scout for Janes, and while she was away for a moment, a girl came up to me and put a hand on my knee. I did my routine, expecting Julie to be happy that I had scored a client, but then she came back and slugged the other girl. We have kicked out of the club and Julie was furious with me. I couldn’t believe that she’d get jealous, but that was exactly what had happened.

I eventually caught on, so whenever Julie was nearby, I kept my eyes down unless I was looking at Julie, and even then, I never looked her in the eyes either unless she asked me. It was the posture that had allowed me to last this long.

Julie grabbed my arm and took me along to the head of the group. This was probably the so-called honeymoon period of our relationship. Since Julie was a pimp, where were her other boys? I doubted I was her one and only. Instead, I guessed that this was all part of her conditioning. For a few months, I’d be her number-one boy. She’d take me out and she’d buy me things and she’d act jealous and get me to feel completely dependent on her. Then, once I was probably trained and safe, I’d be dropped into a dump and only seen once a week when she came to collect.

This was also the time I was waiting for. Once I had earned her trust, it’d be my best time to escape. I’d be their perfect toy, and then I’d be gone.

Where would I go? I couldn’t go home. I didn’t think they’d come after my family if I didn’t return to them. I’d have to just flee to some other city. Maybe, I’d need to prostitute myself for a while until I could raise enough money to get off my feet. Only when I was established and safe would I make an attempt to contact them. That might be years though, and sometimes I felt great pain as I thought about what I had to do.

However, men had to leave the house and go to war all the time. I might have been taken without my permission, but I was fighting my own battles. I wouldn’t be able to go home until I won and my family was safe. At least, that’s what I told myself to keep going.

We ended up leaving the building that my girlfriend owned and took a car. It was crowded, but Julie made sure none of the women sat by me. We drove out of the city, and I was a bit surprised as we seemed to be heading to the suburbs. I rarely went to the suburbs, even on outcalls.

This also wasn’t a particularly nice area, but it was pretty run down and beat up. We drove up to a somewhat derelict house. The lawn was half dead and there hadn’t been a paint job in years. Yet, the house was lively. There were people on the front lawn drinking and the sound of loud music thrumming through the earth.

“This looks like the kind of place police raid,” I commented.

I couldn’t argue with Julie’s judgment, but I could make a generalized comment and hope she understood. This was not a safe place for us to work. If the cops raided this party, what were we going o do?

Julie grabbed my arm a bit hard and then whispered in my ear. “You don’t need to worry about that. Just shake your ass and make me some money?”

“Am I… stripping?” I asked, feeling a bit confused.

I couldn’t see Julie clearly in the dark car, but the outline of her face seemed to have a very dark and malevolent appearance. “Your job is to satisfy the guests. Do I make myself clear?”

“Perfectly,” I responded, lowering my eyes submissively.

The car engine turned off and the girls all got out at once. I only hesitated for a moment before stepping out and following behind. Julie no longer held my arm, but she shouted out a welcome, giving another girl with a bald tattooed head a hug. The two women seemed to know each other, and they quickly leaned close and started whispering things.

Without another word, the two took off into a backroom. They didn’t look back at me once. I was immediately on my own at a strange party. I also couldn’t see my typical bouncer. They had entered the party too without waiting to see if I would join them. Was this the time to run? What would happen if I just turned and darted? It was already dark outside though, and this place was a bad area of town. I had encountered a streaker even near my place. I was bound to encounter something worse here.

In my hesitation, I felt a hand suddenly slap my behind. The hand remained there as a woman suddenly wrapped herself around my arm. She had light brown skin, dark curly hair, and hoop earrings. She had dark red lipstick and dark eyeshadow. Overall, she was a normal-looking woman, although the lewd look on her face wasn’t that normal.

“Damn, boy, you look good. Why are you up here all alone?” She asked. “Your girlfriend leave you?”

“Ah, I don’t have one.”

Although I called Julie my girlfriend, I officially didn’t have one when I was on the clock. If any girl asked, I was untaken and practically a virgin. At this point after all of the women I had been with, I knew that was laughable, but there was nothing I could do about it.

“Alright, alright…” She smirked. “Then how about you come with me.”

She pulled me forward and I was brought into a room that was full of smoke. There were both girls and guys here. The girls were mostly wearing t-shirts and jeans, while the guys were all dressed up in stuff that showed off their features. I could easily spot several of them that were prostitutes, but I wasn’t sure about all of them.

“Hey, slut, who are you bringing in?” One of the girls sitting on the couch with a long glass bong called out.

“Hey, this is my boy… uh…”

“Noah.” I coughed.

“Uh, yeah, this is Noah. Ain’t he a cute little white boy?”

The other woman laughed. “Come here, boy, why don’t you sit next to me.”

“Um, sure…” Although I said the words, the girl holding me was already pulling me to the couch.

I was sat down right between the two girls, who both changed their positions so they were turned toward me. The girl who had been holding me stroked my neck, while the other girl put her hand on my knee.

“You look nervous.” The girl stroking my neck said. “How about we get you something to drink?”

“I’m good.”

I knew enough to know not to drink anything at a party like this. I mean, the worst thing that would happen was that I was raped, but Julie wouldn’t be happy if I didn’t bring her any money.

“Don’t be like that, baby…” The other girl put her hand on my chest. “You a fine-looking boy. Do you have pet insurance?”

“Huh? What? No…”

“That’s a shame because I’m about to have you destroy my pussy.”

“Shit, you nasty. We don’t even know what he’s working with.”

“Whatever, you know white boys are my weakness. Here, your belt is tight, let me loosen it for you.” She grabbed at my belt while the other girl grabbed at my shirt.

If I didn’t take control of the situation, I was about to end up fucking these two girls and worse, I wouldn’t be getting paid for it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Damn, boy, you don’t mess around.” One of the girls purred.

Since we were going to do this, I took charge of the situation immediately. I had a hand down the pants of each of these girls. Since one was wearing baseball shorts and the other was wearing sweatpants, it wasn’t difficult to get full access. The girls didn’t hesitate to spread their legs and let me do my thing. I was fingering one girl on either side of me. I turned left and kissed one of them noisily, and then swapped to the other. They rubbed their bodies against me like I was made of catnip and their hands eventually found their way between my legs where they started to rub my hard member.

“How about we take this to the bedroom?” One of the girls panted.

“Why, you don’t want an audience?” I teased, noticing that our actions were getting the attraction several of the other girls in the audience.

Some looked on enviously, while others looked on hornily, subtly touching themselves and biting their lips as they watch two other women enjoy getting fingered.

“Naw, boy. I want that big dick all to myself.” The girl responded.

“Well, you might need to share a little.” I chuckled.

Her eyes darted to the other girl, but she was too aroused to say anything. There was a look between the pair of them that seemed to suggest they were going all in. Since that was the case, there was no holding back. At that moment, there was a sudden disturbance. Someone came storming into the living room, pushing through people until they were right in front of us. It was only at that moment that I realized it was Julie. She had an unhappy expression on her face. Well, wasn’t I doing what she wanted? Once I had them in the bedroom, I was going to reveal the “cost”. They’d reject me at first, but they’d eventually pay.

“Come on, I got a job for you.” Julie declared.

“Hey, the girl’s taken.” One of the women I was fingering tried to protest.

Julie’s fist came out without a hint, slugging the girl in the face. Her head whipped back for a second, and she pulled away from me to grab her nose. A moment later, blood began to run from it.

“You fucking bitch!” She shouted with a muffled voice.

“You want to start something?” The other demanded.

I pulled my hands out of their pants, just as the two girls tried to stand up. At that moment, there was an audible click as a gun was cocked. A few more clicks followed. Three other people had walked into the room with Julie. One was next to her, and the other two were behind the couch. In a moment, they had guns drawn on the two women. One had a gun pressed against the back of the girl’s head. The person next to Julie pointed a gun directly at the bleeding nose of the other woman. They had both ended up freezing in a half-standing motion, visible shock and fear in their eyes.

“Do we have a problem?” Julie demanded.

“N-naw… we cool, we cool.” With their hands up, the two women sat back down, but also made a wide berth for me.

Julie reached out and grabbed my wrist roughly. “Come on, we’re going.”

I let her pull me up and away from the clients I had been working with. I felt a bit annoyed, but only a little. While pulling me, she lifted my hand and sniffed, and then made a disgusted face. I decided to speak up first before she could chastise me.

“What do you want me to do, mommy?”

She stopped for a second as if she wasn’t sure whether she wanted to let things pass or not, but she finally sighed. “I’ve got a customer who wants to play. She has particular tastes I think you’ll fulfill nicely.”

Was that so? It didn’t matter much to me. At least, that’s what I thought, but she didn’t have to bring me far. I was just dragged up the stairs and then taken to one of only three available rooms. This one wasn’t even the master bedroom, but smaller. As soon as I stepped inside, my expression faltered slightly. The woman was quite a bit older than what I was used to. Most of the janes I tasted were in their twenties or thirties. This was the first time that I was taken to one who must be sixty or so.

“My, my, isn’t my son growing up to be just like his daddy.” Another voice came as a man came out of the restroom, and my expression immediately fell.

“You…”

“Hello, son.” Dad smiled. “It’s been a while, hasn’t it?”

“What the hell is the meaning of this?” I demanded, glaring at Julie.

She seemed a bit surprised by my outburst, but she still answered. “Our guest has always wanted a father, son duo. She was willing to pay quite a lot to get her way. Now, be a good boy and give her what she wants.”

“Absolutely not!” I shot dad a hateful glare. “You think I want anything to do with this piece of shit? He’s the only reason I’m here.”

“Oh, sweetie.” Julie smiled gently, reaching out and touching my cheek. “That’s where you’re wrong.”

“W-what?” I asked as her expression darkened and her fingers tightened around my chin, digging into my cheeks.

“I’m the reason you’re here, and you’ll do whatever I want. If I say you need to suck your dad’s cock, you’ll ask me for spits or swallows. Understand?”

“It looks like you still haven’t got my son as trained as you claim.” Dad chuckled, but Julie turned and struck him with a backhand so quickly that he could barely react.

Slap! When he looked back up, rather than being angry at her, he directed a glare my way like it was my fault he had been struck. I felt extremely irritated, and my opinion of my father only seemed to drop.

“Noah, you’re a ho. Do what I say… unless you want me to hurt your family.” Julie gave me a dark grin toward me.

“You wouldn’t!” I snapped back, not sure how else to reply.

“You have so many sisters. I can hurt one at a time. I think I’ll hurt… the youngest first. What was her name? Bethany?”

I shook visibly, but in the end, I knew I couldn’t do anything. I imagined her pulling up with her group of gun-wielding henchmen in front of Bethany’s middle school, and the power just deflated out of me. My lips tightened, and I gave a stiff nod.

Julie’s smile finally lightened again, and a moment later I was pushed into the room with my father and the door was shut. Was I going to do this? Was I going to have a threesome with my dad and some old crow? There had been a few times in my life when I felt like I had reached my low, but this was the lowest I had ever felt. For the first time, I did feel like the ho that they had called me.

“Father and son, but you two don’t get along?” The old lady raised an eyebrow.

“Noah here is just nervous since it’s his first time.” Dad grabbed my shoulders almost like he was showing me off.

I wanted to shrug his hands off my shoulders, but there had been a gleam in the old lady’s eyes when she mentioned that we didn’t get along and I feared that it might be some kink of hers that I didn’t want to cater to. I gave an extremely phony and unconvincing smile while shaking my head. Her lips tightened a bit, but she sat on the bed.

“Alright then, start taking them off.” She ordered, and Dad finally let go of me as I grabbed for my shirt, but then she shook her head. “No! Take them off each other.”

“Hehe… naughty.” Dad gave a nauseating giggle.

I couldn’t even look him in the eyes. I remembered how he had looked when he had sold me off in the first place, and I could only feel rage and hatred. I didn’t even feel that much anger at Julie. She may have held me against my will, threatened me, and forced me into a life of prostitution, but that was just a part of her nature. On the other hand, my dad was supposed to be my father. He was supposed to protect me. Things shouldn’t have ended up like this.

I could only stand there stiffly as dad made a show of taking off my clothes. Whenever his hand touched anywhere, I grew even more disgusted and hateful. I was starting to hate everything. I hated this life, this world, and everything in between. I thought I could just ride it out until things got better, but I suddenly found that to be impossible. Just as I was about the reach my breaking point, the old lady said one more ridiculous thing.

“Bend over, boy, let your daddy fuck you.”

“E-excuse me?” I nearly threw up as I broke into a cough.

The old woman only seemed amused. “Don’t look so shocked. Daddy knows best. Daddy, why don’t you make your son nice and happy? Fuck him in the ass!”

For such an old shrew, she was practically a devil in disguise. I had looked over at dad, hoping for once in his life he woke up and realized how wrong everything was, but he had the same vacant smile and glazed expression he always had. It was an expression that lacked empathy or concern. He reached out and grabbed me.

“Come on, kiddo. This will be good money, and it’ll look really hot. I can triple my profits with you. Mommy might even buy me that car I want.” Before I really what was happening, he was pushing me down over the bed.

My head hit the mattress a foot away from the old lady, and I was so stunned by what was happening that dad was already on top of me before I could think. I could hear him playing with his belt, and only then did the reality of the situation come crashing home. My head began to shake wildly and I started to push against the bed.

I was a strong guy, but dad was a man too, and he already had down on the bed in a submissive position.

“No! Stop! No!” I started trying to thrash wildly. “We’re not doing this! Stop!”

The more I fought, the more excited the woman seemed to grow. She started touching herself just a few feet from my face. I could see her hairy crotch as her fingers moved.

“It is his first time.” She gave a toothy grin.

“It will only hurt for a bit, and then you’ll start to like it,” Dad assured me. “I know I did after my first time.”

With all of my strength, I threw myself to the side. I was horrified, exposed, abused, and angry. I wasn’t thinking about the potential ramifications. All I was thinking was that I was about to be raped by my dad, and it was probably the most fucked up thing I could imagine. I managed to just slip out of dad’s grip, falling off the side of the bed. I ended up faceplanting into the dirty carpet floor, my ass up in the air.

“Oh!” The old woman made a sound of surprise, poking her head out over the edge of the bed and looking down at me.

Dad seemed to follow me down. “Oh, you want to do it here, huh?”

He sounded like he was treating it all like a game, but there was a tinge of annoyance in his voice like he was angry I wasn’t just going along with it.

He was on top of me again. This time, he grabbed me tightly, pulling my arms behind my back so I couldn’t fight him. I was trapped, and all I could do was wait for the moment of penetration.

Boom! That was when all hell broke loose.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 138
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The entire house should as there was a massive crashing sound from the ground below. As I had been struggling with all my might, the distraction everything caused my dad allowed me to break free. I leaped over the bed and ran to the door, but the old woman was surprisingly spry and jumped in front of me.

“Where are you going?” She asked with a deviant grin on her face.

I could hear shouting and screaming from beyond the door. There was a lot of confusion. If I could get out there, I’d be able to get pretty far, even if I was naked. Yet, as my luck would have it, this bitch was standing right in my way to freedom. I could also hear my dad behind me, and his chuckle put a chill up my spine. Before I could move though, the door slammed open and the lady was struck in the back. She fell forward and I dodge her just in time.

A person charged in. They were wearing a leather jacket and had a ski mask over their face. They immediately reached out to me. At first, I thought it was my girlfriend, but something was off. She stopped just short of touching me.

“Put on your clothing.” A voice that was all too familiar came out.

It was a commanding voice that I had listened to and ignored on countless occasions.

“Mother?”

“I’m taking you home.” Her voice held more authority than I had ever heard her speak in her life. “Get dressed.”

I didn’t feel like I could argue with her. Instead, I reached down and started putting my clothes on. As I picked up the scattered clothes that were mine, and perhaps some that had been my father’s in my hurry, I heard a shout.

“Stay the fuck back!” Mom snarled.

I looked up to see her with a baseball bat. It was pointed at the woman on the bed. She had a displeased expression on her face and was trying to step toward me.

“I’m a paying customer,” The woman said.

“Like the hell you are!”

“Do you have any clue who I am?” The woman spoke while crossing her arms.

“When it comes to my son, I don’t give a damn.”

While they were talking, I was quickly putting on the rest of my clothing. As I put my shirt on, a caught my father in the corner of my eye. He had slinked off into a corner of the room, and he was approaching mom from behind. Whether it was because I was clothed now, or because mom was in danger, the previous fear and weakness I had felt dissipated like smoke. I ran forward without thinking, and just as dad lifted something in his hand, I shoved mom to the side and struck him with my fist.

Dad cried out, and the small pocket knife in his hand fell to the ground. Upon seeing that, I couldn’t help but grow furious. I had trusted him. I had given him money. Yet, after everything I had done, Dad had only returned awful things. He had robbed me, sold me as a sex slave, and even tried to rape me. Yet, none of it had ever made me truly angry. This, on the other hand, pushed me past the limit.

“You fucker!” I screamed.

I hit him, and then I hit him again. He fell to the floor like a lump. I jumped on top of him and continued to hit him. Every punch was harder and more violent than the last. Blood was on my knuckles, and I had no clue if it came from the knuckles or his face. Either way, it only made me want to hurt him more. I struck him over and over again, and he was crouching in a fetal position trying to protect himself from my strikes.

I vaguely was aware he was wailing and crying in an unmanly way, but that only made me want to hurt him more. This was the person I had been terrified of? This was the person that had made me feel so weak. I hated him, and I hated everything that he was.

Hand grabbed my wrists, and I turned and tried to hit who was grabbing me too, but I quickly realized it was mom. My wrists lost all of their strength, and I realized that I was sobbing even harder than my dad had been. Mom looked at me, and all I could see was her eyes through the ski mask filled with love. I broke into a sob, and my face fell into her chest. She grabbed me and pulled me to a standing position, but she didn’t pull me away. She allowed me to cry even as I held onto her.

“That’s okay. It’s okay.” She stroked the back of my head, and everything I had experienced the last few months seemed to no longer matter.

“I never should have left. I never should have-” I managed to get out, but then I broke into sobs again.

“It’s okay. Mom’s here.” Mom’s voice was soothing.

As I regained some of my sanity, I remembered where we were. This wasn’t a safe place. This was some street den. Mom had broken in to save me, but we were both in danger. I couldn’t waste time crying and sobbing. I quickly suppressed my pain, and pulled away, wiping my tears.

“It’s okay, mom. We can go.” I told her.

Mom gave a single nod, grabbing onto my sweaty palm with one hand and holding her bat with the other. I noticed the bat had some blood on it, and when I looked to the side, I saw the old woman lying on the bed. It was hard to say whether she was alive or dead. Now that she mentioned it, I did think I knew who she was. She was some kind of popular local judge. I had seen her on television one night. She was supposedly a male rights supporter and was fighting sex trafficking in the local area. Go figure. Whether she was dead or not, if she was found in this place, her career would be over. Good.

We left the room, and as we approached the stairway I couldn’t help but cough. A few minutes had passed since the explosion, but I now couldn’t see what caused the damage. All I could see was smoke. It was like a massive cloud of dust had been thrown up. It was only just reaching the second floor, but as we started to descend, we were entering the club. I had to pull up my shirt and breath through it to keep from coughing more.

“Ahh!” A woman suddenly jumped between us.

She had a bloody forehead, and she seemed to be enraged. She was screeching at my mother and looked about ready to leap on her. My mother was about to hit her with the bat when she suddenly lurched forward. Her head slammed into the stairway and she was dragged back into the fog. Mom’s eyes narrowed and she leaned forward.

“Who’s there?”

“Mom!” Two people appeared out of the fog.

“You found Noah?”

Two familiar girls were standing there. Unlike mom, they weren’t wearing ski masks, but they had dawned surgical masks which stood out in their way. I was worried, but I couldn’t help but feel a flood of happiness.

Mother’s eyes widened. “Kristy! Kelsey! Didn’t I say you guys were to stay back?”

“We were worried!” Kristy cried.

“Mackenzie came first!” Kelsey added.

“Mackenzie?” Mother’s eyes narrowed again. “Where is she?”

“Huh?” Kristy spoke as the two girls looked around. “We must have lost her in the smoke.”

“Damn it!” You two take Noah and I’ll go find her.

“Eh… you might want to find London and Dawn too…”

“They’re here too? You damn girls don’t listen to me at all!”

“What, you thought you were just going to go in and save Noah by yourself like Ms. McClane?” Kelsey sniffed.

“Whatever… just take him…”

“No!” I cried out as I realized they were trying to pull me toward the door. “We’re all staying together.”

“Noah…” Mom looked at me hesitantly.

I glared back at her, my hand tightening on hers. After a moment, she nodded and tightened her hand.

“We’re coming too!” Kristy grabbed my other arm, acting like it was a date rather than we were walking through a smokey house. “Brother, what are you wearing?”

“Ah… that looks like something Dawn would have, that pervert!” Kelsey agreed.

“I-it’s all that was available.” I tried to sidestep their invasion, suddenly feeling ridiculous in this getup. “Why is it so hard to see anyway?”

“Ah, that would be because of the car…”

We walked down the stairway to enter the entry room or the lack of one. The entire front door had been replaced by a car that had slammed into the house. Several walls had collapsed, sending up dust and drywall.

“It’s not clearing though, I think there might be a fire.” Mom warned.

“Wait, I recognize this car.”

The wheel started spinning, causing all three of us to jump. There was someone at the wheel, and they were trying to back up the car but it was completely stuck on rubble. The wheel turning only picked up and threw another way of dust into the air.

I squinted at the person in the driver’s seat. “I-I can’t believe she wrecked my car.”

“Sorry, Anne… you said you wanted to come along.”

“You said everyone wouldn’t fit in your car!” Anne cried out, but when she saw me, her cheeks blushed. “N-noah…”

“You… came for me?”

“I-it’s not like that… I was just worried about you since I hadn’t heard from you in so long so I came just as they were heading out.”

“I see…”

Before we could say anymore, I heard some commotion in the back. The group of us moved to the back of the house where we found the source of the fire. An oven seemed to have burst open and exploded. Fiery flames were being spurted around.

“Mackenzie! London? What are you doing?” Mom demanded.

“Trying to keep the house from exploding! You just had to drive a car into a house mom!” London cried out in exasperation as she poured water onto the flames.

Mackenzie was trying to fight the flames with the spray nozzle from the kitchen counter. They were both steadily failing as the fire was growing bigger.

“Guys, let’s get out of here before this house is an inferno.” Mom offered.

The two girls were about to protest, but when they saw me standing there several expressions went over their faces.

“You ended up rescuing him after all.” London pouted.

“Hehe… it’s mother’s intuition.” Mom puffed her chest out proudly.

“Come on, let’s go.”

Mackenzie dropped the nozzle and immediately headed away. Without her dousing the flames, they immediately rose with a woosh. London stumbled back before glaring at the other woman. Mackenzie tried to pass me without looking my way, but I grabbed her arm.

“Mackenzie?”

“Don’t touch me.” She snapped.

“Mackenzie, you came for me too.”

“Idiot.” She tried to pull her arm away, but I held tighter.

“I love you.”

“T-then don’t take off and scare me again!” She turned and glared at me, but when she saw my eyes, her expression turned awkward. “You can’t ever disappear again.”

“I won’t,” I said.

“Why does Brother’s relationship with Mackenzie seem more than just a brother and a sister?” Kristy asked.

“Shhh! If Mackenzie marries brother, then we’ll be double sisters, when we have sex with brother, it would be like incest times incest… that’s like super incest!” Kelsey explained.

“There is something wrong with your head.” London sighed.

“Ah! But where is Dawn?” Mom asked as we headed back to the family room.

“Here.”

“Hah? Where did you come from? And what is with that getup?” Mom asked as a woman dressed completely in black seemed to appear from nowhere.

“Isn’t that a ninja costume?” London asked.

“We wish to hide our appearance and sneak in.” Dawn explained.

“Did you seriously go to rescue your brother in a ninja outfit?” Mackenzie chastised her. “Do you think you’re a ninja?”

“Hai!” Dawn responded, blending back into the darkness.

“Ah! I can’t see her again.” Kristy cried.

“The outfit is super effective!” Kelsey added.

Perhaps… there was something wrong with a lot of sisters’ heads.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 139
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If I had hoped it’d be that easy leaving, I was bound for disappointment. The back was privacy fenced and partially on fire, so our only choice was to head out the entrance where the front door had been.

“We need to get going.” Mom stated, her expression turning serious as she pulled me toward the car.

Anne had gotten out, and she was now trying to push her car back over the rubble and out of the house to no avail. London grabbed her as we passed by.

“W-wait! My car!”

“There is no saving it,” London spoke without giving her room for argument.

I felt a bit bad. Anne was probably going to be in a lot of trouble because of that. You couldn’t drive a car into a drug dealer’s house and expect things to go easily. Leaving it behind meant that they’d be able to find out information about Anne. I wanted to say something to her, but the best we could hope for was that the fire took the car and all the evidence burned up.

Mom continued to drag me out onto the front lawn. In the commotion, most of the people had already fled the scene. When you were up to illegal activities and something loud, dangerous, and noisy went down, it wasn’t uncommon for everyone to scatter like roaches. I had hoped that Julie was one of those people, but as we walked past the fog and came out into the lawn, my hopes were immediately dashed.

Even if it was just her and her bodyguard, I wouldn’t have been so worried, but Julie was standing there with several new cars that had arrived in the intervening time while we were falling over each other in the house. There were at least ten girls in front of the house, and they were all armed. As soon as we walked out, I could hear the clicking as nearly a dozen guns were pointed in our direction. When Julie saw who it was, her serious expression turned into a mocking one and she threw her head back and laughed.

“You? This was because of you?” she spoke with incredulity. “I thought we were being raided by the FBI or attacked by some rival gang. Instead, it’s your family? I can’t believe a mere whore caused so much damage in so short a time.”

“He’s not a whore!” Kristy shouted.

“He’s our brother,” Kelsey added.

There was no point in hiding their identities, not that they were trying that hard in the first place. Since Julie knew everything already, we’d just have to go all out.

“Hmmm…” Julie looked over the family members around me.

There were seven women in all, including Anne. London, Dawn, Mackenzie, Kelsey, Kristy, and Mom were all involved. It looked like they had left Bethany behind. As the youngest, this was a situation too dangerous for her. Then again, I would have preferred Kristy and Kelsey didn’t get involved. Or Mackenzie. Or Dawn. I didn’t want any of them to get involved, but there they were.

“I’m going to go home with my family,” I stated.

“You think you can go home after causing this much damage?” Julie raised an eyebrow.

“Dead people can’t pay you,” I responded. “We’ll send you the money to make up your losses. I’ll work for it… um… legitimately… even if I end up working half my life.”

The girls had all glanced in my direction when I said I would work. Naturally, I wouldn’t be working that kind of life anymore, that was obvious. I meant every word too. If I could walk out of this situation without any of my family members being hurt, that would be for the best.

“Pay…” She made a face. “You think it’s about the money? I don’t give a shit about the money.”

I frowned. “Then why did you bother to even kidnap me.”

She made an irritated noise in the back of her throat, turning her head. “Why does anyone? It’s about control. It’s about taking some pretty, middle-class boy and corrupting him into a slutty hoe. It’s about making you into a sex object that does whatever I say. You do whatever I want, whenever I want. That’s how this relationship is supposed to go.”

“You bitch.” Mackenzie snarled.

“Oh?” She smirked. “You sound rather passionate. Are you sure you’re just his sister? It sounds like you might have some special feelings for him. Are any of you normal in the head? You thought you could just crash my party, literally, and then walk away unharmed?”

“You said it yourself, we’re middle-class white women. This is a free country. You think you can just gun us all down in the middle of the road without repercussions?” Mom asked.

“E-exactly!” Kelsey took some confidence from her mom’s words. “The cops will be here any second.”

Julie let out another laugh, lifting her hands and gesturing in either direction. “You see any cops, girl?”

Kelsey shrank back. She was still younger, and no matter how fool-hearty she normally was, there was a gang with guns trained on her and her family.

“She’s right, the cops really should have been here already.” London analyzed.

“They won’t come. I have control of this area, and connections in the department.” Julie chuckled. “I own this town. You don’t know who you’re messing with.”

“I know who I’m messing with,” Mom responded angrily. “You’re the bitch who stole my son from me. If you thought I wouldn’t come after him, you’re sorely mistaken.”

“Well? Take him?” She gestured with a grin. “If you think you can. Frankly, I don’t think you’ll get very far. This isn’t a movie, and you aren’t some action-star mother.”

Although Julie was being relentless, I could feel mom tensing. It felt like she really might just run up and attack the other woman despite all of the guns on us.

“What is it you want?” London asked, trying to diffuse the situation before mom did something reckless. “You could have already shot us, so what are you waiting for?”

“London!” Mackenzie glared at her, while the younger girls visibly shook.

“Want? I was my slut back. If you want to walk out of here in one piece, Noah stays with me. More than that, he’ll have to work extra hard and do whatever I want, and you’ll all get to know what I’m doing to him all the time, and won’t be able to do a thing about it.”

“Outrageous.” Mom took a step forward, but Julie moved faster, pulling a gun and firing it.

The bullet hit mom’s leg, and she let out a cry, falling to her knee and nearly pulling me down with her. I grabbed her to keep her from collapsing while also putting my way in front of her.

“Mom!” Kelsey and Kristy shouted.

“Stop!” I shouted instead. “Fine! Fine, I’ll stay with you.”

When mom had burst in, I had some kind of hope that things would turn out. However, the second I saw Julie waiting there, I feared things would end up like this. This was why I hadn’t contacted them in the first place. I didn’t want any of them getting hurt, and now my mother was shot. There was no point in continuing anymore.

“Noah… no.” Mackenzie cried out, although all of the girls were looking at me now with shock and concern.

Even mom, who had just been shot, gritted her teeth as she squeezed my arm. “I’m not abandoning you.”

I reached out and pulled the lock of hair from her ear. “I’m not abandoning you either. I love you, mom. I love all of you. I can’t let any of you be hurt.”

“No,” She shook her head defiantly. “You’re my man. I won’t give you up.”

“I will always be your man,” I spoke softly. “That’s why I need to leave. I will take care of this by myself, and I will be back. You just need to wait for me, okay? Just wait for me.”

“N-no! I can’t lose you again. We can’t…” Mom did something I had rarely seen her do since the world changed, I saw her cry. “I can’t…”

“Ooh… how sweat…” Julie spoke mockingly. “You all love your little weak house whore so much…”

“He’s our man!” Kelsey shouted. “Get it strait!”

“I’m sorry… wait for me.”

I pulled away from mom. She tried to grab me, but she stumbled on her bleeding leg. London moved forward and grabbed her, partially holding her up, and partially keeping her from coming toward me. The girls all watched as I walked over to Julie. My thoughts were on their safety though. Once I reached Julie, I lowered my head and stood next to her. Julie finally lowered her gun and grinned.

“That’s more like it,” Julie stated. “Now girls, break all of their limbs.”

“What?” My head whipped up. “You said they wouldn’t be harmed!”

“I said they’ll leave in one piece. Technically, all of them will still be together.” Julie snapped and the other women started advancing on the girls.

With their guns up, my family could only allow themselves to be beaten. I felt a furious anger explode inside me. It erupted to the surface like an explosion, and I reached out and grabbed Julie by the throat. She was surprised, fumbling for her gun, but I swatted it aside and lifted her, slamming her onto the hood of a car.

“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” She snarled in a shocked and raspy voice.

“You fucking bitch.” My fingers began to squeeze. “You think you’re strong. You think you’re hot shit. You’re nothing but a piece of shit.”

“You…” She reached up as her eyes bulged, her hands striking me several times, but I didn’t budge.

“All of this time, I merely humored you. Did you ever think you had control of me? Bullshit. You have no control. Do you think you can just break all of their bones? In that case, I’ll just break one of yours. You’re fucking neck!”

“Ggerrrgggl…” As her attempts to hit me failed, her expression turned to panic and she started to grab at my hand.

“Hmm? I can’t hear you. Where is your laughing? Your gloating? Where is that power you have? All that strength? If I’m a weak whore, do you know what that makes you?”

“Gggrrrggg…” Her eyes were bulging in disbelief.

“You’re the asshole who was strangled to death by a weak whore.” I whispered in her ear.

She started to slap the hood of her car desperately to get the attention of the other women. They had noticed and all of their guns were trained on me.

“Stop!” One of them shouted.

“Or what? You’ll shoot?” I snorted. “You better fucking make sure you kill me because I’m coming for each of you next!”

“Noah!” Mom cried out.

I was expecting the next moment that I was going to be shot a dozen times and collapse in a pool of blood. I planned to make sure I took her with me, either pulling her up in the way of the bullets or breaking her neck. I didn’t care which way. All I knew was that she would die. However, when I heard the first shot, I didn’t get struck. Blue and red lights appeared, and a dozen people seemed to appear from nowhere with their guns drawn.

“It’s the police! Put down your weapons!”

A few of the women who were previously pointing their guns at me dropped them and took off running. The rest were quickly tackled while other cops were in pursuit of the runners.

A hand grabbed my chest, and I jerked slightly. I looked over to see Abigail looking up at me.

“It’s okay. You can let go. It’s okay, you’re safe.” She spoke softly, her hand on the back of mine still around Julie’s neck.

I let go, and Julie rolled off the hood, gasping for air. She practically ran into the cop’s hands.

“Get me away from this freak!” She croaked, tears running down her eyes as the cops pinned her down and handcuffed her.

Like that, my ordeal seemed to have ended, but how?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 140
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I stood in a daze as Abigail stood nearby, looking me over. Julie was being taken away while my sisters were being checked out one after another. Those that had run away had already been caught and were being brought back to the cars in cuffs. It all happened so quickly that I still felt like I was in a daze, especially after everything that had happened.

“I don’t get it, Julie says she owns the cops.” Mom finally managed to approach me with the help of London.

There was an EMT who was trying to tie her leg up. Upon a closer look, it wasn’t much more than grazing on her outer thigh. It might give mom a scar, but it otherwise wouldn’t hurt her. The EMT was a man who was giving her helpless looks as she insisted on moving toward me. I gave mom and London a nod. The rest of my sisters were currently talking to the cops. The twins, in particular, were telling a detective the story while making it sound like an action flick in which they were the stars. I wanted to tell them to keep things under wraps, but the conversation around me caught my attention.

“Is that what she said?” A voice came from behind us. “Hmm… it’ll be good talking to her. Maybe we can do some spring cleaning.”

I looked over to see an unfamiliar man standing in uniform. He looked rather clean-cut and professional like that, and one might even call him charming. I started to feel like he was familiar, but I couldn’t put my finger on it. When a girl peeked out nervously from behind him, it all came crashing home.”

“Samantha’s dad?” I cried out. “He’s a cop?”

“You didn’t know?” Samantha came out into the open, looking a bit sheepish as she held her arm. “Dad used to be in the police force, but he retired. At the time, he could afford to because mom was making good money. Now that she’s… well… you know.”

“Bob?” Mom’s eyes widened. “I didn’t expect to see you back in blue.”

“Well, the chief always said I could come back. I just didn’t think I would end up in such a heavy case already… to think my daughter’s boyfriend would end up getting kidnapped.” His eyes narrowed, and for a second he looked rather dangerous. “I should have been able to do more.”

“No! Dad, you did enough just believing me.” Samantha looked slightly embarrassed.

Her dad blinked and then grinned. “Hehe… what am I saying, it’s my strong and womanly little girl who ran in and saved the day. What are you doing behind me? Why don’t you go sweep your love off his feet?”

“Dad!” Samantha panicked as her dad pushed her out in front of himself and pushed her toward me.

Abigail looked like she wanted to step in her way, but after a moment, she stepped aside. Samantha approached me, looking somewhat awkward.

“Hey, Noah.”

“Hey,” I responded.

“Kiss him!” Her dad whispered. “Say something heroic!”

“I got this!” Samantha shot him a look, her face red. “I… I was really worried about you… ah!”

I grabbed Samantha and pulled her to me. “Shut up and kiss me.”

I kissed Samantha roughly, and she melted in my arms. It felt really good, even though Abigail was practically fuming watching the two of us.

“I ran in there and saved her, where’s my kiss.” Mom huffed.

“Haha… eventually, we parents have to let go of our children.” Samantha’s dad approached my mom. “I know it’s hard for a mom to give up her son, but he needs this.”

“Tsk… that’s easy coming from a father. You can’t wait to set your daughters up with men.”

“Ahh… you’re not wrong.” The cop laughed. “However, it’s more than that. I have some personal experience when it comes to these kinds of cases. Your son was through a traumatic experience. He may start to hate women if he’s not allowed to recover properly.”

“H-hate women?” Mom’s eyes widened, and I pulled away from Samantha, a bit surprised at his words.

Samantha whispered in my ear, still breathing hard. “Dad retired after working a sex trafficking case. What they had done to those men had made him sick enough to leave the force. However, that’s why I also felt I should call him as soon as I found out what happened to you.”

“So, you’re the reason the cops came?”

“Not really…” She scratched the back of her head. “I just called Dad. Dad likes you. I think he sees you as the son he never had. He nearly turned the police station upside down making this raid happen.”

“I-I see…” I lowered my head. “Thank you, sir. I’m sorry if I made you relive some things.”

I suddenly felt really happy that I was on good terms with her dad. Even though I banged his wife, he never blamed me and even felt I was innocent. It turned out he had deep-rooted issues that I had never known about.

He shook his head, blushing slightly. “It was nothing. If anything, being able to save you gave me some resolution. I’m no longer scared to keep working on the police force. If anything, you helped me.”

“Well, you look good Bob… really good.” Mom seemed to give Bob and smile and a friendly touch on the arm.

He blushed. “I’m just glad I could protect your son… and a… um… handsome woman like you.”

“Handsome.” Mom’s eyes widened, and a pleased smile formed on her lips.

I frowned, pushing away from Abigail and Samantha and then grabbing my mother and hugging her. Bob and my mom looked down at me with wide eyes, while Abigail and Samantha’s expressions turned strange. I didn’t know what that was, but that was a development that I wouldn’t approve of.

“I guess he won’t start hating women just yet,” Mom responded, quite pleased.

Bob chuckled slightly, but a moment later he was called away by another police officer, and it was just the five of us. The two younger women looked awkwardly at me with my head pressed into my mom’s boobs until even I felt a bit bad. I pulled away, straitening my clothing, or at least what was left of it.

“Ah! Put this on!” Samantha took off her coat and then gave it to me.

I tried to resist, but it was warmer than what I had on and I was surprised that it was big enough to fit. It was a school varsity coat, and it was made of thick material. It also smelled like Samantha. It only reminded me of how much I missed everyone these last few weeks. I promised myself I wouldn’t cry though.

“How did you guys find out where I was anyway?”

“Some woman tried to leave a letter at my place,” London said. “At this point, we had already been frantically looking for you for a month. When I saw the letter came from you, I tackled them and forced them to explain everything.”

“She told you everything?” I asked worriedly.

“I was persuasive.” London shrugged. “Mom helped.”

Mom puffed out her chest. “I only tortured her a little.”

I couldn’t help but wince. I felt a bit bad. I had sent Jane out to pass a message to me, and she had only ended up getting the wrath of my mom and sisters.

“Yeah, but how did that lead you to this house? I wasn’t even here a short while ago?”

“That information came from Dawn. She found you… or at least your listing, on an online forum. We made an in-service appointment and this was the address.”

“They had me online?” I asked.

“You were wearing a mask.” Mom shrugged. “But, it wasn’t like I wouldn’t recognize my son’s penis. All of your sisters agreed that was your penis.”

“Mom!”

“Noah, why is your family so familiar with your penis?” Samantha asked.

“Nevermind!” I coughed. “So, then what happened?”

Samantha and Abigail both seemed curious to learn the answers to questions they were better off not asking, but Mom quickly continued.

“Oh, that’s right. We had snuck in first, but when we were told you were upstairs in a room, that’s when we decided to go on the offensive.” Mom declared as if this was a normal thing to do.

I let out a sigh. “I’m happy you saved me. I’m sorry I didn’t say anything sooner. I didn’t want any of your getting hurt.”

“Noah… we’re going to get hurt. But, we’re women. Women are way tougher than men, so don’t feel like you have to take everything on by yourself. We can take care of you, so don’t worry so much.”

“Y-yes… Mom, I won’t.”

“N-now… give your mom a kiss… like you did Samantha?”

“Hah?”

“Now, I know something is not right!” Samantha cried.

“It’s not like that!” I tried to defend myself while Mom tried to kiss me.

At that moment, there was a crash, and I saw a wall of flame come out from the still-burning building. The firemen had just started on it as it grew into an inferno, but a piece of it had suddenly collapsed. That’s what I thought, but the flames moved until there was a car. It had backed up out of the spot.

“Eh? That’s my car!” Anne cried out, running out into the street, waving her hands. “Hey!”

The car had been stuck, but after burning for a bit it had somehow managed to get out of the hole it had created. There were scorch marks on the car now, but it was surprisingly running.

I squinted at the person in the driver’s seat, and I recognized them immediately. “Dad!”

His face was bloodied and he was covered in soot. He looked completely awful, and his eyes seemed to hold a tinge of insanity. The cops had drawn their weapons and were telling him to get out of the car, but he didn’t seem to be able to hear any of them. His eyes were focused straight ahead.

“Put the car in park and get out.” One cop shouted.

“Ahhhhhhh!” he screamed as he had lost it, and then hit the gas.

The car lurched forward, and the cops backed off while ordering everything to move. As she pulled forward, there was one person who didn’t seem to grasp that they needed to get out of the way. Anne was standing in the middle of the road with her hands outstretched and a stupefied look on her face.

I found my legs moving before I could help myself. I raced into the street and shoved Anne out of the way. I could still hear dad’s screaming as the car picked up speed, but I didn’t have time to move. I could only look ahead into the headlights for a moment before the car struck me. I felt my body go horizontal and then my head hit the windshield.

Things went blank for a moment, and then I heard Anne’s voice. “Oh my god! He’s hurt! My car hit him! I’m sorry! I’m so sorry!”

“Get the ambulance! Now!” Mom shouted.

I tried to sit up, but I felt people holding me down.

“Stop! Noah… stop!” London was looking down at me with a fearful expression on her face.

“Noah! Noah!” I heard Mackenzie crying.

The white light flooded my vision, and then it fell to darkness. I felt all kinds of aches and pains in the darkness. It felt like days had passed, weeks. I was stuck in a place of pain and discomfort. Slowly, the sound started to return.

“How’s he doing?” A voice asked.

“Same as ever.”

“He’s so young. It was a car crash?”

“Yeah.”

“Who are those women who visit him every day?”

“That’s his mom and his sisters.”

“Lucky bastard, having so many women worrying about him.”

“He’s in a coma.”

“Even so…”

“You need help, Derek…”

The sounds became clearer and easier. I could hear beeping. I could start to sense light. Slowly, my eyes opened up. I was awake.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 141
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Beep. Beep. Beep.

I could hear the sounds of the machine pulsing away. Was that my heartbeat? I foggily looked around the room. There was a girl next to my bed. She had her back toward me as she scribbled on a chart, but I could see her side profile, and her behind wasn’t bad either. She was wearing nurse’s scrubs, but they were tighter than usual and showed off her butt nicely.

She looked kind of cute. She had a lot of makeup on and she had colored fingernails, the classic girl on the prowl. I had developed a good eye for the kind of woman who wanted to be hit on. Admittedly, that was mostly women in a world turned upside down, so perhaps it was better to say I was good at telling when a woman would rather be left alone, and she wasn’t the type.

In the past, a girl like her might have intimidated me. After all, she was in her early twenties, and I was a teenager. However, after months of enjoying women of all ages, an age gap of a mere 5-6 years didn’t feel like much anymore.

“Hey, cutie, what brought you to my bedside?” I asked, surprised when my voice came out in a weak croak.

The girl jumped, dropping her pen which snapped back onto a lanyard she wore around her neck. She turned around, fumbling to keep the chart in her hands as she looked at me wide-eyed.

“Y-you’re awake?” She asked.

I smiled. “The fronts not much worse than the back.”

She stared at me confused for a second, and then she followed my eyes which were on her nice rack. Her mouth opened, and then her cheeks turned red. She covered her chest and turned away from me.

“You’ve just woken up. You’re confused.” She seemed to be talking more to herself than me.

I let out a chuckle. “I’m not so confused when I see a girl who could use a good dick.”

She audibly gasped this time, but rather than the typical curious or intrigued look I expected when I came onto girls hard, her face turned red with fury.

“How dare you!” She grabbed a glass of water that was sitting on the bedstand and tossed it at me. “Pig!”

I let out a cry as ice-cold water splashed over my neck and face. I instinctively tried to sit up to keep it from running down my back, but at that moment I felt an extreme weakness. My body wasn’t working right, and I found myself falling to the side. The bed started going one way and I started falling the other way. The girl let out a cry, running to catch me. My head ended up landing on two soft pillows.

“Ghaa…” I let out a noise, feeling tons of soreness over my entire body.

I was panting hard as I tried to make my hands push me up. My feet were still up in the bed and my lower body was pressed against the nurse’s chest. Yet, my hands couldn’t seem to do more than grab at her pants. I grabbed onto the fabric just under her knees, but I could feel her pants sliding down slowly as she held me up.

“Y-you’re doing this on purpose!” I heard her cry, sounding nearly in tears.

“I’m not!” I insisted.

“You!” She pushed with her chest, and just before her entire ass was bared, she managed to shove me back onto the bed, nearly landing on top of me.

As soon as she was sure I wasn’t going to fall, she pulled away from me, her face red as she fixed her pants and shirt. She seemed upset.

“I’m sorry,” I said. “I didn’t realize I was so weak.”

“Hmph! You should be sorry.” She sniffed. “You sexually assaulted me!”

“Hey, you’re the one who dumped water on me!”  I shot back. “I’m just a weak innocent boy, aren’t you the one who is taking advantage of me.”

“You…” She wanted to say something, but then her eyes widened, and she looked away. “I’m sorry. You’ve been through a traumatic event. You would be very weak right now. You’re also probably a bit confused.”

“A little,” I admitted, feeling like this nurse was acting a bit… well, feminine.

Perhaps, it came with the job. Certain fields just had a certain type of person. Regarding gender roles, someone who would be a nurse is probably more entuned with their feminine side.

“I understand…” She let out a sigh, looking back at me. “After you were hit with that car, you’ve been… ah!”

She had just looked back at me, only to notice a tent had formed in my sheet. Whether it was because I had just woken up, or because I  had gotten a good feel of her body while leaning against her, I was rock hard. I had spent countless mornings being greeted to having one sister or another in my covers servicing me. Sometimes, I’d open my eyes to a girl naked and in sixty-nine over my body as she sucked my member. That’s how Mackenzie liked to wake me up. Thus, my morning erections were on another level, it was the Pavlov’s dog of cocks, and only by cumming could it be relieved.

Yet my hands didn’t have much strength to them, even if I wanted to jack it. Thankfully, I never had to go far to find a willing participant.

“You going to take care of it?” I asked.

“I was right, you are a pig!” She cried out, but her face didn’t look as angry as before.

“You say that after making me wet?” I asked, lowering my wet gown and exposing some of my chest.

She didn’t gawk at my chest at all. This girl was good. However, her cheeks did redden a bit.

“Who’s the wet one here?” She demanded.

“It wouldn’t be you, would it?” I gasped.

This time, her red face was pure embarrassment. “That’s not what I meant!”

“Come on. I won’t tell if you don’t.” I smirked.

This time, her eyes fluttered to my cock with temptation, although my cool expression on the outside didn’t match my confusion on the inside. I had never had to work so hard to get a girl to go all the way. Usually, by the time I made it clear I was interested, she was already stripping down to her panties. Although I was confused, I felt a kind of excitement too. This was far more enjoyable when victory wasn’t assured. Breaking down her restrictions one after another had its excitement too.

“You keep sexually harassing me.” She spoke, nearly in a pout.

“I don’t think that means what you think it means,” I responded. “I’m the guy here… and I’m in bed and defenseless. Although, I won’t cry sexual harassment no matter what you do.”

She let out a little sound of disbelief, and then there was a long pause as she stood there. My heart was beating loudly now, and my erection was showing no signs of disappearing. Just when I thought she was going to walk out though, she bit her lip and then walked over to my side.

“You won’t tell anyone!” She hissed at me. “About me throwing water at you… and you nearly fell out of bed?”

“Your secret is safe with me.” I grinned.

The nurse gave a nod, and then she carefully went to my bedside table and opened it up. She pulled out some gloves and put them on, and then what looked to be a bottle of ointment. I realized it said personal lubricant. She squirted some on her hands, rubbed them together, and then while carefully lifting the sheet with one, she reached in with the other.

I felt a little hurt that she was wearing gloves, but seeing as she was a literal nurse and we were in a hospital, it was kind of hot too. I let out a moan as her hand wrapped around my member. Her fingers were unexpectedly warm, and the lubricant immediately made them slippery. She kept one hand pressing the sheet down, while her second hand started to work its way up and down on my member. She was jacking me off while standing erect. If someone walked in, they’d be hard-pressed to notice she was doing anything inappropriate. The only thing I could hear was the constant beeping of my heart monitor and the occasional murmur of someone down the hallway.

“Oh god, you’re such a good girl,” I groaned as she jerked me off harder.

“You… be a good boy and finish already.” She whispered nervously, her eyes darting to the doorway as her hand started moving fast enough it could be seen through the sheets.

I reached into the sheets and grabbed her wrist, helping her as she stroked me. “I’m getting close.”

“Ah!” She gasped when I touched her wrist, her hand stopping momentarily in mid-stroke.

“Keep going.” I encouraged her, my free hand reaching out and touching between her legs.

She instinctively tightened her legs. Her hand on the sheets instinctively let go as she reached to stop my hand, but as I started to rub her, her hand stopped. Her breaths had quickened now, and she let out a little moan. Her legs loosened up again and she spread them. To my surprise, she grabbed my hand, and pulling down the front of her scrub pants, she brought my hand directly into her panties. I could feel now that she was wet.

My fingers began to work their magic, and her hand continued as well. We started to mutually masturbate with each other. I couldn’t hold on any longer. With her lubricated hands and her head start, I started cumming.  I came all over the sheets and her hand, creating quite a mess under the linens. As my cock started to soften, her hands slowed and she looked down at me with flushed cheeks.

She went to pull my hand out from her pants, which surprised me. “I’ll finish you too.”

She blushed. “I-I’m good. I finished.”

I blinked, a bit surprised. Girls were usually very aggressive with their orgasms. They made a lot of noise and announced it. I realized quickly though that she had orgasmed at the same time as I did. She finally pulled her hand from under my covers, and it was covered in the white stuff. She pulled the sticky glove off, and I had to admit it was convenient. Compared to what was going on under my sheets, she got off lucky. I had drenched it. I was a little shocked by how much I had cum. You’d think it was my first load in months. Her eyes seemed to be shocked as well.

As the glove fell into the trash with a plump, I reached out and squeezed her butt. “We’ll have to do it raw next time.”

“N-next time…” she looked over at me as if she didn’t know what to say.

“Noah!” I heard a familiar voice. “You’re awake.”

“Mom?” I turned to see mom at the door.

Mom can over and threw her arms around me, hugging me tightly. I was back in her familiar chest. The nurse had been fun, but this felt comforting, especially since I was a little confused. I remembered getting hit by the car, so I assumed I had just woken up after that.

“I’ll let the doctor know.” The nurse quickly fled the room, leaving me alone with mom.

Mom stiffened as the woman passed, straightening herself and following her as she left the room in a hurry.

“That woman… I don’t care what people do on their breaks, but she could have at least cleaned herself after. She smells like a… ah… never mind, sweetie.”

I couldn’t help but laugh. Mom was pretty cute when she was jealous. I wasn’t going to admit to the fling in front of her, so I was content letting her think the nurse was just doing a doctor on her break or something.

“Mom, I love you.” I reached out to mom.

Mom looked down at me, a bit stunned. “I love you too honey.”

“Now, give daddy some love.” My smile turned mischievous as I reached out a grabbed her nice behind, pulling her on top of me.

My tongue found its way into her mouth and I gave mom a thorough kiss.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 142
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Mmm! Mmm!” As I kissed mom, I felt her trying to pull away.

Although I was strong for a man, I knew my mom was stronger, especially in my current weakened state. She could have quickly broken away, but she was trying to move in a manner that wouldn’t hurt me. I let go of her and she pulled away instantly with a gasp. Her cheeks were red and she covered her mouth.

“Noah! What do you think you’re doing?”

“Hmm?” I raised an eyebrow. “Giving my mom a kiss?”

“That’s right! I’m your mother. That isn’t an appropriate way to kiss your mom!” As she spoke, her eyes shifted to the doorway.

My mouth opened for a second, but then I gave a small nod. Mom was never that secretive about her perverted nature, but she still had some decorum to remain. As far as anyone was concerned, we were biologically related. If I went around making out with her in public, it could probably get her in a lot of trouble. If I kissed a sister, it would lead to questions, but if I kissed my mom romantically, it could get her thrown in jail.

On top of that, we were in a hospital and professionals there would probably have to report something like this. Considering I had just woken up, I didn’t need CPS being called on my family. Knowing my sisters, they’d probably say something stupid and get us split up. How could I live without getting fondled by my sisters daily? It was strange how much my attitude toward them had changed.

“I’m sorry, mom.” I lowered my head sheepishly.

Mom straightened her blouse and sighed. “It’s okay. You’ve been in a coma for some time. The doctor said that when you woke up, you may be confused. You may not recognize us, and your behavior might be off for a few days. I’m just glad you know who I am.”

I blinked. “A coma?”

Mom frowned. “They didn’t tell you? You’ve been in a coma since the accident. You do remember the accident, right?”

“How can I forget?” I made a face. “That car hurt.”

Her shoulders relaxed and she nodded. “You’ve been in a coma ever since. I started worrying that you would never wake up.”

“Never wake up?” I looked at her nervously. “How long was I out?”

“Five months.”

“Five months!” I sat up again, but the weakness and dizziness overtook me.

Mom put a hand on my chest and pushed me back down. “It’s okay, honey. You don’t need to worry about any of that. You just need to worry about getting better.”

“So… it’s summer now?” I asked, trying to get my head on straight.

“No, it’s spring. Hmm… if you recover quickly enough, you might even be able to make it to prom.”

“Spring… prom…” I grabbed my head, feeling like none of this was making a whole lot of sense.

Prom was only a month away and it was spring when I got hit. If I got hit and lost five months, then it should have been summer again. I would have missed all of my schooling.

“Ma’am?” There was a light knock on the door before anything else could be discussed.

A nurse was standing there, not the same one I had played with before. She had a folder in her hand.

“The doctor will be in to see him in a bit. Can you please sign some documents?”

“Oh! Yes, of course.” Mom nodded, giving me one last look before walking out into the hallway.

A few minutes later, a man walked in wearing a lab coat. I felt a bit uncomfortable seeing that my doctor was a man, but then I wondered if that was sexism. It was just that I preferred the directness of women, and men could be a bit passive-aggressive. I didn’t need him taking concealed digs at me.

That’s what I had thought, but all he did was take my vitals, asking a few pointed questions about how I was feeling. He asked if I was dizzy, hungry, or in pain. He asked what my weaknesses felt like and where they were strongest. He wrote down everything with a strait professionalism that I appreciated. That was until he was using his stethoscope to check out my breathing.

“Take in a breath.” He declared, “And again…”

As he spoke, his eyes wandered to the doorway. We could see the nurse’s station straight from my room. It made what I had done with that nurse earlier even more scandalous. It was pure luck that we weren’t caught. At least, I understood why my mother was being careful.

“That mother of yours, I noticed she’s not wearing a ring.” He declared.

I frowned. “My dad’s not in the picture.”

That was an understatement of the year. My dad was a whore who had tried to run me over with a car. I wondered if he had that kind of information in his charts.

“I see… I see…” He nodded. “You know, she’s a very beautiful woman.”

What was with guys lately making moves on my women? I considered telling him something bad about her, such as she had herpes or something, but that wouldn’t be fair to my mother.

“Are you done?” I asked sharply.

He had been looking at my mom and hadn’t asked me to do anything with my breaths for a solid thirty seconds. He jerked, and then let out a laugh.

“Ah… yes, yes… you’re doing fine, for a man who ended up in a coma, at least. A young strong boy like you should be able to get out of here by tomorrow. We’ll keep you one day for observation, and that will be it.”

“Thank you, doctor,” I responded.

He seemed to be feeling the growing hostility I was giving him, and quickly stood up and announced his departure. A few moments later, I was alone in my room again. Just as I was thinking about turning on the television or something else, the door burst open and another familiar face came in. I couldn’t help but smile.

“Mackenzie.”

She gave me a sharp look, and then let out a breath of relief. “Mom just called and said you had woken up. I rushed over here.”

“Ah… you missed me that much?” I teased.

“Who’d miss you?” She responded darkly. “Mom has been extremely stressed since the accident. I’ve had to support her and keep the family together.”

My expression turned stuff. “I had heard it was a while. Five months… I’m so sorry.”

Her cheeks turned slightly pink and she didn’t meet my eyes. “It’s not your fault. The driver should have been paying better attention to the road.”

“Paying attention?” I let out a bark of laughter. “I was deliberately run over!”

She gave me a side look. “Noah, you shouldn’t act that way. They’re very guilty about it. They’ve come here three times to see how you were doing and were in tears every time.”

I couldn’t believe what Mackenzie was saying. “You’re not believing those tears, are you? He’s a bastard! I can’t believe he’s not in jail!”

“He?” Mackenzie shot me a confused look, and then walked over to the side of the bed and put her hand on my forehead. “Are you feeling okay? Are you hot?”

I grinned, not able to help it when I saw my sister near me. I took a quick look out the door. The nurse’s station was empty and even my mom had gone somewhere else. I eagerly reached out and grabbed Mackenzie’s side. She let out a yelp, standing up and looking down at me in confusion.

“What are you doing?” She demanded.

“Did you miss me?” I asked, smiling.

“Miss…” She looked at me dumbly.

I wasn’t sure why she was playing cute, but I didn’t mind the game. I wrapped my arms tighter around her, and I felt her body shake slightly.

“I love you, and I missed you.”

Her cheeks turned red, and her eyes dropped. “You must have hit your head harder than I thought.”

“I’m being serious.” I declared. “I don’t think I can live without you. You’re beautiful, you’re smart, and you’re cute.”

Her eyes widened, nearly popping out of her sockets. “N-noah… wh-wh-what are you saying?”

“You may be my dense sister, but you can’t be that dense.” I laughed. “Let me make it clear for you.”

I pulled her down to me, and then kissed her lips. She was completely stiff for a moment as I kissed her, but slowly her eyes closed and her mouth grew slack. My tongue went into her mouth, and I started to kiss her more aggressively. She started letting out cute little moans, as she leaned helplessly into my chest. This was more like what I was expecting. I was a bit surprised she didn’t jump on top of me and start riding my cock. Well, that might be a bit much with the door opened, but I couldn’t help myself when it came to Mackenzie.

My relationship with her was a bit different than with my other sisters. We weren’t related by blood, and Mackenzie had been in love with me even before the switch, or at least that’s what I had come to believe. I loved Mackenzie too. It was a sharper, more tangible love than what I felt for my mom or my other sisters. It was closer to the love I had for Samantha. I knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her, one way or another.

It had taken my time being pulled away from my family, the month while I was trapped in sex trafficking, to realize just how truly strong those feelings were. Now that I had a moment to express them, they all came flooding forth at once. My hands reached toward the best places, one grabbing her breast, while the other grabbed her butt. She let out a cry into my mouth, her eyes popping open. She then pulled away so abruptly that I couldn’t help but let her go.

She stared down at me with a surprised face that was solid red. Slowly, her expression turned from confusion to fury. A second later, a slap struck my face. My head went sideways, and the world started to spin around me. She had hit me hard enough that I was dazed.

“Mackenzie! What do you think you’re doing?” I heard another voice that sounded familiar.

“L-london?” I blinked, noticing that not just London, but the rest of my sisters were there.

“H-he… he touched my butt!” Mackenzie cried out, pointing her finger at me accusingly.

“What?” London asked incredulously.

“Ah! I’m sorry about that.” I heard mom say. “I meant to warn you all before you came in.”

The girls all turned to mom, who ran back into the room from the hallway, breathing a bit heavily as she gave everyone an apologetic look.

“Warn us?” Dawn asked. “About what?”

“Noah just woke up. He’s still a little confused. He got a bit… grabby with me too.” Mom explained. “it’s just the coma scrambled his brain up.”

Mackenzie shot a look at me, her cheeks still red, and then back to mom. “Really? Is that it?”

“Yeah, just… um, watch your body around him.” Mom tried to laugh it off, scratching the back of her neck.

All of the girls gave me various levels of disgusted looks. They were the kinds of looks I hadn’t seen on their faces in ages.

“I knew it, Brother is a complete creep.” Kelsey made face.

“He’ll even touch his sisters. Gross.” Kristy nodded.

“It’s probably not something intentional. Comas regularly mess with people’s brains. He probably didn’t even realize he did it.” London explained, prompting the other girls to stare at her. “What?”

“You’re a waitress… why are you acting like you know anything?” Dawn asked.

London’s face flushed. “I… I used to want to be a doctor once. I watch a lot of medical documentaries!”

“That doesn’t make you a doctor.” Dawn shook her head.

“I never said it did!” London shot back, the two of them starting to bicker.

“I see… so it’s just that.” Mackenzie seemed to relax, but there was a strangely disappointed look on her face that the other girls didn’t notice because they were too busy arguing with each other.

However, I didn’t notice much either, because I had finally managed to connect the dots. It was the statement about London being a waitress that hit me the hardest. Everything else strange could have been excused away or written off as a quirk. However, one of the biggest differences caused by the role reversal had been London. The London I was most familiar with was a doctor. She married a bimbo who latched onto her because she was a doctor. He claimed he supported her as she became a doctor, and that was why London had been guilty enough to hold on to him for many years until I could inevitably break them apart.

In my original world though, that bimbo had the aspiration to make it big with his band, and my sister had forgone her college education to support him as he worked to make it big, something that never ended up happening. In other words, I was back in my original world!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 143
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Your vitals are good. You’re a strong young man. I think we can release you today.”

It was the next morning, and a doctor had come to do my morning vitals. Once realizing the world had changed again, I hadn’t spoken much more than replying when I was spoken to. My family hadn’t stayed around too long. Mom had work, and I wasn’t that close to my sisters. Once they confirmed I was fine, they left one by one. The person who had stayed the longest was Mackenzie, but she spent the entire time scowling at me. Occasionally, she would reach for her face, shake her head, and then glare harder.

I suppose she had a right to be angry. I just suddenly attacked her without warning. I had to start thinking normally again. I was a little surprised at how quickly it all came back to me. Well, I had watched a bit of television, and it wasn’t like the news would let me forget.

“The women’s march is currently going on…”

“Equal pay!”

“Down with the patriarchy!”

You know, it was funny. For a society allegedly controlled by the male population, entertainment, news, and media just could not stop talking about women. Every channel was going on and on about how oppressed women were. In some ways, I had gotten to experience that so-called oppression myself, and while I agreed, there were plenty of things that sucked about being a woman, it wasn’t so great being a man either. This is why both roles were needed. That’s what my time in that world had taught me.

I shook my head. What was I talking about? What time? I had been in a coma for the last couple of months. I didn’t travel to some other world. I had an advanced hallucination. I even asked the doctor about it, although I didn’t expose the nature of what I experienced, and he confirmed that it just stuffed my mind was made up while I was unconscious. None of it was real. Losing my virginity? Didn’t happen. Getting close to my sisters and my mother? A joke. My girlfriends? Never even met me.

In my mind, I had brought my entire family together. I had multiple girlfriends, a group of loving sisters who adored me, a mom who lived for me, and unlimited sex, and that was just the start. It was all pure fantasy, some wish fulfillment my brain had created. Now, I was in the real world, and everything just felt ordinary. I was barely a man, and my house was just as broken as it always had been. Bethany still thought I was gross, and Mackenzie still hated me. The twins kept their distance. Dawn ignored me. London and I didn’t even have a relationship, and she was still dating that asshole. Everything sucked.

I looked over at the window. It was barred shut. I had already tried it. Perhaps, a sudden fall and a hit would put me back in a coma. It would bring me back to that world. Of course, I could just as quickly die. I knew I was being a hypocrite. Many times, I had even wanted to return to this world while I was there. However, that was with the assumption that everything I had experienced up until that point would still hold. The things I had done mattered… and now they didn’t.

It was a feeling that left me empty and drained. Although everyone had seen my behavior drop since waking up, not a single person commented on it. In my family’s minds, I was just going back to normal. They didn’t know what I knew. They hadn’t lost what I had lost. I had almost forgotten what it felt like to be the awkward, depressed geek I had been before, the boy who jacked off into his sock while looking at pirated copies of porn DVDs while trying to be quiet so his sisters didn’t hear him.

This world did have one good thing that happened. There was that one nurse whom I had gotten to play with while I was still under the impression things were like they used to be, but I hadn’t seen her since we had done that. I had asked about her, and she called in sick today after leaving her shift. Rather than coming back for seconds, she was traumatized by what happened. She likely resented and hated me. I was lucky she hadn’t told someone and gotten me in trouble for sexual assault. The best I could hope for in this world was that I didn’t end up in prison. It was that kind of world now.

As I was tuning out the television and feeling sorry for myself, I suddenly felt like I was being watched. I turned to see a girl standing in the doorway. I recognized her immediately.

“Anna.”

“You-you know my name?” She blinked, shaking her head. “Ah, you’re awake now.”

“Of course, I know you’re na-” I began, and then stopped myself. “Hi, I’m Noah.”

I shouldn’t know her name. I shouldn’t recognize her either. I had never met Anna. She had been in my coma world, but how did I know what she looked like and her name? As my heart started beating slightly faster, I quickly pushed away those thoughts. It wasn’t that unreasonable. I was hit by her car. I must have gotten a glance at her before she hit me. Maybe, my eyes opened and closed a few times and I got a look at her. Maybe, while in my coma state, I heard others use her name. It wasn’t abnormal for a coma patient to pick up things happening externally and incorporate them into his dream world. That’s all that happened.

“Y-yeah…” She let out an awkward laugh as she pushed back her hair. “I know your name too.”

Anna had changed like everyone else, but the more I looked for changes, the more I saw similarities. She was still a bit geeky, and still a bit timid. She didn’t meet me in the eyes and she seemed embarrassed to be there. Could my coma have guessed her personality? I sat up, my mind focusing on her with more attention than I had given anything since I had discovered the truth.

“You go to an all-girls school.”

She looked at me in surprise. “How did you know?”

“Ah… the badge…” I nodded.

She was wearing her school uniform. It was pretty obvious that she went to a private school, and familiarity with that particular badge could have told me what school. I only noticed when I pointed it out but had I subconsciously noticed it before?

“R-right…” She touched her badge and then looked down, her hands pulled tightly together in front of her.

“You hit me with the car, right?” I continued when I realized she wasn’t going to say anything else.

Her face turned red. “It was an accident! I didn’t expect you to… I mean… I didn’t realize…”

She didn’t seem to be able to get the words out. I knew what I wanted to say though.

“You want to know how you can make it up to me?” I asked.

She looked at me for a second and then nodded shyly. “Y-yes…”

“A date.”

She blinked, and then looked at me in confusion. “What?”

“You need to take me on a date.” I shrugged.

“You want… to take me out?”

“Huh?” I cocked my head. “I said you have to take me on a date. You hit me. Why would I take you out?”

“Ah! That…” She pushed her fingers together, and after a few seconds of thought. “I’m sorry, I have a boyfriend.”

“Well, your boyfriend doesn’t need to take me on a date.” I shrugged. “So, what does some made-up person have to do with this.”

Her mouth fell open. “Ah… he-he’s not made up!”

“So, after hitting me with a car, after putting me in a two-month coma, destroying my school year, and possibly causing long-term damage, the only thing I ask is for a meal, and you can’t even provide that?” I asked, shaking my head in mock disgust. “Why did you even bother to come in? Did you think you could just bash your eyelashes, say sorry real sweat, and then not owe me anything?”

“That’s not true!” She protested, taking several steps toward me and grabbing my arm, her eyes filled with tears. “I was guilty. I was scared you’d never wake up.”

“Okay.” I looked her in the eyes. “Then, what’s the problem with asking me out? It’s not that hard. We go somewhere, you buy my dinner, and then you have no reason to be guilty anymore.”

She stared back, biting her lip, but after a moment, she nodded. “Okay. We can go.”

“Go what?” I asked innocently. “I’m not asking you out. You’re asking me out. You need to do it. You need to say the whole thing.”

“You!” She glared at me angrily.

“Yes?” I rest my chin in my hands, looking at her sweetly.

Her anger melted and she put her hand over her mouth and turned away. When she turned back, her expression was smooth.

“Will you… go on a date… with me?” Her face slowly grew redder as she spoke, enunciating each word.

“Yeah, maybe, if I have time.” I shrugged.

“Y-you!” She pinched my arm angrily.

“Hey! You’re assaulting me! First, you put me in a coma, and now you’re attacking me? Help! Help! Nurse! I’m being assaulted.”

“I’m not assaulting you!” Anna stomped her foot, looking quite cute in her frustration and embarrassment.

“Okay, then. My mistake.” I smiled, causing Anna to stumble at the sudden change in my behavior.

“O-okay… then.” Anna nodded, her cheeks still red.

“This is the part where you give me your phone number.” I coughed.

“Ah! Y-yeah! It’s…” She pulled out her phone.

“Here, give me your phone!” I swiped it from her as soon as she passed the unlock screen.

“H-hey!”

“I’m putting my number in and taking yours. Here’s a test…”

“You don’t need to be so thorough.” She spoke with a pout.

“Sure, I don’t, boyfriend girl.” I scoffed.

“That!” She looked away, blushing again. “Maybe… I don’t have a boyfriend.”

“Yet…” I responded, finishing and handing her back her phone.

“Yet?”

“Don’t be so quick, you haven’t even taken me on one date yet.” I shrugged.

“That’s not what I… you…” She shot me another glare, but as she looked away, a small smile was on her lips. “You’ll call me?”

“I have to call you?”

“Be serious!” She bounced on her heels slightly, her eyes locked on me as she put her phone in front of her lips.

I reached out and touched her hand. “I’ll call you as soon as I get home, and we’ll set up that date.”

“It’s a date!” She responded, then realizing how silly her response was, she blushed, backing away. “I’ll see you then.”

I waved. “See you.”

She bit her lip, and then turned and ran out of the door, nearly tripping at the doorway. I used to think women were hard to read, but Anna was really easy. Playing with her emotions was simple, and even though she was initially closed off anyone who wanted to ask her out, I had gotten her to agree to it in only a brief conversation. Before I turned away from the door, another person entered. They stepped into the room in a way that made it clear they had been waiting just outside until Anna left.

“Mom?” I asked.

“You got a date?” Mom asked, her eyes wide in surprise.

“Ah… that?” I was going to refuse it, not wanting to make Mom jealous, but then I remembered this wasn’t that kind of world and changed what I was going to say. “Is that okay?”

“Yeah. Why wouldn’t that be okay?” She asked, genuinely confused.

“Um, she’s the one who hit me with a car.”

“Oh… that. She seems like a nice girl. You can’t hold a single mistake against her. You’re awake now, so what does it matter anyway?” Mom waved it off. “I’m just wondering when my son became such a smooth talker.”

She looked at me like she was waiting for an answer, and I could only give a vague laugh. “Who knows…”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 144
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“I don’t have a lot of time right now. I have to go to work in a few hours. I’m just going to have to take you home.”

This was the day I was finally released. After a small checkup, the doctor gave the okay, and Mom had come alone to take me out of the hospital. Since I had woken up, it had mostly been just mom. I supposed I had scared Mackenzie away when I suddenly attacked her, and when it came to my other sisters, we simply weren’t that close. I felt an aching in my heart as I thought of that. I missed the relationship I had with my sisters, and to see it all disappear just like that, was a lot to handle. Mom hadn’t said much. She looked tired and overworked. When we entered the car, she made such an announcement.

“Can I get something to eat on the way?” I asked.

“They didn’t feed you in the hospital?” Mom asked, a look of irritation on her face before she quickly smoothed it out. “I’m sorry, honey. There might be something in the fridge at home.”

“It’s fine.”

“Now, honey, I know you were just sick, but maybe fast food isn’t the right thing to have when you’re still sick- wait, what?”

“I said it’s fine.” I smiled at her. “Let’s go home.”

Mom stared at me for a second, and then snapped out of it. “Ah, okay.”

Things were different now. I couldn’t help but think that had this been the other world, mom would have done whatever she could for me. She was such a son-con. This mom wasn’t the same as that mom, but she wasn’t bad either. The old me definitely would have acted childish and angry that she wouldn’t even take me out after such a tragic event. However, I was different now too. I could see her exhaustion.

As we left the hospital and headed down the road, I couldn’t help but watch her out of the corner of my eye. I still hadn’t confirmed how similar things were between this world and my coma world. My earlier conversation with Anna had given me some hope, but I could have been seeing connections that weren’t there or were even explainable given the context. However, there was one thing that I knew in that world that I didn’t know in this world. It was a big thing too, and if it was true, then I might as well assume it was all true.

“Mom…”

“Yes, honey?” Mom responded instinctively, her eyes still focused on driving.

I bit my lip. At one point, I felt angry that mom hadn’t told me all of this earlier. Now, I understood it completely. It wasn’t something easy to talk about. How could I just tell her?

“You’ve been working hard, all the time, to take care of us,” I spoke slowly.

“Not enough…” Mom sighed, and when I looked at her, she blushed. “It’s not your fault, honey. I’ll cover the hospital bills somehow.”

“I’ll work it off,” I responded.

“What?”

“I’ll get a job and work it off. I was the one in a coma, I should pay for it.” I responded, my hands tightening in my lap. “It’s the least I could do.”

“Honey, you just need to worry about graduating from school next year. It’s my responsibility to take care of my children.” Mom responded.

“You shouldn’t have to do it all by yourself,” I responded. “You don’t have to…”

“It’s fine, Noah. What’s bringing this on? We all have to live with the choices we make. That’s why you kids should make the best choices for you.”

“Like London marrying that looser?”

“Honey… don’t call him that. He’s going to be your brother-in-law soon.” Mom responded, but she didn’t seem upset by my words.

“I wouldn’t consider him a brother even if he was my brother.” I snorted. “Family take care of each other. He’s spent his entire life mooching off of London. He hasn’t done a thing for anyone but himself.”

“Noah!” She gave me an admonishing look before turning back to the street. “I don’t necessarily disagree that he’s not the best choice, but neither of us has the right to get involved.”

“You could not help them with the marriage.”

“Is that what this is about?” Mom asked incredulously. “Are you worried I’m going to spend what little money we have on London?”

“No, mom.” I closed my eyes. “That’s not what I mean.”

“Then, what? Explain yourself.” She responded, sounding a bit upset.

“I’m going to take care of you!” I responded, nearly shouting. “I’m going to take care of you and my sisters. I haven’t stepped up all this time, and it’s about time I do.”

Mom’s eyes darted to me, and she let out a laugh. “Are you okay? Should we go back to the doctor? What is this about?”

Feeling like my words weren’t getting through this time, I gave up on beating around the bush.

“I know, mom.”

“Know what?”

“I know about the affairs!” I declared. “I know about Mackenzie.”

Mom’s expression turned cold, my hands tightened on the wheel and she slowly parked on the side of the street before turning to me. “Did London say something?”

I shook my head. “No, mom… it’s not important.”

“Who told you… your father?”

“What? I have no father…”

“That bastard!” She slammed her hands on the wheel. “What did he do this time? Look, whatever he told you…”

“I know the whole story!” I cried out. “I know about the party. I know you were raped.”

“Raped…” Mom seemed shocked. “I was… drunk.”

“You were passed out.” I shot back. “Ms. Dean sent the copyboy in because she was jealous of your relationship. She got you drunk and then had you raped.”

A wave of expressions crossed mom’s face. I saw confusion, frustration, realization, anger, and rage. Her body shook, and for a moment she reminded me of my mom from that world. Then, she let out a sigh, sadness filling her eyes.

“How do you know all of this?”

“I found out,” I responded coyly. “You can’t work for that woman anymore.”

Mom let out a snort. “I can’t afford to leave either. If I push a little more with that over time, I’ll finally get that promotion she promised me. Ms. Dean is leaving, and if I get her old job, it’d mean more money for all of us.”

“She’ll…” I was going to say she’d never give that promotion, but I realized that would only crush mom further. “I also know what dad did after.”

Mother shook. “Oh.”

Her word was simple, but the defeated look on her face said everything.

I reached out and grabbed mom’s face. “You’re my mother. You’re the woman who raised me. Do you understand? I love you, and nothing else matters.”

Mom looked at me, and I could see countless unshed tears welling in her eyes. “Honey… I…”

I reached out and kissed her lips gently. “I’m going to take care of you. I’m going to take care of them all. You’re the family I’ve chosen, and where I came from doesn’t matter to me. You understand?”

“N-noah!” She broke into a bawling cry, wrapping her arms around me.

My mother started sobbing at the side of the road, and I held onto her. We remained like that for nearly an hour. I couldn’t help but think that mom had become quite the crybaby since before. She was acting like a man. No, I was getting my world mixed up again. She was acting exactly like a woman in her world would act. She was vulnerable, emotional, and also full of the strength to bear what no guy could even tolerate.

When she finally recovered, she pulled away, wiping at her red puffy eyes. “Oh, dear. I’m sorry. It seems that I lost myself for a moment.”

“It’s fine.” I stroked mom’s hair, smiling at her.

She shook slightly, pulling away from me. “You should watch that. If you treat another girl like that, she might fall in love with you.”

“Is that so?” I smirked.

She looked away shyly. “Well, not me. I used to change your diapers. However, other women might think you’re flirting with them.”

“Well, it’s a good thing you’re my mom,” I smirked, wrapping my arm around her. “I’ve already stolen your heart.”

She let out a genuine laugh, a smile showing on her face like the woman from my coma, but somehow more innocent and cute. I couldn’t help but recall all of the other naughty expressions my mother had given me in that other world.

“Honey?” Mom looked at me innocently.

I pulled my hands away and coughed awkwardly. I love my mother, and we had developed such a strange relationship in that world. I wasn’t sure I wanted to make my relationship in this world just as impure. I decided it’d be best to hold back, at least for now. For the moment, I just wanted a mom.

“Let’s get going. You have work.”

“Ah!” Mom seemed to jump out of her daze, but then her expression turned sour. “What am I going to do about my work?”

“You mean, what should you do about Ms. Dean?”

Mom bit her lip. “I’m not sure I can look at her in the face, knowing what she’s done.”

“Take me to work with you.”

“What?”

“Just bring me to work.” I smiled. “I have a plan.”

“Noah, that’s…”

“Just… trust me.”

Mom looked at me for a second and then nodded. She started the car back up and drove off, and it was soon that we were home. At the moment, my sisters were all gone to school. Mom went to take a nap exactly as she had said. That left me with a rare period in which I was home. Instinctively, I went to start picking up, only to realize the house wasn’t nearly as much of a pigsty as it had been from the other world. The girls all picked up after each other, and it turned out all of the messes were started by me. It was no wonder I annoyed them so much.

I picked up the messes I had made and cleaned my room. As I pulled out the tons of porn I had stored away, I shook my head. It just didn’t appeal to me like it once had. I still kept it, but I didn’t see myself needing it as much. Perhaps, I would toss it away eventually. Keeping track of the time, I realized it was near the time my sisters got home. I went to the kitchen and started cooking.

With six girls who worried about their weight instead of six vacuum cleaners, we had more selection than I was used to. I cooked a small meal using noodles, meatballs, and cheese to create a casserole. As I was cooking, I heard a knock on the back door. I opened it, and couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow.

“Abigail?”

“H-h-h-hi!” Abigail squeaked, looking at me before blushing. “You know my name.”

“Of course, I know your name.” I reached out. “Come in.”

She squeaked, taking a step back. “The school was informed that you’re awake again. I- uh… was sent to… um… give you your missing school work.”

“Is that so?” I asked. “I thought you were just worried about me.”

“W-w-w-worried?” her eyes widened fearfully. “Why would I be worried?”

“Haven’t you been watching me all this time?” I asked. “I was waiting for you to approach me, but you were always so scared.”

“Th-th-that’s… not true! I don’t… it’s not like I w-w-w-watch you…” Her face turned red.

“Really?” I leaned forward out my door. “That’s a shame because I have been watching you.”

“W-w-w-watching me?” She looked at me in shock.

“Mmm…” I nodded. “You see… I’ve been fantasizing about seeing you in all these naughty cosplays. I want to take pictures of you posing for me. I’m a bit of a photographer.”

“Ah! Th-th-that… indecency…” She stumbled back.

“If you’re ever interested, let me know,” I smirked, reaching out with my hand.

She seemed frozen, her eyes on my hand as it approached her body. Her eyes closed and her breathing became staggard as she waited for me to touch her. Then, I grabbed the homework folder and yanked it from her hands. Her eyes opened again, she turned red, and then she turned and fled.

I let out a little chuckle as I turned back in, freezing when I saw someone else having entered from the other side, Dawn.

“Noah, you never told me you liked photography.”

Ahhh… I guess we could do this too.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 145
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“I’m… not sure what to say…”

“You don’t… like it?” Dawn asked, staring at me intensely.

“I mean… it’s a picture… of food, and places.”

“What did you think I would take pictures of?” Dawn asked.

“Uh… nothing!” I coughed. “This suits you.”

“Is that so…” Dawn asked, cocking her head curiously.

Dawn had brought me back to her room. In this world, it was the first time I could recall having ever stepped into this room. With the door closed twenty-four-seven, it had felt like an indomitable barrier, but I crossed into her domain within hours of returning home all because Dawn had heard me teasing Abigail about her previous world’s photography habits.

I wasn’t sure what I was expecting to see when I entered her room. It wasn’t dark, dirty, or dreary like the room from my coma world. She had the curtains open and light poured in. Her bed was clean and tidy. It didn’t smell of sex and stale Doritos. I kind of missed that smell. This was a cleaner Dawn. She didn’t play video games, but she was still obsessed with the internet and she was still into photography.

Her otherworld counterpart had taken her photography skills and started an underground site taking risqué images of boys. Even after going legit, she still favored the erotic images and candid shots, especially of her dear brother. How did that manifest in this world? Dawn was the proud owner of a social media account where she posted life photos. Most of the time, they were based on places she visited or meals she ate.

“How did you afford to go out to these restaurants?”

Dawn’s face turned slightly pink. “Sp-”

“Spe?”

“Sponsors!” She cried out with an embarrassed look. “Sponsors send me money and locations, and I go out and visit places and talk about my experience.”

I frowned thoughtfully. “You mean… like a vacation and lifestyle blog?”

“Ah! That…” She shook her head. “This is just local. Some of my fans have been encouraging me to branch out more, but with college coming soon, I won’t be able to do that.”

“College…” I couldn’t help but let out a short laugh of disbelief.

“Mom worked so hard for us. London didn’t go to college, and mom was so disappointed in that. It’s my responsibility to lead the way for my sisters… and you.”

She looked away, hiding her red cheeks. I could only shake my head. The situation was different, but it echoed her problems from the other world so much. They both loved different careers involving photography but felt like they had to go to college or would be a failure in their family’s eyes. It wasn’t identical. The other world’s Dawn was a bit of a pervert who liked photographing male models, and she had felt pressured because London was a doctor to be just as successful. It was funny that even when London was in the exact opposite place, the pressure was the same.

“You don’t need to worry about Mackenzie or me,” I stated. “We’re going to be fine. Rather, you always keep your door shut and avoid us, neither of us thought you cared much about us.”

She turned back, a look of shock on her face. “I do care! I-I’m the oldest still home… so… I have…”

“A responsibility?” I finished, causing her to nod, and for me to sigh and sit next to her on her bed. “Look, Dawn, your sister and I don’t need you to lead by example. We just want you to be there. Through our successes… and our failures, we just want you to be crowd-watching. Maybe, if you took time taking pictures at one of Kelsey’s track meets, or Mackenzie’s new hairstyle… you’d be able to relate with them easier.”

“It’s not that easy…” She responded.

“Family never is…” I responded, staring out her window as I thought about my past experiences. “However, I know that if you don’t try to play an active part in the lives of your family, then it’s hard to even say you are family. You’re just people stuck living together. To be family, it takes effort.”

“You… seem different.”

“Do I?” I asked, looking over at her. “Maybe, you never tried to talk to me before.”

She winced, looking down at the camera in her hand. “Noah, what do you think I should do?”

“I think you should follow your heart,” I responded. “I don’t understand travel blogs, but if you’re making money and can keep making money, and more than that, travel the world… then you owe it to yourself to at least think about whether college is really what you want to do with your life. Whether you go to college or not won’t mean nearly as much to your younger siblings as whether you’re happy and doing what you love.”

“I see…” She spoke quietly. “I do want to see the world though.”

“Then, you have your answer. Your family and I will be waiting.”

She gave me a side look. “You keep speaking like we’re not related. You’re my family too.”

“Am I?” I asked mischievously. “Nuts, and I finally got myself into a cute girl’s room.”

“Cute!” She jerked at that word, and then her cheeks go red. “Y-you’re a pervert!”

“Hehe… you caught me.” I leaned toward her. “My only interest in photography is to take sexy images of cute girls. I just wanted you to be my model!”

Dawn flinched back, and I was expecting her to kick me out of the room now. That’s why I was floored when, after a few moments of hesitation, she pushed her camera toward me.

“J-just one or two… with clothes on!” Dawn declared, and as my mouth fell open, she sniffed. “Do I smell something burning?”

“My casserole!” I cried out.

I jumped and fled from her bedroom. Racing to the oven where there was just the start of smoke, I quickly got things under control. A few minutes later, the kitchen door opened and Mackenzie returned home.

“N-noah!” She seemed like a frightened mouse the second she laid eyes on me, looking like she wanted to fly out the entrance she had come in.

“Mackenzie.” Dawn’s voice caused us both to turn. “Noah, how is it?”

I let out a sigh. “I managed to save it just in time. It’s finished if you want some.”

“Huh?” Mackenzie blinked, looking at the item in my hands. “Noah is cooking?”

I had put two oven mitts on and was holding the casserole in both hands. The cheese had only started browning and none of it had burned yet, so the casserole was good. The burning smell had just been some cheese that fell off the edge and landed on the bottom of the oven.

“I figured you’d all be hungry, so I made something.” I put it down in the oven. “It’s one of your favorites, try some.”

“Favorite, I’ve never had it before.” Mackenzie made a weird face.

“Hah… I mean, it will be. Here, bite.” I took out a fork full and then lifted it toward her, catching anything under it with a glove and blowing on it gently.

Mackenzie stared suspiciously at me for a moment, but then moved her head forward and took a small bite. “Mmm!”

Her eyes widened, and then when she looked at how close her face had gotten to mine, she retreated several steps, her face red.

“What do you think?” I asked, pulling out the plates and utensils and cutting our pieces for everyone.

“I-it’s good,” Mackenzie responded, looking away awkwardly.

“I guess that’s a good enough recommendation for me, I’ll have a plate.” Dawn was watching this, a smirk on her face.

I handed her a plate and instead of heading to the table, she started heading back to her room.

“H-hey!” I cried out. “Where are you going?”

“I’m going to eat in my room,” Dawn responded sheepishly.

“What? After what we just talked about?” I gasped. “Unless… are you going to get ready so I can take those pictures?”

“What pictures?” Mackenzie asked.

Dawn froze, her face looking mortified.

“Th-that… was a one-time offer!” She cried out, and then spun and fled back to her room with the plate.

The door slammed a moment later, and I let out a sigh, turning back to my casserole. “Jeez, no appreciation.”

“What happened to Dawn today?” Mackenzie asked.

“Huh?”

“Something good must have happened. I’ve never seen her so happy. I can’t remember the last time she smiled.”

“Oh!” I hadn’t noticed, but she had been smiling.

I had seen her smile many times in my coma world, so I hadn’t even thought about it much. Before I could say anything else to Mackenzie though, the door burst open again and Kristy and Kelsey walked in.

“I smell something good!” Kelsey began sniffing, her eyes jumped to the food in the oven. “Ah! Mom cooked?”

The two twins descended on the casserole in an instant. Without even using a utensil, she grabbed scooped up a piece into her hands, and dancing it back and force between her hands while making noises, she shoved it in her mouth.

“Use a plate, you pig!” Kristy made a face, taking one of the plates and picking out her piece of casserole. “Hey, mom, thanks for the casserole!”

She was looking over my shoulder, and we ended up turning to reveal mom. She was dressed up in her work attire. I was a bit stunned to see her dressed up this nicely. In the coma world, women still dressed up, but they were just a bit sloppier. Mom didn’t wear as much makeup or put her up as nicely as she did in this world. Along with her business suit, she looked nice.

“Huh? Casserole?” Mom gave a confused look.

“Mom didn’t make it. Noah did.” Mackenzie declared, taking her slice before it was gone.

Had they been themselves from the old world, the casserole already would have been gone and I’d have had to make more for Bethany, but now they were far more conservative, which seemed to have its advantages. After Mackenzie’s words, everyone turned a stunned look at me.

“Noah made dwis!” Kelsey spoke with her mouth full.

“He didn’t do anything to it, did he?” Kristy wore a look of disgust on her face, poking it with a fork.

“Don’t be like that!” Mom chastised her. “Noah did his best… you should all feel blessed.”

She walked over and deliberately took a fork full of casserole, but when she tasted it, her eyes lit up. “Mm!”

“It’s really good, right?” Mackenzie gave her mom a look.

“It’s really good?” Kristy looked doubtful.

“It is, Twinsy!” Kelsey nodded. “If I knew Noah could cook like this, I’d put more of his things in my mouth.”

“What?” Kristy asked, and every other eye turned to Kelsey.

“I mean, the food he cooked!” She cried out, her face turning red.

“Honey, where did you learn to cook like this?” Mom asked, a bit curious.

I let out a little laugh. “Ah, I just was watching a cooking show and I thought I might try something out. I knew mom needed some rest and you’d all come home early, so I just threw something together. I’m glad you all like it.”

“Honey…”

“Mom, why are you crying?” I took a step back, completely off guard. “Ow! Kelsey, don’t pinch.”

“Are you our brother?” Kristy demanded.

“What are you talking about? Of course, I’m your brother.”

“Twinsy has a point.” Kelsey nodded enthusiastically. “Our brother must have been replaced. He was gross and perverted. This sort of cool guy is an imposter.”

“You think I’m not gross and perverted?” I lifted my hands menacingly while making groping gestures, my cheek twitching. “Maybe I should give you something really tasty and you can see how perverted I can be.”

“Ahhh! It’s a trap!”

“I knew it!”

The two girls fled the kitchen, but they were giggling as they screamed and ran into their room, slamming the door.

“Don’t slam the door!” I shouted at the same time mom shouted the same thing.

The two of us looked at each other, and then mom looked away, blushing. I let out a laugh, but when I turned, I nearly jumped. Mackenzie was staring at me, her hands on her hips. She was staring at me intensely.

“Wh-what?”

“You have changed.” She responded. “Did the coma break your brain or something?”

“What if it did?” I asked, meeting her gaze with a smile.

She glanced away first. “Why would it matter to me?”

I leaned toward her ear, whispering so only she could hear. “Isn’t it because you love your gross, perverted brother?”

She jerked as if she had just been shocked. “Wh-what?”

“It’s okay.” I grinned. “I’ll save all my grossest perversions for you.”

Her face turned red, and then she glared at me. “Y-you… you’re the worst!”

She ran to her room.

“Don’t slam the-”

Slam!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 146
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“I’m still not sure why you wanted to come to work with me. It’s after hours so no one else will be there. Ms. Dean has been allowing me to work extra hours since you’ve been… well, you know.” Mom looked away awkwardly, a flash of guilt on her face.

“I’m sorry I put you in that situation, mom,” I responded awkwardly as she parked the car in front of her workplace. ” I was just thinking I could help you a bit.”

“No, it’s not your fault at all. It was an accident, and as I said, my work has been accommodating.” Mom tried to smile, but I could see the exhaustion in her eyes.

Mom had spent the time I was gallivanting around in that other world worried sick about me. She stayed by my bedside all day and then work all night. It wasn’t good for her. I also didn’t believe her boss, Ms. Dean, had kept things as easy on her as mom implied. I knew mom far better now than I used to, and I could read between the lines. She was barely holding it together.

That’s why I needed to help her out. In the previous world, mom had lost her job and she had to go find a new one. It wasn’t so bad though. London had just finished her residency and was starting to make real money and was willing to help, plus I got a job and started helping as well. She had ended up getting a job that paid more than her last one, proving that she had been getting played for years.

I didn’t want things to go the same way though. Too many factors were different. London wasn’t a doctor, and mom wasn’t as confident in her abilities. Thankfully, I had a long time to dwell on some of the things Ms. Dean had told me, and I had a few theories working in my mind. I was willing to go all out to put them to the test too.

The pair of us entered her workplace, and it wasn’t much different than the place I remembered. The building was just as empty, and when I went to her desk, it looked just the same. That’s when a thought occurred to me.

“Do you have any family pictures?” I asked.

“What, honey?”

“I thought you might…” I added.

“Ah, I do…” She opened the same drawer I had recalled Mom opening in that other world, pulled out the picture frame, and then handed it to me. “Ms. Dean doesn’t like us to have photographs from home on our desks. Do you want it?”

I took the picture from her. It was the same one. I found myself smiling slightly as I thought about it. Weirdly, it felt like a bridge between that world and this one. In that world, I was cold and aloof, disliking my sisters who embarrassed me. In this world, I had been an awkward dweeb that avoided them because of my insecurities. We ended up taking the same picture, it was my sisters from this world as much as that world.

“You’ve finally arrived. You’ve taken your sweet time.” A voice came from behind.

Mom jumped. “Ms. Dean! You’re still here?”

“Unlike you, some of us have to work.” She walked up to Mom with her hands on her hips and a disapproving smile she turned to me. “Is this the son that caused you to miss so much work?”

“This is my son! He just was released today.” Mom responded proudly.

“Hello, Ms. Dean.” I smiled at her.

She opened her mouth, freezing for a second as she took a second glance my way, and then continued. “Why did you bring him here?”

“He’s been through a lot. He didn’t want to be trapped at home, and I thought maybe he could help with some of the filing, the stuff anyone could do.”

“You mean the stuff you were supposed to do.” Ms. Dean glared. “If anyone can do it, why do you even have a job?”

“Ah…” Mom opened her mouth, but couldn’t come up with anything to say.

“I’m sorry, Miss Dean.” I lowered my head, smiling at her. “I want to just keep busy and help. I don’t want anything for it. You can use me however you want.”

Miss Dean stared at me for a second, her cheeks twitching slightly before she looked away. “Well, I suppose I can allow you to help a little. However, anything he does wrong is on you!”

“Y-yes ma’am!” Mom nearly saluted.

Miss Dean looked me up and down one last time, and then headed back to her office. Mom let out a little sigh and then shot me a raised eyebrow.

“I don’t know if I should be impressed or worried.”

“What do you mean, mom?”

“I’ve not seen step back so easily on anything. When did you become so smooth with the ladies?”

I let out a little laugh. “What are you talking about? I have six sisters. Talking to women is easy.”

“Really…” She shot me a smirk.

“Hah… where do you need filing done?”

“The filing room is in the back. It’s usually locked. Ah, here’s my key. You just need to take the stuff from recent and sort it alphabetically.” She handed me a card and then turned and started typing on the computer.

I looked at the key and then went in the direction she had indicated. To the side of Ms. Dean’s office was a hallway. At the end of the hallway was a door, and with the swipe of a card I was in a room filled with filing cabinets. On the desk was a pile of folders nearly as tall again as the desk.

“That must be what I need to alphabetize.” I let out a little sigh, shaking my head, and then got to work.

Naturally, I did feel some responsibility for my mom getting behind at her job, and anything I could do to alleviate her struggle was worth the effort. However, I didn’t plan to just work and do her job for her. I was working on another plan too. This place was where they kept hard copies of all of their record keeping. I quickly realized it wasn’t just based on clients, but also on the business itself. As I worked, I occasionally checked for other documents. With time, I caught onto something, and as I looked around, I became more sure of it.

The door lock was unlatched just as I was putting a vital folder away. I was still only about halfway done. By the time Ms. Dean stepped in, I was standing by the desk with a smile on my face.

“You grew up looking like your father.”

My smile slipped for a second, but I quickly recovered it. “Oh?”

“Yeah.” She nodded thoughtfully. “He was a handsome man.”

“Too good for mom.” I nodded before I snapped my finger. “Ah, he’d have been a much better match with you!”

“Me?” She seemed a bit surprised.

“Well, you’re really beautiful too. Ah! S-sorry…” I turned around, hiding my face like I was blushing, even though I wasn’t.

I wasn’t so good an actor I could blush on command, but I could look the part.

“Beautiful…” She blushed, a smirk on her face. “Now… you’re just a young boy…”

“You’re right!” I responded. “I’m sorry, it just came out. Please forgive me.”

She took a few steps toward me. “There is nothing to forgive. I think you’re quite handsome too, just like your father.”

“You do?” I turned to look at her, but my eyes ended up landing on her chest, where I stared for far too long. “Ah!”

I looked away, putting my hands in my pocket and slouching. The smile on her face seemed to grow.

“Do you like what you see?” She asked, clothing the distance between us.

“They’re nice… I mean you are!”

She let out a little giggle, her finger touching her collar near the cleavage. “Do you want to see them?”

“W-we can’t… mom…”

“I won’t tell your mom if you won’t.” She licked her lips, unbuttoning the top of her blouse. “Have you ever seen a woman before?”

I couldn’t believe how easy it was. I supposed a pervert was a pervert. If she came onto me in that world, those desires didn’t change even if their approach toward them did. A few words and Ms. Dean was giving me everything.

“I have!” I responded, trying to look tough. “A girl at school. I even fingered her.”

“Oh…” She didn’t look upset but amused. “You’re quite bold, but that was just a little girl, not a real woman. How did she suck your cock?”

I puffed my cheeks, trying to make myself look embarrassed. “She didn’t. She said it was gross.”

My delivery was wooden, but Ms. Dean was already lost in the fantasy and didn’t seem to notice. She laughed with her throat.

“That’s why a real woman is best. I’ll even swallow.”

“S-swallow?” I asked, still playing dumb.

She gave a little smirk, her fingers playing with my chest for a moment as she pushed me back against the desk. Then, she kneeled and started undoing my pants. When she pulled it out, she let out a little gasp.

“My… my… that’s bigger than your dad’s too.” With that, she took my dick into her mouth.

I moaned, but she wasn’t seeing the hard expression on my face. She wasn’t even paying attention now, so she missed the point where she just admitted she had fucked my dad. It turned out this world wasn’t too far from that world. Well, there was something I didn’t know, even back then, that I knew now. I let her go to town on my dick. It was hard, but I didn’t feel too much pleasure.

Had it been any other woman, I would have happily face fucked her and brought my seed down her throat, but she happened to be a woman who had hurt my mother. Thus, I didn’t feel any sympathy for her. As she grew more and more into sucking my dick, I popped her chest out of her top. I pulled up the back of her skirt, pulling the underwear to the side until her hairy cunt was exposed. She started touching herself as she sucked away. I set up the naughtiest pose in her I could while she focused on sucking. To her, my wondering hands were just the idle movements of a young boy who got to touch a woman for the first time.

I pulled out my phone. First, I took a video of it, her head bobbing up and down while she moaned and fingered herself.

“Mrs. Drew,” I called out, causing her eyes to look up.

Click. I got the perfect picture of her with her mouth wrapped around my cock and a surprised look in her eyes. Realizing I was taking pictures, she spat my dick out and glared at me.

“Now, now… I know boys your age like the social age, but you shouldn’t take pictures like that without permission. Delete it for me, and I’ll let you experience more than just a blowjob.”

As she spoke, her hand was lightly squeezing my balls, and she still seemed enamored with the sex.

“Mrs. Drew,” I repeated, and this time her eyes jumped after a second.

I pulled away, zipping my pants back up.

“Where did you hear that name?” She asked.

“It’s yours… isn’t it?” I asked innocently. “You claim you’re Miss Dean in the workplace, but you’re married. Your… um… employee file, has your other name.”

Her eyes turned sharp, and she quickly got back up, fixing her outfit. “What is the meaning of this? That is private information.”

“Like this picture of my cock in your mouth?” I asked innocently. “I wonder what your husband would think if he saw it.”

Her eyes flashed. “Is this what you’re on about? You want to blackmail me?”

I smiled and shrugged. “I’m just discussing things.”

“Did your mom put you up to this?” Her expression turned serious, and any level of cuteness was gone. “I’ll be firing her tonight. Oh, and feel free to send that image. My husband doesn’t care.”

“Right… right… right…” I nodded. “Because he cheats on you all the time. That’s why you’re bitter and lonely enough to suck off some random kid in a filing room.”

“Are you done? I can call security. Your little ruse has failed. I don’t have to explain myself to you.” She glared at me. “Get out of my office.”

“Of course… it is your office.” I continued, showing no signs of moving. “After all, your husband is the owner, and he gave you this job taking nepotism to the fullest.”

“What? You expect me to feel bad for working for my husband? Our relationship has always been a give and take.”

“Bad?” I smirked. “Maybe… after all, he seemed to want more than you could provide.”

She picked up a nearby phone. “I’m calling security.”

“You were probably so happy once, trying to make things work with him. Then, he made an awful request, didn’t he? He wanted… someone else.”

She froze with the phone to her ear. “Sorry, miscall…”

She slowly put it back down.

“It wasn’t just Mom. How many women? How many Christmas parties? You get them drunk, and then he plows them when they can’t give consent? I imagine most of them eventually quit, confused and scared. However, Mom was different, wasn’t she?”

“You’re crazy…” Ms. Dean took a step back.

“Mom was so drunk that she didn’t even appear to remember the rape. She did notice three months later when she was pregnant though.”

“I told him to wear a condom! That fucking idiot!” She snarled.

“You were so angry and bitter that you had to see one of your husband’s… trysts… flaunted right in front of your face. So, you told her husband, ruined their marriage, and then you even fucked him for good measure.”

Her eyes were red, and her expression now looked grim. “I wanted your dad, but he was only willing to keep it a fling. Your dad always wore condoms. Otherwise, you would have been mine. You should be thanking me. If I hadn’t taken his seed and put it in another girl, you’d never have been born!”

“You told him the baby was yours… but he didn’t do what you expected.”

“That damn woman… who asked her to accept a baby that wasn’t hers and raise it? She ruined my plans… First, she fucked my husband and gave him a baby, then she even stayed by her man’s side, no matter how much I ruined him…”

My eyes widened. “You were never able to give your husband a baby! That’s why… Wow…”

I never imagined that this all connected in such a way. I had originally thought Miss Dean was married. Upon looking stuff up though, I found she was married to the company’s owner. I also looked for the alleged copy guy. It seemed like a good idea that I have a few suspects on Mackenzie’s dad, should it ever come up in our future. I wasn’t able to find anyone who fit at the time, and after seeing a picture of her husband, who looked a lot like Mackenzie, I realized the truth.

“Shut up! Here’s what’s going to happen…”

“No.” I stepped forward, causing her to flinch as my atmosphere turned dark. “Here’s what is going to happen. Mom is getting a raise, your job. You’re going to move on to something else. Another location, or even retire.”

“And what if I don’t?”

“Then I tell your husband about the kid you kept from him. I’ll tell him about Mackenzie, his daughter. When combined with the affair, do you think he’ll stay with you? However, even if that all works out somehow, here’s the thing. The statute of limitations on rape where we live is 20 years. He’s going to go to jail, and you’re going to join him.”

“Those charges will never stick!” She cried out.

“Except Mackenzie is biologically his daughter!” I laughed. “Oh, and you recorded it… didn’t you?”

“How did you-“

“I’ve already done the DNA test, and I have the recording.” I lied, smirking. “So, let’s discuss that promotion.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 147
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Noah, did you say something to my boss?” Mom asked.

“Huh?” I blinked, looking as innocent as I could. “What could I have said?”

“Nothing… it’s probably nothing.” Mom shook her head. “I’m just surprised. Suddenly offering me a week of paid leave so that I can take care of you while you’re recovering at home, I just never expected something like that from my boss. She didn’t even let me take any time off when you went into a coma. The only reason I put up with it was that I knew we’d need the insurance.”

“Ah, well, who knows.” I laughed. “Maybe, things at your job will start looking up.”

Of course, I knew why Ms. Dean had suddenly changed her tune. She had too much to lose to risk upsetting the status quo now. It was a mutually assured destruction now, and as long as Ms. Dean gave up her decade-long revenge streak and played ball, no one would have to lose out. Of course, I had to lie a bit at the end. I had intended to overwhelm her. Once she agreed to my plan, it didn’t matter if she figured out I was lying later. The damage would already be done.

I could always work on getting a DNA test, and as for the recording, how could she know I didn’t have it? At least, I knew such a thing existed, and as much as it filled me with rage, I was going to use it to give my mother a better life. She’d be the boss of her firm, and Ms. Dean could leave and find someone else’s life to ruin, preferably her husband, that rapist bastard. Perhaps there would be a time when I would finally pull the pin on that bomb but now wasn’t that time.

As for how I guessed there was a recording, it was something dad had said to me back some time ago. To convince him that mom cheated on him, they would have needed evidence. He made it seem like he had seen mom cheating, which gave me the idea that she must have recorded it and shown it to him back then to break him. She’d also want something on her husband in case he tried to divorce her, so the tape likely still existed.

Either way, it was the best I could do at the moment. I wasn’t some action hero. I was just a guy trying to help his mom. A week of paid vacation was the least I could do for her after everything that happened. I looked over at mom. It was dark now, and the street lights caused shadows to occasionally cross her face, but I could see a small smile on her lips. That was when red and blue flashing lights appeared.

“Crap…” Mom cursed, and I straitened in my seat as she pulled over to the side.

A police car had a siren on, and they ended up following us to the side of the street. We were getting pulled over. I had numerous thoughts in my mind. Did Miss Dead retaliate already? Was she sending some kind of statement? This was bad.

Mom opened her window as a person approached from the passenger side. “I’m sorry, officer, was I going to fas- ah! Bob?”

Bob? Why does that name seem familiar?

I peeked out the door, and that’s when I recognized the face of the familiar man.

“Samantha’s dad!” I let out.

The officer squinted, and then let out a laugh. “Is that you, Noah? Wow, I haven’t seen you since you were yay high…”

“That’s right! Your Samantha’s dad.” Mom acted like she just realized that. “How is the family going?”

His expression faltered slightly. “Ah, Samantha’s doing okay. A bit lonely… since her mom…”

“Ooohh…” Mom’s face turned white. “I’m sorry for prying, is she-”

“What?” He blinked, and then laughed. “Ah, no, not dead. Her mom ran off with the gardener.”

“Oh, my… I’m so sorry…”

He shrugged. “I’ve gotten over it. I was going through some things and left the force for a while. My wife worked instead. I guess she had enough of it and made a decision. Turns out, it was just the push I needed to get off my butt and start working again, but I do worry about how Samantha is handling it. I’m just a guy, it’s not like I know how to deal with all of those female issues.”

I didn’t know how to feel about it. It sounded like his story played out the same way whether I was there or not. I suppose his wife ran off with a young gardener rather than end up in jail for attacking me. In that respect, things were better. Yet, pretty much everything else was the same. I’d guess it was a sex trafficking case that broke him as well. It was no wonder he was just doing traffic now.

“If you need any advice, I have six daughters. I have just about experienced every female-related problem you could imagine. If there is someone I struggle to understand, it’s my son here.” Mom reached out and squeezed my shoulder.

“Really? That would be wonderful.” He almost looked relieved before falling into thought for a moment. “I stopped you because you had a tail light out.”

“Ah! A tail light?” She couldn’t help but sigh. “That’s another $100 I can’t afford.”

“Changing out tail lights isn’t hard at all.” He smiled, leaning in close. “Look, my shift is ending now. I’m just offering… I mean, if you want, we can get a replacement and I can change it at my place.”

“I can cook!” Mom sounded a bit too excited.

“Oi…” I spoke up.

I cooked my sister’s dinner a short time ago, and now Mom wanted to go to someone else’s house to cook for them. Plus, Bob here had pulled us over. Why was this starting to sound like a date?

“I’m sure Samantha would love to see Noah again too.” He grinned as both of them looked innocently my way.

I opened my mouth, but then closed it again. Samantha was on my list of people to see. I didn’t have a good idea of how to approach her. This wasn’t that other world. Samantha was a girly girl once again, not a tomboy. If I acted aggressively, she could end up seeing me as a creeper. I knew how to handle Abigail and Anna because they were generally awkward girls who couldn’t handle confidence. Samantha had never been like that. She was a so-called popular girl.

Yet, Officer Bob ended up saying exactly the right thing to get me to consent. He returned to his car and turned off the lights, and we ended up following his car. He stopped briefly at an auto store, and without saying anything, he ran in and bought the part.

“He seems… eager,” I responded, a bit dissatisfied.

“Noah, you’re not jealous, are you?”

“Jealous?” I jerked. “Why would I be jealous? If you want to d-date again, ahem… you can date.”

“Date!” Mom’s eyes widened and her expression turned shy. “Calling it a date…”

“Tsk… just don’t do anything without telling us,” I muttered.

I wasn’t upset about it. Bob seemed like a nice enough guy. I also didn’t plan on pursuing my mother or my sisters in this world. This was my chance to restart things, and I didn’t want to have some messed up family dynamics. Even though mom wasn’t biological, I knew I didn’t have the right to monopolize her time. It was a good thing that she go out and meet some people her age.

“You should watch him and learn how to change the light too,” Mom smirked as we left the auto store parking lot. “If we didn’t have him to do this it’d cost five times as much. I appreciate your cooking, but I can do that. I wouldn’t be against you getting some of the man chores done around the house.”

“Man… chores,” I spoke quietly, feeling the words out in my mouth.

The word man meant something very different only a short while before, but mom would have no clue. I suppose, to be a man in this world, I had to act a lot like my sisters from that world. I could learn about cars, and maybe fix up some stuff. Although the house was cleaner in this world, I also noticed that some of the more technical stuff wasn’t getting done. There was a hole in the wall I made a few years ago. It had been patched in that world, but not this one. The doors squeaked when I opened them, while the doors in that world had all been lubricated.

Mom saw me lost in thought and didn’t say anything more as we followed Bob’s cop car back to his house. It was the same house as before. He opened the garage and gestured for my mom to pull right in. Both Mom and Bob seemed rather energetic even though it was late at night. They walked into the dark house and Bob turned on all the lights while mom found the kitchen, asking for whatever supplies Bob might have available.

“Hey, buddy.” Bob nodded to me. “Samantha’s always locked up in her room these days. Can you go get her?”

I was a bit surprised. They had their guard down and let me into Samantha’s room in that world, but I was shocked he was trusting me with his daughter in this one. Samantha said that Bob had always liked me though. I was finding it difficult to come up with a reason to dislike the guy. Shivering slightly, I nodded to him and headed up the stairway. I knew my way at the point and headed straight to her room. The door was closed, so I knocked. After a moment, she didn’t answer, so I knocked again.

When she continued not to answer, I turned back to the stairway only to hear my mom giggling. I wasn’t sure what Bob said, but I knew that was mom’s flirtatious giggles. It put me in an even worse mood. Samantha’s door lock was the kind of lock that could easily be unlocked with any set of keys or even a screwdriver. I knew there was such a door opener sitting on the top of the door, so I grabbed it and then clicked her door open, and stepped in.

As soon as I stepped inside, I froze in place. I had been thinking Samantha was asleep. I was just going to surprise her a bit. What I didn’t expect was that I was going to walk in on her naked. Well, at least, her lower half was naked. She had her legs spread and she was guiding something in between them. The buzzing sound immediately informed me that the thing in between her legs was a vibrator. She had her eyes closed and her lips open. She was letting out little moaning noises I had failed to hear outside the door.

She couldn’t hear because she was doing it with headphones in her ears, listening to some kind of music. It was clear she was in her little world. I went to step back, intending to close the door and just tell her father she wasn’t answering. However, whether it was luck or her eyes caught the motion, her eyes snapped open, and the pair of us ended up looking at each other.

“You might not want to…”

“Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!”

“Scream…” I sighed.

“What’s happening?”

I heard her father run to the stairs. I turned around and slammed the door shut as her dad ran up.

“It’s nothing!” I coughed.

“Is Samantha alright?” He tried to get passed me, but I moved to block him.

“Yeah, she’s fine.”

“She’s screamed? What happened?” His expression grew serious, perhaps even a little scary.

“Nothing! She’s fine! Just give her a moment.” I shoved my back between him and the door as he tried to turn the knob.

“Kid, I don’t know what happened, but if you don’t move right now!” He glared.

“Dad! I’m fine!” A shout came through the door.

“Honey!” His expression softened. “Did something happen?”

“N-no!” She shouted back. “I just was surprised to see Noah, that’s all!”

“Is that all?” He asked suspiciously.

“Yes!” She snapped back. “Just go away!”

He still looked hesitant. “Should I go?”

“Yes, Dad! Didn’t I say we needed boundaries? Go, away!”

Bob looked like he had been struck. He still gave me a suspicious look, but then he sighed.

“Come on, kid. Let’s go back downstairs.” He nodded to me.

“Also, N-noah… can come inside.”

“Whaaat?”

Bob really did have it rough being a single parent.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 148
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“What are you doing here?” Samantha asked, her eyes distinctly not looking in my direction.

“Is that why you asked me into your room?” I responded, wearing an amused expression.

I was surprised that her dad had agreed to let me in her room. He had glanced in suspiciously after she opened the door. At that point, she had put her clothing back on and her toy was nowhere in sight. My eyes couldn’t help but look to her bedside stand, but I quickly diverted my eyes. She was wearing a t-shirt and shorts, much like she would have worn before, but somehow it felt more feminine and less tomboyish, although there were still elements of that kind of lifestyle. When her father saw there was nothing wrong, he told us that we had five minutes to head downstairs, or he was going the barge in no matter what. Even with that exception, wasn’t her father kind of whipped?

Her face flushed. “No, I just wanted to tell you that whatever you think you saw, you didn’t see it.”

“Is that so?” I smirked. “I’m not sure I can unsee it.”

“Noah!” She glared at me. “I mean it. If it got out, it’d be social suicide.”

I made a face. “Is being popular that important to you?”

“It isn’t about being popular!” She glared at me, but when she saw my face, she look away again. “There are already a lot of rumors going on about me. My mom cheated on my dad. It’s embarrassing. Now, dad is trying to overcompensate. I just don’t want to be seen as weird.”

“I never saw you as weird.” I sighed. “Then again, I wasn’t enough.”

She blinked. “What do you mean?”

I raised my eyebrow. “Isn’t that why we stopped being friends?”

“What?” She looked shocked. “The reason we stopped being friends… was… we just drifted apart.”

Her voice started strong, but as she reached the end of it, it seemed to lose power, and she looked a bit awkward.

“I liked you,” I spoke up, causing her eyes to look up. “I always did.”

Her mouth fell open a bit, and then she shook her head. “Why didn’t you tell me?”

I let out a laugh, shrugging. “I was scared. I didn’t want to ruin what we had by taking the chance. In the end, I ended up losing you anyway.”

“Noah…” She reached out, touching my arm hesitantly. “I don’t know what to say. I have a boyfriend.”

I winced internally. I hadn’t been expecting that. In the other world, she was a popular person, but she wasn’t in a relationship. It turned out it was too much to wish that a popular girlfriend wasn’t someone she was in a relationship with. It looked like she was already taken. There was nothing I could do about it other than wish her well and move on with my life.

Well, that’s what I would have thought had it been the previous me. The current me had lived in the shoes of a girl. I had interacted on that level and at least knew a bit about how they thought. A grin formed on my lips.

“Well, then, I’ll just have to steal you from him.” I declared.

“Wh-what?” She took a step back.

I tilted my head. “Did I mumble? If you have a boyfriend, then I’ll just have to beat him up and take you.”

“H-he’s on the football team, so he’d kick your ass.” She responded indignantly.

“Really?” I took a step toward her. “Well, he must have a tiny dick, so he can’t be that threatening.”

“T-tiny?” She squeaked, backing up a step warily. “Why would you say that?”

“Isn’t it because you have to use a toy to satisfy yourself?” I grinned.

Her face turned red, her expression angry. “I said you didn’t see anything.”

“And I responded that I’d never forget such a wonderful sight.”

“Y-you…” She panted. “When did you become such a scoundrel?”

“About the same time you became such a temptress.” I chuckled, continuing to step toward her.

Her legs hit the frame of her bed and she found herself unable to back up more. “Wh-what are you doing? M-my dad is downstairs!”

“I’m doing you a favor.” I smiled as I approached her.

“Your favor looks extremely suspicious.” She responded. “What do you want?”

“Aren’t you still really frustrated after being interrupted?” I asked innocently. “We probably should take care of that.”

“T-take care of it?” Her voice rose an octave.

“I can leave a mark on you. Your ‘boyfriend’ can find it and know you’re my woman now.”

She was panting now, her eyes wide with tears in them. “Y-you can’t! If you… If you touch me, I’ll scream! Dad will come and beat you up!”

“Oh? But you’re too beautiful, I can’t control myself!” I leaped forward and she jerked back, falling onto the bed.

I immediately jumped next to her, and before she could scream, I planted my lips against hers.

“Mmmm! Mmmnnlmmm…” She tried to cry out, but her words were muffled as we kissed.

My hand slid down her shorts, passed her underwear, and immediately ran across her wet bush. Her entire body shivered as she let out another cry into my mouth. This time, her hand darted down, grabbing at my hand between her legs. My fingers were already on target though, and I started to move them, rubbing her clit in a circle. While my tongue roamed her mouth, my finger moved.

She struggled, her feet kicking and another hand against my chest, but it only lasted a moment before she let out another moan into my mouth. Her hand holding my wrist remained there, but she didn’t try to pull it away. The other fell back from my chest, and her rigid body went limp on the bed. My fingers started to move against her clit aggressively.

“Mmmmm… Mmmnnn…” She groaned again, her hips moving with each touch of my finger.

I finally broke our kiss, although I prepared myself to kiss her again in case she tried to yell for help. My fingers were moving with all the skill now, and she was panting heavily, trying to keep herself from releasing a moan. I sucked on her neck, choosing a spot low enough that her shirt would cover it up.

“Oh, my God!” She let out a cry as her legs bucked.

Her hands gripped my arms and she pulled me to her as she came. I heard her breathing come in short gasps as she started to climax. My fingers moved even faster.

“Aaahh! Ahhhhhhh!” She screamed, and then suddenly, she stopped making noise. She just lay there, her eyes closed, as her body went through its release. It took her a moment to catch her breath and start moaning again.

I brought my lips to her ear and whispered, “You’re my woman now.”

“Mmm hmm,” she moaned.

I pulled my head back and looked at her. She had her eyes closed, biting her lip as she caught her breath. Her hair was a mess, laying over her face and chest. Her shirt had become partially unbuttoned in the tussle, so I reached down, pushed it up, and then started kissing her breasts. Instead of resisting, she let out a moan, pushing her chest toward me.

“Your five minutes are up!” A shout came from downstairs.

The sound of her dad shouting from the bottom of the stairway was enough to snap us both out of it. She practically jumped out of my arms, quickly fixing her blouse and shorts. She shot me a glare, but it turned into a shy blush. I lifted my fingers to my nose and smelled her sweat fluids that were still on my hand. When she realized what I was doing, she gave out a little cry, running over and grabbing my hand.

“D-don’t smell!” She hissed at me.

“Hehe, but I love your smell.” I teased.

“Y-you…”

“It’s proof you’re my woman. I wonder how your boyfriend would react if he saw this.”

“I don’t… I don’t have a boyfriend.” She responded blushing slightly.

“Past tense,” I responded, leaning up and kissing her cheek. “Didn’t I already say?”

Her face turned red, but she didn’t resist even as I wrapped my arm around her and kissed her neck from behind.

“Do I need to come up there?” Her dad yelled.

“Guh!” She elbowed me in the gut.

“No, dad! We’re coming!” She got up, shot me another look mixed between anger and embarrassment, and then after quickly fixing her hair, left the room.

With a chuckle, I quickly did a clothing check and then followed after her. I had gotten good at this sort of fun. In a house with so many sisters, I’d get pulled into one room or the other. Some of my sisters would get jealous of the attention I gave others, so I made it a habit of making sure I could clean up quickly and leave without a trace. I found most people weren’t nearly as observant as the ones being observed presumed. Obvious things were usually ignored.

As I headed down the stairway, my mom was serving something on the table. “It’s dinner time!”

“Noah’s mom! Y-you’re here?” Samantha was shocked when she saw my mom in an apron serving kitchen.

“I invited Noah and his mother over for dinner. Is that okay with you?” Her father asked.

“No…” She shot me a side look as I entered the room. “It’s fine.”

Her eyes seemed to say what she couldn’t. You did that to me with your mother there? I had done far more to my sisters under mom’s nose, but that was a different world. In that one, mom had known a great deal more than I wished for in this world. I’d rather keep exactly what I do with different girls intimately between us this time around.

“Well, sit, sit… Noah! Remember your manners!” Mom huffed as she started to set the table.

I moved forward and started to help her while Samantha and her dad found a seat. Only once everything was brought out did we all end up sitting together and eating. The meal was surprisingly flavorful, and I both thought of a few ways to improve it and gained a few insights into my cooking by seeing Mom’s final product.

While we ate, it was mostly conversation with Mom and Bob while the pair of us stayed quiet. It was only when Bob asked me a question or Mom asked Samantha that we would open our mouths to speak. Throughout the dinner, Samantha would occasionally give me looks. They weren’t hateful or disgusted looks but conflicted ones.

Just as supper was finishing up, Bob leaned toward me. “Let’s got get that headlight in, sound good?”

“Ah! Y-yeah.” I agreed as he put a hand on my shoulder.

Samantha watched as I was dragged away into the garage, but my mom seemed to grab her and put her to work clearing dishes. That was the last I saw before we were in front of the car with an open hood. The repair was easy. He just had to reach in, loosen a single cable, and then swap the bulb out. He swapped one bulb, and then told me to do the other. He said it was better to do both at once so the bulbs were the same. As I was in the middle of installing it by repeating what he had shown me, he was hovering nearby, with his arms crossed.

“I noticed the hickey she was trying to hide,” he suddenly said, causing me to freeze.

“Oh… um…”

“Listen, Noah, I always liked you. Frankly, I was a little sad when my girl stopped hanging out with you. However, that was when you were just friends. I’m not going to get in the way of you two. My daughter is going through a lot right now, and perhaps having you will help her in some way. However, if you hurt my daughter, you’re going to have to answer to me, understand?”

I realized why I had been brought out here. I was being given the dad talk. In the past, I hadn’t had to face such a thing. Now, I didn’t know where to laugh or cry. I realized he was staring at me, waiting for an answer.

“Okay, but I’ll say the same to you.”

He blinked. “What?”

“You don’t think I know you like my mom?” I asked.

“Ah!” he broke into a cough, the stern look he had been trying to wear turning into an embarrassment. “That’s just…”

“Well, she’s my mom, and she’s been through a lot too.” I declared. “If you hurt my mom, you’re going to answer me!”

I declared just as I finished the work, standing up and facing him. He stared at me with a raised eyebrow, and I stared right back. After a moment of silence, he let out a laugh.

“Touché.” He held out his hand. “In that case, let’s both become men the girls can be proud of.”

I reached out a took his hand.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 149
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“I guess I can let you work here.” The manager sighed, scratching his large belly. “The waitresses tend to get tipped better than the waiters, and we don’t do a lot. What you earn is what you keep. As long as you don’t start complaining about how much the girls make, we can use the extra help, especially on the weekends.”

“Thanks… and I’ll earn my tips.” I nodded, although inside, I felt a bit melancholy.

In many ways, it was like the last few months of my life never happened. Well, they hadn’t happened. I had been in a coma and all of my experiences belonged to another world. I wondered what happened to that world. Were my girls still there? My slutty mother, my naughty sisters, were they all just one blow to the head away from returning?

No, I wasn’t contemplating suicide. I had gotten passed that point. Besides, my new girlfriends would be angry if I fell into another coma. I had dates with Abigail, Samantha, and Anna. They weren’t set up on the same date! I wasn’t that bad… but then again, I hadn’t decided yet if I should settle on one girl, or try to claim all three. I wasn’t sure how I was going to introduce them to each other, let alone make them okay with that.

Either way, Abigail had left me a note in a typical stalker fashion after our previous run-in, and I had locked Samantha down for a date while Dan tried to come up with a reason to meet with my mother. Of course, even though we had tacitly agreed to stay out of each other’s ways, that didn’t mean I was going to help him with my mom. If he wanted my mom’s affection he was going to have to figure that out on his own.

With three upcoming dates, meant I needed things like the ability to drive and money. I had planned to get a job anyway, and with my experience waiting, I ended up back at the restaurant where I had worked in my previous world. The boss was a guy now, so the restaurant was mostly women.  He seemed just as perverted as my previous boss. Were all restaurant managers major perves who ogled at their employees? At least, this time, I wasn’t hired for my looks.

Instead, I just nodded and smiled as he complained about how lazy some of the girls were, and if it wasn’t for their looks attracting patrons, he would have fired them ages ago. I didn’t know if it was because I had matured, or because the other world had increased my perspective, but I had a feeling that the girls on his shit list were the ones he had made a pass at and refused to participate. I didn’t care though. It wasn’t like one of my sisters worked there or something, so he could be as much of a pig as he wanted. I meant it when I said I’d take care of myself.

Still, after leaving with my updated schedule, I couldn’t help but feel like I was putting in a lot of work for things I had already accomplished. My grades I had painfully started to improve were incomplete, the relationships I had spent months getting close with were only just starting, and now I was getting hired at a job I had already had. That was a good enough reason, if any, to make me feel a bit tired.

“Hmm?”

I was standing in the parking lot wondering if I should call mom to pick me up. The sun was just starting to set, turning the sky orange. I didn’t have to be as concerned about walking around at night as I did in that world. It wasn’t like I was free from danger. I could still be mugged. However, something just felt different now that I was back in my old world. I couldn’t put my finger on it, but things were different.

Either way, I noticed a form hiding behind a trashcan in front of a nearby ally. If they didn’t look extremely suspicious with a hood up, sunglasses hiding their face, and crouching low while looking around, I might not have noticed them at all. More so, I was pretty sure I knew who I was looking at as well. I recognized that ass anywhere.

Kelsey’s toned butt and fit physique were hard to miss. I also recognized her jogging pants. She usually went out jogging before it turned dark. It was something that worried mom a bit, but she promised to always be back before dark. I hadn’t expected her to end up over here. She’d be hard-pressed to make it home before it was dark now, and she didn’t look like she had any intention of going home.

Letting out a long breath, I walked over to my sister. Her focus was on something in the ally. I watched for a minute, her kneeling over, her butt wagging in the air. I missed that butt. The way it used to bounce when she was riding me… ahem… I was going to live a more restrained and chaste life now that I had a second chance. I still did want to give that thing a nice little slap. Instead, I softly cleared my throat.

Kelsey jumped up, spinning around with a look of fear. She was about to scream, but I put my hand over her mouth to stifle her cry. She struggled for only a moment before she realized who was holding her. She glared at me, her body relaxing, and I finally let go of her.

“What are you doing here? Wait… how did you know I was trying to be quiet?” Kelsey asked both questions at once.

“I had a job interview over there.” I pointed to the restaurant across the street. “And it’s pretty clear you’re sneaking around on someone. The real question is what are you doing looking around the dark alley?”

I tried to look around the corner, but Kelsey stiffened and grabbed my shoulders, pulling me back behind the garbage dumpster. “Okay! I’ll talk!”

“What?” I asked, looking her in the eyes.

Her face turned red as she realized how close she was to me. Her hands dropped from my shoulders and she took a step away.

“You can’t tell anyone.” She murmured.

“What?”

“I said… you can’t tell mom or Mackenzie or anyone else!” She hissed at me.

“Oh.” I blinked. “I wasn’t planning to. Why, what is it?”

“It’s… it’s about Kristy.” Kelsey spoke quietly.

I immediately realized what it must be about, letting out a sigh. “She’s selling drugs?”

“What?” Kelsey’s eyes opened in shock. “Drugs? No… I mean, she’s selling makeup, but that’s only because another girl is bullying her!”

“Avery…” I muttered.

It was like nothing had changed. Kristy was guilty that she had gotten Avery in trouble years ago, and Avery was using that excuse to extort money out of Kristy. In that world, Kristy had ended up selling drugs, but in this world, it sounded like it was something a bit more harmless. It was still a problem. Kristy was being forced to do something while Avery was just collecting the profits. It turned out that with or without me, Kelsey eventually figured out what her twin sister was up to, it just took a bit more time.

“You know about it?” Kelsey’s mouth was open in shock.

“I know enough.”

Some things would be different because of this world, but it was mostly the same. I probably couldn’t offer myself to solve the problem this time or inflame Kristy’s perverted lust for me to the extent that she finally stood up for herself. This was a big problem indeed.

“Well, Avery used to be our friend, but in middle school, she got in trouble for vandalizing another girl’s property. She had a crush on a boy but he was dating that girl, so she tried to scare her away. Ended up going to juvey for a year. I’m not sure what we can do other than sending her back to juv-hey!”

I stood up and started walking into the alley. Kelsey was content standing back and watching, and while I found her information interesting, especially where it differed from the previous world, it was just a different variation of the same event.

“Is this all you made? I thought the girls at your school were rich.”

“I-I’m not friends with the rich girls.” Kristy was defending herself.

“Then, become friends, eh? I expected way more- huh?”

The same group of people I had run into outside of the school had seemingly relocated to this dark alley. Other than that, the whole scene had a vaguely nostalgic feel for me. However, I had already beaten this level, so I couldn’t feel too much excitement about being here again. They froze when they finally heard the footsteps of someone else coming down the alley.

As I came into the light, my sister’s eyes widened, but Avery and the other two girls relaxed. “Oh, your brother, don’t tell me you told.”

“I didn’t!” Kristy cried out.

“Kristy!” Kelsey’s voice came from behind me.

“Ah! Y-you too?” Kristy’s eyes when from shock to resignation. “You shouldn’t have come.”

“Hey, what was your name again, Noah?” Avery pointed at me, giving out a grossed-out look. “I can’t believe she’d call her big brother to save her, but you’re not wanted here. If you don’t leave immediately, you’ll-”

Slap! Whatever she was going to say was immediately silenced when I struck her across the face. Kristy and Kelsey both froze, staring with wide eyes, as did the other two girls. There was a moment of silence before she reached up and touched her cheek. A dark look of satisfaction appeared on her face.

“You just hit me! I’m going get you for assaul-”

Slap! I struck her the other way.

“Assault, my ass,” I responded.

“Y-you…” Her composure broke slightly. “You won’t get away-“

Slap!

“Get away, my ass,” I responded. “It’s my word against yours.”

“There are witnesses!” She backed away, covering her face as tears welled down her cheeks.

“Two on your side, and two on my side. That means you can’t prove anything. They might instead wonder what we’re all doing in a dark alley near nighttime.”

“I never said I was on his side,” Kelsey muttered.

“Shhh!” Kristy elbowed her.

“Either way, you’re going to regret every hit-”

Slap! There was a knife in her hand, so I moved forward and struck again.  This time, I also struck her hand, causing the blade to fall to the ground. I grabbed her and shoved her against the wall, causing her to cry out. The other girls all took a step forward as if they wanted to help her, even my twin sisters. I spun and glared at her two friends, who backed off, fear on their faces.

“Regret, my ass. I can make you regret it more.” I whispered in her ear.

Avery shook for a moment, her eyes becoming afraid. “P-please…”

I let go of her, and she let out a gasp.

“Don’t get me wrong. I understand why you’re angry. My stupid sister had a crush on a boy and was jealous of his female friend, so she lashed out. There was misinformation and they thought it was you, not her. Not only did you take the fall for her, but she never even thanked you.”

“What?” Kelsey took a step back, shock in her eyes.

“You know?” Kristy’s face turned white.

Avery also looked up at me, her body shaking slightly. “If you know, then why-”

“She’s my sister… and even if she’s lazy, petty, and childish, I’m going to look after her, no matter the cost.”

“N-noah…” Both twins turned red for some reason.

Avery looked away, a defeated expression on her face. “Fine, whatever. I’ll leave your sister alone. Is that what you want to hear?”

“It’s a start.” I smiled. “However, part of being a big brother also means I have to clean up their messes. That’s why I want to help you too.”

“Help me?” Avery asked, a confused look on her face.

“Tell me… what are your thoughts on competitive gaming?” I grinned.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 150
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I pulled Avery aside and we spoke quietly to each other for a bit while the twins waited anxiously, and Avery’s friends waited on the other side of the alley. I wasn’t sure how well she was listening to me. She had her head down and seemed rather shy after our previous conversation. She did not at my words, but her cheeks were red the entire time. When I was finished, she agreed again to leave my sister alone.

“If you need anything, you come to me,” I stated.

“Y-you!” Her eyes widened.

“Where is your cellphone?” I demanded, and as she fished it out, I swiped it from her hand.

“What are you doing?” She asked anxiously.

“I’m giving you my number.” I sighed, handing it back to her. “If you ever have problems, just call me directly, understand.”

Why was she looking up at me with teary eyes while biting her lip? I must have scared her. I reached out and patted her head.

“You’re a good girl. Just sort yourself out, okay? Then, I’ll let you suck my… ahem!” I backed away, blushing this time.

I had almost spoken to her as I would have in the previous world. I had to watch for that or I’d get in trouble. I looked at her afraid she would be angry, but she had a curious look on her face. After a second, she grinned.

“I’ll become a good girl, I promise.” She winked at me.

It was my turn to be surprised, but before I could respond, she stuck out her tongue and then spun around and ran back to her friends. As they left the alley, I suddenly felt eyes digging into the back of my skull. Laughing awkwardly, I turned around to see bother of the twins giving me suspicious looks.

“What was that about?” Kelsey demanded.

“Was Avery working with brother all along?” Kristy asked.

“Don’t be ridiculous.” I scolded both of them. “Come on, let’s go.”

I left the alley, and my two sisters began to follow behind me. By this point, it was already dark and the street lights were on. I considered calling home and having mom pick us up, but I didn’t want to be a bother and the walk wasn’t that long either. Plus, there were three of us. The atmosphere felt completely different this time. As we headed down the sidewalk, the girls stayed behind me, whispering to each other.

“Sister… sister, what happened to our brother? When did he become reliable?” Kelsey whispered.

“It’s a trap.” Kristy agreed.

I turned my head and raised an eyebrow at them. “Why are you looking at me like that?”

The two girls stiffened and then blushed.

“Why are you still here?” Kelsey demanded. “Avery already left, you can go on ahead!”

“It’s dark out. I’m going to walk you home.” I explained.

“I can take care of myself!” Kristy complained.

“Is that what was going on in that alley?” I responded sharply, causing her face to redden.

“I- I could have helped her on my own!” Kelsey cut in.

“Likely the pair of you would have ended up getting roped in together,” I mumbled.

“What was that?” The girls glared at me angrily.

Both girls started to cuss me out. I had helped them out and yet, instead of being appreciative, they were berating me. Kelsey accused me of once again setting Avery on me in the first place, while Kristy said I was a pervert who assaulted Avery in front of them and I should be in jail. This was more like what my life had been like before I came to this world. Even when I did good things for them, they only met me with scorn.

I had almost forgotten that this was how I used to be treated, and why I had become so bitter toward my family. It wasn’t all in how I acted, but also in the way, my sisters saw me. In the past, I would have sunk into myself. I might have turned to them and said something nasty about how dumb they were, and then ran off and left them there. However, things were different this time. I had gotten to know my sisters, and even if they were different, I knew who they were deep down. I understood that this sort of thing was a coping mechanism for them, and I didn’t take it seriously.

“Hmm?”

Instead, I became aware of something else. While we were walking and the girls were talking, my eyes had been scoping out the street. While the atmosphere was different, the behaviors I had picked up from back then, such as being more mindful of my environment, hadn’t changed. I had been watching every dark corner and alley suspiciously, intent on making sure the girls got home safely. After all, if I was jumped suddenly and knocked out, they wouldn’t have anyone to protect them.

That’s why I noticed movement out of the corner of my eye. Someone was moving through the shadows. I saw the shape of a person back up into one of the alleys we were just about to pass. I stopped short, squinting into the alley. The two girls who were too busy complaining ended up running into my back.

“Hey!”

“Gross, I touched him!”

A man leaped out from the alley. He was wearing a dark trench coat and he had a wide-brimmed hate that covered most of his face.

“I’ve got something for you!” He said in a deranged voice, reaching into his coat.

The girls who were just cussing me out let out shrieks, grabbing onto my coat. However, I immediately realized what was going to happen. Reaching back, I grabbed the wrists of both girls and pulled them forward. They let out cries again, but I grabbed them each, pulling them against me and putting my hands over their eyes. The man threw open his coat revealing his scrawny naked body. He was emaciated with pocks over his body, likely from drugs. It wasn’t a pleasant sight at all and could be quite traumatizing for a young girl.

“Wh-what are you doing?”

“What’s happening?”

Both of the twins were struggling in my grip, but I tightened it and wouldn’t let either of them move. “Shhh… let big brother handle this.”

“You… why don’t you let your sisters see a real man!” He began to shake back and force, the sound of his balls slapping against his legs audibly.

“When I see a real man, I’ll consider it.” I snorted, looking down at his thing. “Doesn’t make a lot of noise, does it? Well, I prefer to slap mine against a girl’s skin, not my own, but suit yourself.”

His face turned red, and then he cursed, closing his jacket and then racing back into the alley. After a few more moments of waiting to see if he was gone, I let go of my sisters. To my surprise, they stopped fighting me and didn’t pull away as soon as I let them go.

“B-brother?” Kristy looked up at me.

“Wh-what?” I asked, suddenly feeling strange with both girls in my arms.

In the other world, this would have felt natural, but now I felt like I was taking advantage of them.

“What did you mean… about slapping against a girl’s skin?” Kristy asked. “What was that slapping noise earlier?”

Seeing both of my sisters staring at me intently, I coughed awkwardly. “Uh… that was nothing. Let’s go.”

I tried to pull away from them this time, but they both seemed to seize a sleeve, and no matter how I moved my arms they didn’t let go. At least, they didn’t keep asking about the slapping noise. In the end, we walked the rest of the way home in silence. Each girl was holding a sleeve, their heads down, and their thoughts left to themselves. It was an awkward way to walk home, and I nearly cried out in relief when we finally got home.

However, as soon as we opened the door, I heard the angry thuds of someone from the living room marching into the kitchen. Mom had a phone in her hand and an angry look on her face.

“Where have you two been!” She shouted at Kirsty and Kelsey. “It’s after dark! I told you if you’re going to go out, you need to be home before the sun sets.”

“Ah… mom, it’s…” Both girls let go of my sleeves, looking embarrassed as they tried to protect themselves.

Mom was very defensive when it came to her daughters, but she didn’t mind as much if the boys were out a bit later. Well, when the roles had been reversed, I was the only one who needed to be indoors while the girls were all allowed to stay out later, so the reverse held here. I had never noticed this difference in treatment before and had always taken it for granted that mom didn’t worry too much about me even if I came home after 9 pm, not that I usually did. Most of the time, I stayed in my room, watched porn, and masturbated. There was a reason my sisters thought I was gross.

I stepped forward. “I’m sorry mom. It was my fault. I held them up because I wanted to walk them home. My interview went late.”

All three women turned to me in surprise. They weren’t the only ones. With mom yelling, the other girls in the house had all come out to watch the scene. Mackenzie, Dawn, and Bethany were all peaking their heads out from their respective corners. They had been too late to see the twins holding onto my sleeves, and hadn’t realized we had come home together. Mother blinked as if she didn’t notice me standing right behind them.

“A-an interview?” Mom asked.

“Yeah, I got a job as a waiter. Just weekends, I won’t allow it to affect my schooling, and it’s close enough that I can walk if I need to.”

“Noah got a job?” Kirsty whispered to Kelsey?”

“I don’t know.” Kelsey shrugged, even though I had told her as much when we had met, but she wasn’t paying attention.

The steam of anger in mom seemed to have been released by my interruption, but she still wanted to be angry. “W-well, you should know better as to not let them out late. They could get in trouble.”

“We did run into trouble!” Kristy confessed.

“Brother took care of it,” Kelsey added, and then blushed.

Mom’s eyes narrowed, looking between the two girls. They didn’t know how to keep their mouth shut. Even when they were trying to help, they found a way to get me in trouble.

“I’m sorry, I won’t do it again.” I declared.

“I already cooked…” Mom crossed her arms. “I’m too tired to cook something else.”

“I’ll prepare something.” I declared, looking over at the sink. “And I’ll get the dishes done. Don’t worry about it, mom. Just lie down. When I’m done, I’ll give you a massage.”

I said it before I realized it. All of the girls perked up at the word. I hadn’t ever massaged any of them in this world, so the offer seemed to come out of the left field.

“M-massage?” It was Mackenzie who spoke in shock.

“Ah! Th-that… a massage?” Mom seemed a bit flustered. “That’s not necessary…”

“It’s okay.” I decided to stick with what I said. “Just go relax and I’ll be there shortly.”

Mom had already cooked, and most of the food she had left out just needed to be reheated. I did the dishes while I was reheating her food. I might have added a few spices to improve upon her cooking, and I served the twins. They ate quietly while shooting me strange looks like they didn’t recognize me anymore. It made me feel awkward. The other girls also stayed out, finding some reason or another to loiter around as I did the dishes. The twins ended up telling them about the strange man, although the story had changed in their retelling. In their version, he had a knife, and I slapped it out of his hands, and then slapped him silly before threatening more if he didn’t leave.

Considering their eyes were covered, I supposed that was a way of interpreting things. It didn’t make sense considering I was holding them and didn’t have a hand free, but I wasn’t going to argue. They didn’t mention anything about Avery or the alley though, so I was fine with it. At least, they kept their voice low enough that mom didn’t hear, and made the other girls promise to keep their mouths shut. I hoped they would, but if mom asked, I’d just tell her the truth.

When I was done with the dishes, I left the kitchen and headed to the family room. The girls watched me silently as I stood next to mom.

“You can lie down on the couch.”

“O-okay…” Mom lay down on her stomach.

The girls were all watching from the kitchen as mom lay there. Why was this all feeling a bit like that world? I was just trying to be nice to mom.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 151
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Haah… Haah…”

“I’m going to start now.”

“It’s… more than I can taaa…ahhhhhn…”

“Don’t worry, Mom, I’ll be gentle.”

“You say that now… after you’ve ruined me.”

“You’re just being melodramatic. Is there anywhere else you want it?”

“Th-the… the bu…tt…”

“What?”

“M-my butt!”

“Fine, but I’m going to use my whole fist.”

“Ahhhn!!!”

“Twinsie… what is he doing to Mom?” Kelsey pinched her sister

“He-he’s just massaging her,” Kristy stated, but her voice seemed unconvinced.

“Are you sure? I’ve never heard mom make such strange noises.” Kelsey shook her head with a mortified expression.

My sisters were also being melodramatic. I was just giving mom a massage. I had given her many massages back in the previous world. One could say I was extremely accustomed to her body, as well as the bodies of all of my sisters. I knew all of their sensitive spots, triggers, and exactly how they liked it. I hadn’t thought about it when I made the offer to placate my mom, but I had never touched her in this world, so she was unused to being massaged.

In that respect, I might have taken things a bit far. Mom went from having not had the touch of a man in years to being touched exactly how she liked it. She had certainly acted more enthusiastically than I had ever seen her before. Her other self was a bit more subdued and perverted. Usually, she’d entice me into touching her private areas and it would lead to a sexual encounter. Since the roles were swapped, it was women who were supposed to be very expressive during sex while men did all the work. That meant that mom was more expressive now than I was used to, and it had caught me off guard.

I had tried to be reserved in this encounter. I didn’t want to touch mom in any way that might be inappropriate. However, I still knew her body intimately, and even when I wasn’t touching anything too naughty, she had quickly become jelly in my hands. Her moans and shouts had caught the intention of everyone in the house, although only the twins were brave enough to remain the entire time and watch the whole event. Perhaps, they felt it was penance for previously breaking mom’s rules, which was the only reason mom had ended up getting the massage in the first place. My other sisters had retreated to their rooms, and in one case, put on loud music to try to drown out the noises.

I finished kneading her ass with my fist, ignoring the gasps and moans. I was a bit rougher on her butt than she usually liked. A part of me had started to grow excited over mom’s sounds, and a part of me wanted to take her the whole way and see what kind of noises she made with her more feminine and expressive personality. I had bundled all of those dark desires and crushed them with my fists, which ended up meaning I took a little of my frustration out on her butt.

“Ow… Ow… Ow…” She whined.

“S-sorry…” I softened up for the remainder of her massage.

When I finished, I gently touched Mom’s shoulder, only to hear a snore. She had fallen asleep on the couch. Feeling a bit awkward with Mom unconscious on the couch with her shirt pulled up and her bra undone, I quickly fixed those things and put a blanket down on top of her. I looked up to see if the twins had anything to come it, but they had finally run off to their room. It was very late at night, and I was feeling tired.

I did want a bath before I went to bed. It had been a long day. I went to my room and collected my shower stuff. I dressed down to my boxers and threw on my bathrobe. I had forgotten I even had the thing. I had used it extensively in that world. If I tried to walk to the bathroom with my chest exposed wearing nothing butt boxers, none of my sisters would let me make it the way. I smiled to myself as I tied to robe up, a seemingly unnecessary thing now.

I left the room and made it to the bathroom. My hand was on the handle of the door when a nearby door opened up. I glanced over, a bit surprised that someone was still awake. Mackenzie had even turned off her loud music and I was pretty sure just about everyone else was asleep. That was why it was surprising to see Bethany, the youngest one with the seemingly earliest bedtime, was still up.

“Noah.” She spoke quietly, an uncertain expression on her face.

“Yeah?” I asked an innocent look on my face that I had mastered in the previous world.

She looked in both directions and then gestured with her finger. I felt a bit strange, but I still moved forward and followed my sister into her room. My relationship with Bethany in the other world had been a bit awkward. She was a young girl just starting to explore her sexuality, and I didn’t want to ruin her innocence too quickly. This was ironic, because Bethany from that world had been obsessed with femininity, or should I say appearing tough and grown up? We had ended up doing a few things together, but I had resisted going all the way with her.

I supposed Bethany cared about her femininity in this world too, although it probably had a completely different meaning here. Although she often lazed around the house in loose-fitting clothing that showed off her body, she had shown nothing but disgust whenever I looked her way. She had never once allowed me into her room, and most of my other sisters supported her decision and treated me the same. Bethany had always seemed a bit more private than my other sisters, so I had never known anything about her.

That’s why it was surprising she had gestured for me to join her in the middle of the night. We hadn’t had any interactions since I had woken up that might have changed her opinion of me, so I didn’t know what she was thinking now. She closed the door, and with a click, she locked it. I opened my mouth to say something, but she spoke up first.

“I need to talk to you.”

She spoke with her back still facing me. She was wearing her typical night clothing, those loose short shorts which I knew didn’t include underwear. If she bent over or spread her legs the wrong way, she’d expose everything. Her loose, armless top wasn’t much better. Her little nubs were just a side shot away from being exposed. I tried to ignore these facts, keeping my eyes from leering at her body like I might have done before.

“Alright,” I responded simply.

She slowly turned around, and when she looked up at me, she had tears in her eyes. She reached down and grabbed the bottom of her shirt. Then, she started lifting it. My mind panicked when I saw her shirt going up. I leaped forward and grabbed it just before it reached her breasts. She let out a light cry, falling back, and like that she was pressed against the door. Her hands fell and she turned her head away from me, her cheeks turning red. She was trembling slightly, and it took me a moment to realize she hadn’t been lifting her shirt any higher.

Now, I was holding her shirt up with her pinned to the wall. If someone walked in on us, it’d look a certain way. I took a step back letting go of her shirt. However, just before her shirt fell over her belly, I saw the black and blue marks. My mind went blank for a second as the memories came flooding back. Bethany had been getting abused at her school. However, that abuse had come from a boy.

In that world, with the genders switched, it seemed like a girl who liked a boy being a bit more aggressive with him than he should. That’s why it hadn’t occurred to me that my Bethany would be experiencing the same thing. I figured there was no way that a boy would push around a girl like that, and no way my sister would put up with it. It had already been infuriating the first time I had dealt with this issue. Knowing that Bethany had been experiencing it all those months I was in the coma, and I had been back nearly a week and hadn’t even followed up on it, made me even angrier. I felt like such an idiot.

“Noah…” she spoke quietly. “I just…”

“I’ll take care of it,” I responded, barely trusting myself to say anything more.

“I don’t want… I’m sorry I…” Bethany looked slightly unhappy.

“I will take care of it,” I repeated, turning and leaving the room.

I barely got any sleep that night. I spent it pacing back and forth in my room. The next morning, I left early. I didn’t have a ride to school. I didn’t want to let anyone know what I was doing, so I couldn’t ask anyone who could drive me. I also didn’t think the current Anna was the kind of girl who would skip school just to hang out with a boy. I had a lot to think about though, so the hour-long walk to school went by pretty quickly.

I headed for the same hidden back of the school. I was able to hear a few male voices laughing and joking around. Bethany hadn’t arrived at school yet. This is likely where she would have walked only to be abused by this asshole. That’s what I was thinking as I turned the corner. There were three guys there, the same guys I recalled facing before. Thinking about how they had hurt my little sister only filled me with rage once again.

“Hey… who are you?” The bully who had once called himself Bethany’s boyfriend said.

“You know Bethany?” I asked blatantly.

The guy blinked, and then he grinned. “That girl who always follows me around? Yeah, I know her, what about her?”

“Are you dating her?” I asked.

He chuckled. “Why? Are you interested? She sucks great dick. You should try it.”

I shook slightly, and take a step back. “She… sucked your dick?”

The three guys all broke into laughter and the main guy continued. “She does whatever I want. She spends every morning on her knees pleasuring all of us. She’s the best. You should have a taste. Ah… well, it will cost you. $50.”

This guy was trying to pimp out my sister to me. My first was moving before I could stop myself. I just managed to get a solid hit on him, but his two lackeys shoved me back.

“What the fuck?” The guy touched his blood lip as he stood back up. “Kick his ass!”

The two boys descended on me, just like last time. However, this time, they were pulling out knives. These weren’t the feminine boys who acted like young girls. This was a genuine gang of delinquents. They wouldn’t act weak like back then. Yet, I surprisingly felt calm. It was true I was furious, but I didn’t feel scared. I just knew that if I failed, then my sister would continue to be hurt. That wasn’t an option. I charged them.

Honestly, it wasn’t like the easy fights of that world. These guys fought back. It was painful, and I got hit many times. I blacked out for a lot of it, not remembering what happened. Fists were flying and people were grabbing at me. Flesh was cut and clothing was ripped. The only thing that kept me swinging was knowing I had to win. I had no choice. The sight of them taking advantage of my sister kept me burning with rage.

The next clear scene I had, the two guys were unconscious, and the leader was on the floor bloody and confused.

“J-just who the hell are you?” He demanded.

“I’m her brother,” I responded. “If you touch my sister again if you go anywhere near her… I will kill you.”

His face went white for a second, but then a hint of stubbornness appeared and he forced an insolent smile on his face. “Oh? You want to kill me, but I’m your sister’s lover. She’ll be really sad.”

I shook slightly, trying to ignore his words. “Shut the fuck up!”

“Haha… you should see her!” He laughed even as blood came from his mouth. “She takes my entire cock down her throat like a champ. That girl has practically no gag reflex. She hates the taste of cum and spits it out, but I make her swallow my load. You should see her face when deep throats my cock and swallows my cum. She moans like a slut!”

“Oh…” I smiled and let out a laugh of relief. “Thank god.”

“Eh?”

“That doesn’t describe how my sister sucks cock at all. She’s never sucked yours.”

He blinked, a confused expression on his face. I raised my foot and stomped, the last thing he saw before he lost consciousness.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 152
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The scene behind the school was not a scene that could happen without people noticing. Kids buses were unloading, and teachers heard a commotion behind the school. Soon, I was sitting at a nearby bench, covered in blood and cuts, while the teachers were tending to those three kids. The three of them were middle schoolers, but the two big ones had held back twice, so they were supposed to be in my grade. That explained why they were bigger.

The one who ran his mouth was a troublemaker. This group had been a long-running problem for the school. Bethany wasn’t the only person they were abusing. They were even at the level of threatening some teachers. Of course, I wasn’t resolved by all wrongdoing. Much of that stuff only came out later. As Bethany came off her bus, I was being put in handcuffs and escorted into the back of a cop car. Her eyes widened with shock as she saw me there.

“B-b-brother!” She cried out, running across the school to me.

“They won’t be a problem for you anymore.” I grinned.

“A problem?” A voice came from the side, and we both turned to see Officer Bob.”

“S-sir!” I couldn’t help but straighten.

He gave me a wry look. “You could be in a lot of trouble, Noah. I never took you for the kid to get into fights, especially with gang members. I promised your mom I’d look after you, but beating three middle school kids into unconsciousness?”

“Can you call them middle schoolers?” I asked helplessly.

“Look, we’re going to take you in and question you. You might end up in a cell…”

“No!” Bethany cried out, grabbing my arm defensively. “I-it’s my fault! Please don’t arrest Brother!”

“Ah… his sister…” Bob coughed. “What do you mean, fault?”

Bethany looked at me, and then back at Bob. “They… were hurting me.”

She then went through the last few months and all the abuse they had laid her way. After she explained everything, even Bob was shaking slightly. He looked at me.

“You should have… eh… what the hell am I saying, I’d have done the same thing.” Bob shook his head.

“Bethany, did they… do anything else?” I asked, coughing awkwardly.

“Anything else?”

“Um… like… touch you… or make you… do things.”

She stared at me for a second in confusion, but then gasped, covering her body. “P-pervert!”

My expression fell. I had fought them off and done everything to save my sister, and because of what that damn bastard had said, I ended up asking an inappropriate question that put me back down to pervert in her mind. She noticed my crestfallen face and let out a giggle.

“Beth…”

She looked away, touching her fingers together nervously. “He… he had threatened… claimed… he was going to do more. I was afraid, that’s why I told my brother. If you hadn’t acted so quickly… it’d have been…”

Her voice broke with emotion, and she closed her eyes.

“Beth, I’m… mmm!”

She suddenly turned and kissed me. Her eyes were still closed, so the kiss which was supposed to be aimed at my cheek ended up half on my cheek and half on my lips. When she realized where she was kissing, her eyes opened and she let out a cry. She backed up a few steps, and then turn and ran into class. As she ran, other girls were looking, pointing, and giggling.

“Is that her boyfriend?”

“He’s so cute.”

“She’s lucky…”

I heard someone clear their throat, and I looked at Officer Bob still looking at me. “You’re… very close to your family.”

“Hah… yeah…” I tried to laugh it off.

He shook his head. “If you’re half as protective of my daughter as you were of your sister, then there will be no problem between us.”

“Ah… r-right.”

“We’re still going to need to bring you in. I’ll need your statement, and we’ll get the statements of everyone else, but I don’t think you need to be arrested.”

Office Bob got the keys and undid them, and this time I got to drive in the passenger seat of his car rather than the back. We went to the police station where I was asked an assortment of questions. I answered mostly honestly. They didn’t push me on details like how I knew who the boys were, so I didn’t feel like I needed to offer any of that information. I was there for a few hours.

He brought me something to drink and a sandwich to eat, and then he called my mom at work. I didn’t hear the conversation specifically, but I did see Bob’s face turn white and the sound of a woman yelling on the other line. Thankfully, he explained everything as clearly as possible. When he finally hung up, he looked a few years older.

“Your mom…. She’s some woman.” He sighed, sitting down.

“Ah… yeah…” I tried to be neither too excited nor too disappointed at his failure to woo her.

“Your mom’s not available to pick you up, but I have someone coming.”

“Who is that?” I asked.

“Your big sister, London?”

“Ah, that makes sense.”

I hadn’t spoken much with London since I had woken up. Once we started a sexual relationship, she had gone out of her way to be in my world, but back in the days when she was working all the time to support her shitty boyfriend, it would be common if we didn’t see each other or talk more than once every few months. I had been meaning to come up with a reason to see her soon, so it was nice that a reason had presented itself.

After finishing my conversation with Officer Bob, I had a paramedic check me out. He cleaned all of my wounds and stitched me up. I initially declined him as my sister was coming, but then I remembered that London in this world wasn’t a doctor. Of all of the people I had met, she might be the one who had changed the most as the result of the gender role swapping. She went from an accomplished doctor with a gold digger significant other to a struggling waitress supporting her deadbeat boyfriend.

At least, in my other world, London had made something of herself. Dumping her shitty boyfriend became laughably easy when she came to realize she was worth more than that. I didn’t know how to interact with this version of her. When her beat-up and barely-functional car pulled up, I couldn’t help but feel depressed. She was still wearing the tag from the restaurant she was waitressing at, and she had large bags under her eyes.

“Is he free to go?” She asked in a crisp tone, not looking pleased to see me at all.

“Yes,” Bob said. “The paramedics have given him the okay. No need to ride to the hospital.”

She nodded. “Good, I don’t like hospitals.”

I gave her a side look, but I said nothing as I got in the passenger side. I waved goodbye to Dan as her car sputtered and she drove off. When we were out of the side, she turned to me with a vicious stare.

“What were you thinking?” She demanded. “You’re lucky I was available to pick you up! If Mom wasn’t out of town today, she’d be whipping your butt this moment.”

“I’m sorry, I didn’t cost you hours with your job, did I?” My hand instinctively gestured toward her badge.

She grabbed it and pulled it off like she wanted to toss it out the window, but stopped herself. “No, there were no customers and they pay for shit without tips.”

“The morning is probably not a good time anyway.”

“The bastard boss of mine schedules all the pretty girls for the best shifts, and dumps me on the crappy times.”

“What?” I blinked. “You’re pretty though.”

She gave me a side look. “I’m… old.”

I laughed. “You’re quite a bit younger than mom, and mom is a knockout beauty. Did you think the apple falls far from the tree? You’ve been my hot older sister for as long as I can remember.”

She hit the brakes somewhat hard, nearly blowing a stop sign. However, she barely noticed, turning to me for a second. Her mouth opened, and then closed, and she looked away.

“You’re saying that because you’re my brother.” Her voice was no longer angry but sounded somewhat pouty.

It was a cute tone, one she used to use with me when she was trying to get me to act sexually with her but didn’t want to say she wanted sex. Of course, that was the other London, but it still made me smirk. However, I decided not to flirt with her. That wasn’t my intention.

“I wish you took more care of yourself,” I said instead. “You work too hard, you always have. You need someone who takes care of you.”

Her body shook silently for a moment, and then I realized she had tears in her eyes. “Sniff…”

“What?” I leaned back. “Are you okay?”

“It’s… nothing.” She wiped the tears from her face as she started driving again. “I just didn’t I needed to hear something like that.”

“Then, I’m glad I said it,” I responded.

Usually, London would have spent the entire trip lecturing me. When it came to me doing something bad, she was usually twice as naggy as a mom. However, she remained quiet for the rest of the ride. When we finally arrived outside her apartment complex, I couldn’t help but notice the frown on her face.

“What is it?”

“Um… one of my girlfriends is over.” She spoke quietly.

“A friend?” I spoke out loud, and then my eyes flashed.

Dan had to be with a girl. Was I so lucky? It made sense. Dan was always home, and London was always working. If London unexpectedly got off from work, then that presented the perfect time for Dan to have a girl over. Of course, why wouldn’t it be one of London’s friends? I knew this would hurt London, so I cautiously grabbed her hand, but I couldn’t help but feel a bit relieved I’d be able to reveal Dan for the cheating bastard he is.

When she felt me take her hand, she looked over me in surprise. Her face was serious, and she gave a little nod as she led the way up to her room. We moved extremely quietly, and she made sure not to jingle her keys at all. It was like there was an unspoken agreement between the pair of us at that moment to get to the bottom of this. As quietly as she could, she unclicked and opened the door. She took a step in and froze. I was right behind her, frozen as well.

His boyfriend was on the couch shirtless, but he had his pants on.  Standing up and a few steps away was a girl I was very familiar with. It was none other than Jasmine. I never expected to see her ass again. She was holding two beers and was wearing a rather scantily clad outfit of short cutoff jeans and a tight shirt with cleavage.

“What is going on here?” London asked, however, her voice was rather weak and she didn’t show any anger.

I felt a bit frustrated in her place. While the situation was suspicious, it wasn’t damning. Everyone still had their pants on, and it looked like they were just starting. If we had come ten minutes later, would we have seen something inappropriate? At the very least, London should be able to suspect something.

“London? What are you doing home?” Dan asked, looking surprised.

Jasmine also looked surprised, but she quickly covered it with a grin. “I came here to see you, girl. You never call anymore. Of course, when I saw your future hubby all alone, how could I not immediately pounce? You’re lucky you didn’t come a bit later, or I’d stolen him from you.”

She let out a laugh, passing one of the beers to London. I looked at London, expecting her to be incredulous and angry at the other girl, but she let out a laugh too as she took the drink.

“Yeah, right. He’s my man.” London smirked, opening the drink and taking a swig.

My mouth fell open for a moment. Even Dan looked a bit strange, but then I saw the corner of his lip smirk. It seemed I had miscalculated. I was used to a London and a Jasmine who were both very direct about their feelings. I had forgotten how easy it was for them to be deceptive, especially to each other!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 153
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“How long is the little squirt going to be here?” Dan asked casually.

My teeth clenched, but I smiled at Dan. “Just until mom gets back.”

“So, you’re London’s little brother, huh?” Jasmine asked, taking a swig of her beer.

She sat a respectable distance from Dan on the other couch while London sat next to a somewhat uncomfortable Dan, but the pair had exchanged enough looks by now that the situation was obvious. Only my sister seemed to be completely clueless about the situation she found herself in the middle of.

“Yeah, he’s more of a half-brother,” London explained, leaning against Dan who hadn’t even bothered to put his guitar down to hug her.

That was the relationship we had shared before. She had always tried to distance herself from the family. It was almost like she was ashamed of her mother and the rest of us. I suppose, since she knew the story about mother and father, she might be resistant. At the least, she didn’t want to be responsible for a bunch of half-sisters because her mom couldn’t keep her legs closed. At least, that’s one of the things I had heard her say during one of the many arguments she often had with her mom about things. I had never realized how hurtful London was being until I tried living in that other world.

“The better half.” I cut in, walking over and sitting right next to Jasmine.

Jasmine seemed a bit surprised at first, but then she sat back and smiled. London tensed as well, although it wasn’t because of anything like jealousy this time. I wasn’t so hopeful that London had some latent feelings for me that she had never expressed. Rather, it was Dan who had jerked slightly, and London who was reacting to Dan.

I had already come to some conclusions. Jasmine had been a bit of a bro-dude in that previous world. That meant that this Jasmine was still probably a bit easy, although she likely hid her naughty side better. Actually, given the way she dressed, saying she hid it might be giving her a bit too much credit. She expressed it differently, dressing herself up to be chased rather than being the chaser. Either way, if Dan and Jasmine had some relationship, then my course of action was simple. I was going to get in the way of that relationship. All I had to do was seduce Jasmine for myself, and watch as Dan caused his downfall.

“Why is he here, anyway?” Dan asked, a slightly annoyed tinge in his voice as he saw me sitting close to Jasmine.

London gave out an exaggerated sigh. “He got in trouble at the middle school and mom wasn’t available to pick him up.”

“You’re in middle school?” Jasmine seemed shocked.

“No.” I coughed. “I’m in high school. My little sister was getting bullied by some thugs and I had to take care of it.”

“A gang?” Jasmine asked, only noticing then I was housing a few bruises, her finger reaching out toward one on my cheek and stopping just short.

“Ah, yeah, some high school dropouts were picking on her. I don’t think they will be bugging her anymore.”

“Yeah, well, Noah did a dumb thing,” London spoke in a lecturing tone before shooting me a look. “And you’re never going to do something like that again.”

I shrugged. “I make no promises. I won’t sit back and let people that mean something to me get hurt. It’s the same for you, sister.”

“Huh?”

“If any man hurts you, I will make sure they hurt right back.” As I said that, my eyes went to Dan.

Dan scowled slightly, but when London looked at him, he quickly hid his expression and let out a laugh. “This kid thinks he’s some kind of hot shit, doesn’t he?”

“I think it’s kind of cool.” Jasmine leaned toward me. “You’re kind of a bad boy, cutting school and fighting to protect a girl’s honor. That’s hot.”

“He didn’t cut school. He’s out this week because he just woke up from a coma.” London defended quickly while Dan shot me an ugly look.

“A coma?” Jasmine gasped, reaching out and grabbing my arm. “London, you never told me your little bother was hurt. I would have stopped by and brought flowers.”

“What?” London stared at her incredulously. “You’ve never cared about my family.”

Jasmine lifted her chin. “You never talk about them. You never told me you had such a cute brother.”

“C-cute!” London’s eyes widened. “Him?”

“He’s scrawny…” Dan spoke up.

“You would be two after being in a coma.” She pressed her chest against my arm. “He was still strong enough to kick the ass of some hardcore gang members.”

I let out a little chuckle. “It was just three guys. They barely even had knives.”

Jasmine looked at me with bright eyes while my sister’s incredulous face seemed to grow. I could see the irritation in Dan’s eyes and it was even better. Had any girl touched me like she was back in the day, I would have been blushing with a rock-hard boner poking out of my pants. However, that was a lifetime ago, and the current me was completely comfortable with her touch. Especially when it was her, I was immune. I’d react fine with any girl, but Jasmine was a girl I had already explored thoroughly. I knew exactly what she liked and how she liked it.

“It is a shame you’re in high school though.” Jasmine let out a sigh.

I shrugged. “I’m sixteen. That’s the legal age in this state.”

“Really?” Jasmine’s eyes lit up.

“What do you mean?” London seemed to reach her limit, getting up and grabbing Jasmine. “He’s my little brother. You’re almost a decade older than him. Will you quit that?”

London forced her way in between us, Jasmine a bit surprised as she was pushed to the opposite edge of the couch.

“Relax, London!” Jasmine let out a laugh. “I was just teasing you. And who are you calling a decade older? I’m only twenty-three.”

“You’re twenty-five.” London hissed back, jerking suddenly as I put my arm around her and leaned my head on her shoulder.

I had acted without thinking. With London next to me, my old habits resurfaced. I had forgotten we weren’t that close or intimate. The feel and smell of her by my side had brought back those old memories and I had acted on impulse. However, I was her half-brother, and after a few seconds, she decided it wasn’t weird enough to shove me off of her. She must have decided it was preferable to Jasmine doing it. Furthermore, even though we were related and London didn’t suspect any inappropriateness, I could see the rage in Dan’s eyes growing even more.

At first, he had been happy to see his girlfriend breaking Jasmine and me up, but seeing me close to his girlfriend made him just as jealous. He wanted to monopolize both girls. He was a piece of shit.

“I-I barely turned 25,” Jasmine whined, looking over at me with pleading eyes. “That’s not too old, right?”

“Not at all,” I responded, causing London to let out an exasperated noise.

“Jasmine, leave my brother alone. You’re forbidden from having a relationship with him.” London scolded. “Don’t encourage him, he’s just a boy.”

Jasmine’s eyes flashed for a second, but she laughed, waving her hand. “I already said I was joking. Do you want me to sign something? I’m not interested in little kids. I prefer a real man.”

Dan straightened slightly at her words, looking a bit proud of himself. My sister missed this look though, as she was rubbing her forehead. They both missed where Jasmine was shooting me a sultry look as she said that. It seemed to say that I’d become a real man after a bit of time with her, one way or the other.

“Mom will be coming over in a few hours. Jasmine, you should probably go.”

“I’ll go too!” Dan suddenly raised his hand.

“Huh? London blinked.

Dan blushed, his eyes darting to Jasmine. “Uh, your mom and I don’t get along very much. It’s probably better if I’m not here, right?”

“I guess so…” As London tacitly agreed, I wanted to pinch her nipple.

Was London really that dumb? He was waiting for the opportunity to be alone with Jasmine again. He wanted to finish what he started. My idiot sister would be waiting for her with me while her boyfriend went and got his dick wet on this slut. I was racking my brain to interrupt them when a growling sound interrupted all of us. It was coming from Jasmine’s stomach.

“Ah… I’m hungry.” Jasmine declared.

“We’ll stop and get something to eat. Is that cool with you babe?” Dan tried to look innocent, but the excitement on his face was obvious.

“I gue…”

“I want to eat here!” Jasmine cut in, causing both of them to look at her in shock.

“What? Why?”

“I haven’t had a homecooked meal in a while. I want London’s famous cooking.” Jasmine spoke stubbornly.

“I’m not going to…” London began.

“London can cook?” I cried out.

I didn’t mean for it to sound insulting. Even in this world, I had never imagined her as someone who could cook.

“I can cook a little.” London shot me a glare.

“Her cooking is really bad though.” Dan cut in, causing London’s glare to turn to him.

“Fine! I-I’ll cook!” London declared.

She was originally going to refuse, but after having her skill questioned by both of us, she seemed to have changed her mind. London got up in a huff.

“Thanks, your cooking is great!” Jasmine declared.

London’s posture loosened and she gave her friend an appreciative smile as she walked into the kitchen. When London passed, Jasmine shook her head and mouthed the words “no, she isn’t” while shooting me a wink. Dan frowned once again as Jasmine nearly jumped back down onto the couch right next to me, having obtained what she wanted.

“Jasmine…” Dan began, his eyes on London in the kitchen.

The kitchen and family room blended into each other, with a large viewing path between the two. Although it blocked some of the views, she could still look through and see everyone in the family room, and in the other direction, we could see her upper half. She immediately started banging away with pots and pans, clearly intending on making something to prove herself. Either way, Dan found himself unable to put up a fuss, and he was instead trying to get Jasmine to explain herself without me or his girlfriend noticing.

Jasmine deliberately ignored him. “Hey, let’s put on a movie while we’re waiting. I’ll get the lights!”

“Wait, what?”

Jasmine got up and ran to the closet. She turned down the lights and when she came back, she had a blanket wrapped around her.

Dan was staring at her, but she shrugged. “I’m cold. Did you pick something?”

“Oh, Dan, put on that movie we were going to watch this weekend.” London declared.

He blinked, unable to come up with an argument. With a bitter expression on his face, he sat down on the couch alone, his back stiff. Jasmine let out a giggle, flopping down next to me. When she flopped down, she put out her arms, spreading the blanket so it ended up covering my lap too. Her actions seemed too obvious. I had to think anyone who didn’t realize what was happening must be an idiot. Then again, I might have been clueless too if I hadn’t had so much experience sneaking around my sisters.

After the movie started going, London was busy in the kitchen and Dan started to watch the movie despite himself, having picked it out himself in the first place, I wasn’t surprised as I felt a hand suddenly on my knee. As her hand slowly worked its way up my thigh, I found myself curious about just how this night was going to play out. It’d be fun getting there though.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 154
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the movie continued forward, so did Jasmine. While snuggling against me, her hand slowly worked its way to my zipper, which undid slowly without making a noise. It was clear that Jasmine had a lot of experience in this kind of subversive work. She carefully reached in and then pulled my dick out. It wasn’t long before she had my thing in her hand and was stroking it up and down. Across from us was Dan, who was watching the movie. Whenever he looked our way, he frowned, but he at least didn’t seem to notice what was happening under the blanket.

Initially, I was just going to let Jasmine do her thing, but I realized if I just kept up with the flow, Jasmine would get away with jacking me off and no one would be the wiser. Of course, I could just act a bit more animated to her touch, but then she’d draw back in embarrassment and find some way to lie out of the predicament.  So instead, I decided that I needed to reciprocate. Jasmine had been so good at getting me hard and so I wanted to return the favor.

My hand reached out under the sheet and found her leg. She jerked slightly in surprise, but her lips smirked slightly as she spread her legs. After finding the end of her skirt, I started to bring my hand up her thighs. I slowly moved my fingers up over her panties. As they went further, she moaned and her breathing got heavier until finally, I felt her pussy through the fabric.

“You’re making me wet,” Jasmine whispered in my ear as my fingers touched the wet fabric protecting her mound.

The former me would have been on cloud nine hearing her say those words. I would have lost complete control, possibly embarrassing her and myself. I definitely wouldn’t have been able to pay attention to my environment. I would have been so distracted that a bus could have crashed through the door and I might not have noticed. This time, however, I felt that my sister was walking into the room. I made sure the blanket covering me and Jasmine gave nothing away and laid back casually, even though my hand was still between her legs and her fingers were wrapped around my member. I moved just the tip of my finger, circling the area of her clitoris through the fabric, teasing her but not giving her release.

“Is everything okay?” my sister asked, causing Dan to look toward us as well.

“Yeah, this move is pretty good,” I replied immediately.

I pulled my hand out from under the blanket, the one that wasn’t between Jasmine’s legs, and casually put my chin in it as if I was resting to look at the movie.  My sister’s eyes turned to Jasmine, narrowing slightly. Although I was leaning back in the coach in a way that looked innocent, Jasmine was leaning against my shoulder, looking more like my girlfriend than an acquaintance she just met.

“When did you get so friendly with my brother?” She asked, putting glasses on the table with cans of soda for our beverage.

Jasmine yawned. “I’m just tired, and his shoulder is comfortable. Well, he is a bit hard though.”

Her eyes twinkled a bit with mischievousness, but her expression didn’t give anything away. Her hands quickly resumed their stroking motion, as if to challenge my sister. She’d even jack my dick off when my sister was looking right at us. Did she want me to cum while I was looking at my sister? Well, it wasn’t like that was a problem for me, but that wasn’t the direction I wanted to go.

Instead, I used my fingers to push aside the fabric of her panties, attacking the swollen bare flesh. She let in a sudden breath but then leaned forward and grabbed a drink. My hand was temporarily trapped between her legs as she casually went as she poured herself a drink. She had let go of my dick and used both hands as she opened a can and poured it into one of the cups filled with ice. After taking a deliberate drink, her movements seemed to alleviate London, who finally put the rest of the drinks out.

“I’m hungry,” Dan complained as he grabbed his cup.

“I-it’s almost done.” London declared, racing back into the kitchen.

Jasmine shifted back into her position next to me. Her hand pinched me before she reached out and grabbed my cock once again.

“You’re naughty.” She whispered in my ear.

“You have no idea,” I responded, grinning.

She spread her legs once again. When my hand went up her skirt, I was shocked to find her panties were pulled down her thighs. When she had leaned forward to get her drink and then move back, she had somehow managed to pull her panties down too. That was some real skill right there. I had to admit I was impressed. This time, I didn’t hesitate to slide my fingers into her. With the blanket hiding us, I started to finger Jasmine while she stroked my cock.

I felt a little bad about doing this in front of London, but every time I looked over to the couch and saw that the bottom feeder still sitting there, my fingers began to move even more aggressively. The TV was loud enough to cover any sounds we were making. Besides, if they caught me fingering Jasmine, it’d be for the best.

She moaned lightly in my ear. “I’m getting close.”

When she said that, I started to pump faster. Her other hand moved to the front of my shorts and began playing with my balls. I couldn’t help moaning myself as I felt her fingers gently stroking my cock. My own hands began to work on her pussy. I could feel her juices seeping out between my fingers. It was such a turn-on.

“Fuck…” She panted heavily into my ear.

“So, I finished the meal!” London’s announcement caused us both to jump.

I had been getting a bit too into it that I had almost stopped hiding it. Jasmine had pulled both her hands back. Even though they probably smelled like my balls, she pulled out a makeup case with a mirror and started to fix herself in it like I wasn’t even there. As for me, my fingers were still trapped in her twat. She had moved into a leaning-forward position again where I couldn’t move my arm. I could still move my fingers, but I waited for a moment.

By the time London walked into the room while holding a bunch of bowls, there was nothing suspicious between us. She put the bowls down on the table proudly, but when I glanced at what it was, I couldn’t help but frown.

“Macaroni and cheese?”

“What’s wrong with Macaroni and cheese?” London demanded, her fists on her hips.

“N-nothing!” Quickly grabbed a bowl.

It was a bit of a juggle eating with one hand, but I didn’t get noticed as Jasmine and Dan also grabbed bowls. However, after taking a few bites, something felt a bit off.

“It’s… a bit chewy,” Jasmine spoke while making a face.

“Di-did you follow the recipe?” I asked.

“I followed it!” London declared before blushing slightly. “I might have substituted a few items.”

“Substituted, there are only four items, macaroni, cheese, milk, and butter!” I declared.

“I did a good job!” London declared unhappily. “Right, Dan?”

“Geh!” Dan coughed up, making a face and causing London’s glower to turn depressed.

Rather than get angry at him, though, her wrath seemed to turn to me. “If you’re such a critic, how about you do better?”

“You want me to cook?” I asked.

“Hehe… if you don’t think-”

“Sure.” When I stood up, I took the blanket with me.

However, I passed in front of Jasmine, and I used that moment to free my hand from between her legs. Under the guise of trying to scoot passed her, I fixed up my dick and zipper and gave her the chance to fix her underwear. Just in case, I tossed her the blanket as I passed. She bit her lip, giving me a sultry look that only lasted until I passed her and the other two could see us. It was a pretty smooth move if I did say so myself.

London was flustered for a few minutes, but she finally settled for grumbling, although the other two were too preoccupied to listen. Dan tried to give London a kiss when she sat down next to him, but she turned her head away and all he got was hair.

“My brother is here.” She responded, causing his expression to darken.

Meanwhile, Jasmine looked like she was sitting on bricks. No matter how she sat, she didn’t look like she could get comfortable. Of course, it wasn’t that she was uncomfortable, but that she was horny and we hadn’t finished. This was something I recalled from the other world, something that couldn’t be changed by gender roles. Even in that world, once a girl got horny, it was hard for her to control her body without relief.

Guys had their moments, but for the most part, a guy could think about something else and lose his erection for a time. It was even possible for him to move on without release. When it came to women, once those juices were flowing, that was all their minds could think about. That was fine with me though. I let her stew as I began to pull out ingredients and start cooking. London and Dan didn’t have a whole lot of food, but I was used to that after living in a gender-swapped house filled with girls who never bought proper groceries.

London’s grumbling quieted down a short time later when good smells started coming from the kitchen. Since she only came over to mom to beg for money or some other kind of help, she probably hadn’t had a properly cooked meal in a while. I could see her glancing this way with anticipation. However, just as I was getting lost in cooking, I heard a whisper in my ear.

“You can cook too? Where has London been hiding you?” Jasmine whispered in my ear.

“Jas- mmm!”

“Shhh!” Jasmine whispered, looking over at the two sitting on the couch before grinning at me.

With that, she slowly sank to her knees. As it turned out, on her knees, she was hidden from those in the family room. She immediately started fishing into my pants as a girl possessed. My eyes widened for a second, but I wasn’t nearly as flustered as I might have been in the past. A moment later, Jasmine was sucking my dick while I was trying to cook.

“Mmm!” Jasmine moaned quietly around my cock, making me chuckle.

I started to turn up the heat. The crackling of the ingredients hid the noise and prevented my sister and her fiance from hearing us. I could only imagine how awkward they would be if they heard what we were doing right now. Jasmine’s lips moved up and down my shaft, getting faster with each passing second until she had me struggling to continue the cooking. Meanwhile, in the family room, London and Dan were watching the movie. London was watching the movie while Dan kept looking toward the hallway leading to the bathroom. She must have told them she had to use it and then ducked into the kitchen instead.

After a few minutes of this, it felt like I was about to cum. Jasmine must have sensed it because she quickly deepthroated my cock in her mouth. In one quick motion, she swallowed me whole and continued bobbing up and down. I closed my eyes and let out a moan. Her tongue worked quickly, and I felt myself build up to the point that I couldn’t hold back any longer.

Jasmine felt it too. She slowed herself down just enough so that when I came it would land inside her mouth. I could feel her throat working against my cock as she tried to swallow it all. When I finally finished, she withdrew her head and looked up at me. With a wink and a smile, she licked her lips.

“I want to fuck you next,” she purred.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 155
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“It smells really delicious.” London’s voice cut into the kitchen. “When did you learn how to cook?”

I glanced up to see London staring at me suspiciously through the viewing area. I let out a laugh. At this point, Jasmine had already snuck back into the hallway and come out as if she had just freshened up in the restroom. Of course, only I knew she had just swallowed a load of my cum. Feeling a bit relaxed, I finished cooking the meal.

As far as taking things further, I didn’t plan to have sex with Jasmine. This wasn’t that other world where men held back and women had sex indiscriminately. There, STDs were much lower as a result. I knew I was still lucky I had never gotten anything. Perhaps, during my time as a prostitute, I actually had, but I had left that body behind and as far as I knew, I didn’t have any diseases. That said, a skank like Jasmine might have something. I wouldn’t be against getting a blowjob, but I wasn’t going to risk sticking it in her.

That said, I had Jasmine revving to go. I just had to fan the flames for a bit and watch it all burn. I brought out food for everyone.

“Mmm!” London let out a moan as she bit into the food. “This is as good as something mom makes.”

“It’s okay.” Dan sniffed, looking displeased even though he was eating nearly as fast as his girlfriend.

“It seems you have a lot of talents,” Jasmine smirked at me flirtatiously.

“Jasmine, can you stop?” London asked.

“What? I’m just saying…” She laughed playfully, putting a hand on my shoulder that stayed there a bit too long before she pulled back.

London frowned as she looked at this. She wasn’t jealous, but she looked annoyed. After giving me head, Jasmine appeared to have thrown away any attempt at hiding her intentions. She was actively pursuing me now, and Dan was struggling the hide the rage on his face. Thankfully, Jasmine didn’t push her luck and ate instead. The four of us ended up sitting and eating in silence. As we finished eating, Dan dropped his spoon in the bowl loudly.

“London, shouldn’t his mom be rea-”

“Let’s play a game!” I shouted.

“Huh?” London turned to me a blinked. “Like what?”

Dan was going to suggest we call my mom and I get sent home, but after I had spoken, both girls had their eyes on me. I couldn’t finish my plan if I left, so I naturally had to come up with something to keep me there. Jasmine probably thought I didn’t want to leave for her sake, and so she was nodding encouragingly. As for London, I didn’t know why, but she didn’t seem to want the night to end either. I was starting to think that she might be lonely. Dan wasn’t enough, and with a two-timing friend like Jasmine, I could understand why she felt alone.

“Um… Pictionary?” I offered.

“Yeah! We can play Pictionary!” Jasmine cried out, a bit too excitedly. “I’m on Noah’s team!”

Dan gritted his teeth while London’s eye twitched slightly, but after a moment she put on a smile and nodded. “Sure, I guess…”

“Seriously? You want to play that baby game?” Dan frowned.

“You want to bet on it?” I asked.

Dan’s eyebrow raised slightly. “A bet? I’m not going to steal your lunch money, kid.”

“Didn’t I mention it? I got a job. I’m a waiter on weekends. Although, your comment gave me an idea. Let’s bet that.”

“You’re working?” London asked in shock but then narrowed her eyes. “Bet what?”

“A date,” I smirked.

“A date?” Dan asked.

“If we win, I’ll pay for you and my sister to go on a date.” I declared.

London’s eyes brightened at the prospect of going out. “Really?”

“Yeah.” I nodded. “Why not?”

I planned to destroy their relationship anyway. Even if I lost this, I doubted there would be another night between the pair of them, let alone one I was paying for.

“And what if you win?” Dan asked suspiciously.

“The same… you pay for my date.”

“Your date? With her?” His eyes flashed angrily as he looked Jasmine’s way.

“You got a problem with that?” Jasmine asked haughtily, causing his eyes to ignite with fire.

Before he could make a response, London pulled on his sleeve. “I don’t want my best friend dating my brother either. You don’t need to worry though, we’ll win.”

“How are you so sure?” He asked, tilting his head in her direction.

“Babe…” She lowered her eyes before pinching him. “We’re on the same team! We’ve been together for so long. These two barely know each other!”

His eyes widened and he nodded his head. “Oh, yeah… that’s right! We’ll play!”

“We can still win!” Jasmine sniffed, not appreciating London’s assessment.

“Yeah, sure you will.” Dan turned to me and Jasmine and grinned like he was a cat who just found a rat. “Good luck. You better send your sister on a nice date, $100 minimum. A kid like you probably thinks McDonald’s is nice.”

His voice was filled with condescension as he spoke.

“That’s fine, as long as you agree to the same,” I responded the only one between the four who didn’t look a bit upset. “I agree to the conditions as long as you honor them too.”

“Heh…” He snorted. “Let’s start then.”

A game started and we began to guess each other’s answers. Although London and Dan were boyfriend and girlfriend and had been for years, I wasn’t all that worried. It wasn’t so much that I knew Jasmine. After all, Jasmine and I had only carried on our relationship for a few days before parting. Furthermore, this was a Jasmine from a different world, and I didn’t know what was necessarily applicable between both.

However, what I did have was my understanding of women, or should I say, men. I walked in the shoes of someone with that role. Jasmine reminded me a bit of myself when I was in that previous world, and so I felt like I had a good read on her. My prediction turned out to be true when I was able to guess what she meant quickly, and then draw something that allowed her to quickly understand what I wanted.

Meanwhile, Dan and London didn’t see eye to eye at all. I didn’t know how good of a musician Dan was, but if his art indicated anything about his music, then it was no wonder that he had never amounted to anything. Worse, London couldn’t make heads or tails out of his chicken scratch. When she started drawing her image, Dan didn’t seem to be able to guess at all. He became more and more annoyed the more she pointed at the image.

“Times up!” I called.

“It’s the moonwalk!” London cried out.

“What? That ball you drew is the moon? You call that walking?” Dan replied angrily. “This is completely stupid!”

“Dan…” London tried to smooth things over.

“It’s tied…” I grinned.

“No!” Dan growled before glaring at me. “That’s because you haven’t had your turn yet. If you go, you’ll win unfairly.”

“How is it unfair?” I asked.

“You have a doctor in training on your team.” Dan declared angrily. “Of course, she’d be good at this stuff. All I have is a girl who barely even graduated high school!”

I stiffened, while London lowered her head, looking ashamed. “What did you say?”

Dan snorted. “You heard me. You have someone smart on your team, while all I have is this… this…”

He stopped himself just short of calling her an idiot, but the word still hung in the air. Even Jasmine looked a bit uncomfortable. London shook slightly, looking like she might cry.

My lip peeled back, and I managed to just keep myself from lunging at him. I had seen another world. I had seen a world where Jasmine had gone to college, made it into medical school, and become a doctor. I knew London was a brilliant woman. The only reason she didn’t have that experience this time around was because of Dan. She had given up her dreams to help him pursue his dreams. Yet, he was still just a nobody, and to further sell her out because of his inability, left my entire body feeling a white-hot fury.

“Fine… let’s switch partners.”

“What?” Jasmine asked, sitting up slightly.

“I’ll use London this turn.” I declared. “I’ll even give you a few extra points. If we win anyway, then you pay for the date.”

“Noah…” London looked at me awkwardly.

Dan grinned. “You want to fuck Jasmine so badly?”

“Dan!” London looked at him in horror.

“The winner wins the date,” I responded. “You’ll be paying for my date with my sister.”

“Wh-what?” London blinked, looking at me.

“You…”

“What? A brother can’t go to a nice restaurant with his sister once in a while? Are you that insecure?” I asked and then leaned forward. “Or would you rather me and Jasmine…”

“Fine!” He huffed. “It’s a deal! If I win, then I’ll go with Jasmine and you pay.”

“What?” Jasmine blinked.

“That’s…” London looked at him oddly.

“Just as friends,” Dan responded snidely.

I smiled and then walked up to my sister. “It’s okay. We’ll win.”

She looked at me, a bit of shame in her eyes. “I’m not… good at this. I’m not good at a lot.”

I shook my head, reaching out and wiping her cheek which was wet. “Don’t say that. You’re good at a lot of things. You’re bright, capable, and beautiful. You’re my sister, and all of my sisters are beauties who deserve a man who can take care of them. Until you find that man, I’ll be him, okay?”

“You…” Dan growled.

“Noah…”

“My turn!” I grabbed the card and the marker and went up to the sheet of paper. “Start the timer!”

I began drawing, and a moment later London gave out the right answer. I started the next and she answered it instantly. Each time she answered, her confidence grew and she answered the next question even more quickly. Although the time was brief, it felt like we were in our little grove. It was like all the barriers that had been up between us our whole lives come crumbling down, and for that brief moment, we were nothing more or less than brother and sister.

By the time the timer was up, we had more than enough points. We had completely won. Dan had a glower on his face, and his body was nearly shaking with rage.

“B-but, you’re going out with London! I was on the winning team.” Jasmine complained. “This isn’t fair at all.”

“Don’t worry.” I grinned, grabbing Jasmine around the hip and pulling her to my side. “I’ll take you out on a date with my own money. Dan would probably what an itemized checklist anyway and it wouldn’t be any fun.”

She giggled, her humor returning. “That sounds much better.”

“Get your hands off of her!” Dan suddenly shoved us both apart.

“Hey!” Jasmine cried out angrily.

“What’s the big idea?” I asked.

“You don’t get to touch her.” Dan snarled. “And to hell, if you’re going to be going on a date with her.”

“You can’t tell me what to do,” Jasmine responded.

“Shut up!” he snapped back.

“Dan…” London’s eyes were wide in shock.

“Jealousy looks ugly on you, Dan,” I responded.

“Who’s jealous?” Dan asked, his face dark. “You think you’re better than me?”

“I mean… I got the girl.” I laughed.

Dan grinned. “Yeah, be proud of yourself for nailing a slut. There isn’t a guy she hasn’t fucked. I came in her without a condom. Told the dumb bitch I couldn’t have children and she let me nut all up inside her. Imagine that when you fuck her. I had her first.”

“I don’t think that’s going to be a problem,” I responded.

“And why’s that?” He demanded.

“Cause you just said that in front of your girlfriend, dumbass.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 156
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

|  | The End

“London, you are so much smarter than you think you are. I’ve sat back and watched as Dan has taken advantage of you for years. I’ve had enough of it. I want to see you happy and successful for once in your life.”

“I just… don’t know what to do now…” London sniffled, blowing her nose on a tissue I held out for her.

I’d like to say that London instantly accepted the reality of Dan’s cheating and kicked him out, but even with him admitting it, he tried to gaslight her while she tried to convince herself she heard him wrong. Eventually, Jasmine confessed her affair with Dan, not because she was sorry for her friend or angry at Dan, but because she didn’t want me to think she was with Dan. It took a video on her cellphone where she was in bed naked with him before London finally accepted the truth and kicked him out. Dan tried to resist, but I still had a black eye from the fight I had been in earlier that day. With a kitchen knife in my hand, I smiled and asked if he was ready to fight. He fled the apartment quickly after that. After that, London wept and I ended up being the shoulder she cried on. I didn’t get annoyed or push her off me though. I merely held my sister as she cried and shook.

“London, you’re still young. There are plenty of people who didn’t know what they wanted to do the rest of their life while they were older than you. I just know that whatever you want to do, you can do. You won’t just have Mom supporting you, you’ll have me as well. You’ll have all of us.”

She looked up at me, wiping her eyes. “Really?”

“Of course,” I smiled at her. You’re my family. I love you.”

She bit her lip, her cheeks turning red. “Noah… I-I… l-love…”

“Are you brother and sister?” A voice cut in.

The two of us turned to see Jasmine still sitting there, slightly bored. It seemed like she hadn’t gotten the idea the last hour or two that this was London’s time and she needed her space. Thus, she was eating popcorn and finishing the movie London and Dan had started while ignoring London’s crying. The movie’s ending credits were now playing, so she was watching us again.

“Jasmine…” London finally pulled away from me, straightening her blouse. “Don’t act like we can just continue being friends. You were having an affair with my boyfriend.”

“I broke it off.” She responded, putting more popcorn in her mouth. “You wouldn’t even know there was an affair without me!”

“Yeah? And you only told me because you want to fuck my brother!” London declared with a glower, then blushed when she realized she swore.

“What’s wrong with that?” Jasmine wasn’t even denying it. “What, do you want him instead? Your brother and sister…”

“We’re half-brother and sister.” London shot back.

“Well, you can’t commit half-incest!” Jasmine responded.

London’s face turned red. “I-I’m not interested in him that way. He-he’s family.”

“Tell that to my uncle.”

“What?”

“Nothing!” Jasmine shrugged. “Look, you need some time, so why don’t you chill in your room and…”

“You’re done fu- you’re not sleeping with my brother in my house.” London declared. “Last I recall, I’m paying the rent on this place. Dan certainly never did.”

“Then, Noah…” She leaned toward me, grinning. “Want to take a ride?”

“Uhhh…”

“His mom’s coming in like ten minutes.” London snapped. “He’s not going with you.”

“Jeese… I’m a hot girl, I just want to fuck, why are you making this so difficult.” Jasmine whined, looking directly at me.

“You-“

“You want a date?” I asked, leaning forward with a smirk.

“No… I don’t know. A date? You’re just some kid and I’m horny. It’s not like I want to be your girlfriend.”

“Alright, let me make it clearer.” I chuckled. “Do you want me to take you out and fuck your brains out with my big dick so you can barely walk after?”

“Noah!” London looked at me with shock.

Jasmine looked amused. “Aren’t you acting presumptuous? You’re just some virgin kid talking about giving it to me good…”

I shrugged. “You’ve already had a taste, you sure I can’t give you what you want? Pretty sure you wouldn’t have dumped Dan and still be here if you didn’t think I had sufficient ability.”

She looked at me for a moment and then made a noise through her teeth. “Why does confidence turn me on so much? I can already tell you’re not that interested in me, so what do you want?”

“Recommendation.”

“Huh?”

“A recommendation, for London. Help her get through college and med school.” As I spoke, I pulled out a flyer I had printed out from the internet and put it on the table in front of London. “It’s a six-year program, straight through premed and then med school. It’s going to be tough, but without Dan holding you down, you can make it. Get a smaller place, a one-bedroom or a studio, and use the rest to pay tuition. If you need help… I will do what I can to help.”

“Y-you think I can become a doctor?” London’s eyes widened. “I don’t even have a college education.”

“I know… that’s why I found this program. With your old friend’s recommendation, you might even have a chance of getting in.”

“Noah…” Her hand reached out and touched mine, her body leaning toward me.

‘You sure you two are brother and sister?” Jasmine asked.

Before we could answer, there was a ringing sound. London jumped up and ran to the door. After buzzing someone in, she came back.

“It’s Mom!” She confessed.

“Damn…” Jasmine growled.

I threw my phone number onto Jasmine’s lap. “You can take the offer or not. I believe London will succeed with or without you, but this might be a way you can win her good graces back, especially after the boyfriend thing.”

“R-right…” Jasmine deliberately looked away like she didn’t care.

I got ready and by the time I was cleaned up, Mom was knocking on the door. I noticed that the phone number had disappeared from the table, even though Jasmine was still looking away as if it had nothing to do with her. I opened the door only to be assaulted by Mom immediately.

“I heard from Bob, oh my god, you did get into a fight.” Mom grabbed my face and started fretting angrily.

“Mom,” London spoke up, but Mom didn’t hear her. “Mom!”

“What?” Mom asked, finally looking London’s way.

“Don’t punish Noah too hard. He was just looking out after his sister.” A smile formed on her lips. “I guess, brother does that from time to time.”

“Uhh… y-yeah…” Mom raised an eyebrow.

“I’ll be around if you need me to, London.” I handed her another slip with my phone number too. “Don’t be afraid to call me for anything.”

London looked at it for a moment, then teared up and threw her arms around me, hugging me. Mom let out a noise of surprise.

“I love you.” She whispered, but as she pulled back she grabbed the back of my neck, and under the guess of kissing my cheek, she whispered. “Just a heads up, Jasmine has herpes.”

“Yeah, I figured,” I responded, chuckling.

She finally pulled away, realizing Mom was now staring at her as she had turned into some strange beast. London blushed, and before the pair could say any more, I ushered Mom out the door and said one last goodbye.

“Promise me you won’t be causing any more trouble like that…” Mom was saying as soon as we got in the car.

“Yeah, I promise. Unless… my sisters are in trouble.”

Mom’s expression twisted for a second. “Are you doing okay?”

She reached up and touched my forehead while steering with the other hand.

“Hey, stop!” I swatted her hand away.

“It’s just since you woke up, I’ve felt like things have been changing.”

“Oh? How’s that?”

“I don’t know. The family just seemed to be in pieces lately. It was like you were all living in the same house, but didn’t have any relationship with each other. Dawn hid in her room, while Bethany wouldn’t even talk to anyone. Mackenzie seemed to be in her little world, and don’t even get me started on the twins. Yesterday, Dawn told me she wants to use her college money to start a photography business. When I picked up Bethany, she cried and told me all kinds of things about her life.”

“I might have spoken with them,” I responded vaguely.

“I don’t know if that’s it. Ever since your dad left… no, I can speak about it.” I was about to stop her but she sensed that and held up her hand and continued. “Ever since your dad left, it was like this family had lost something. We continued to live in the same house, but nothing was holding us together. Somehow, since you woke up, I feel like we found something that we lost.”

“A man…” I spoke quietly.

“Hmm?”

“Ah, nothing.” I smiled. “I’m glad if you’re happy.”

“Well, there is one thing…”

“What’s that?” I asked.

Mom wouldn’t say until we were finally home. When she opened the door, it was already late at night, but I froze when I looked around the kitchen. Other than London, the rest of my sisters were all there. As soon as I walked in, they all turned to me, but that was it. They turned back and started grabbing at cartoons of food on the table, putting them onto their plate.

“It’s about time,” Kelsey growled. “I’m starving.”

“You’re always hungry.” Kristy snorted.

I felt Mom’s warm hands on my back. “They didn’t want to start eating until you came home.”

“It’s… Chinese.”

“Well, mom was out all day…” Dawn responded, immediately grabbing a plate. “And the brother was at London’s place.”

“How is London?” Mom asked as she took off her coat and put up her purse. “I was in a bit of a hurry. I didn’t even get to catch up with her. Is she still trying to plan this elaborate wedding with that boy Dan? I don’t necessarily dislike him, but I can’t afford to pay her bills.”

Mom sat down and started to make a plate for herself. I silently watched all of my family together. They were eating like this was a normal thing, but it was the first time I had ever seen them do it by choice in this world.

Mackenzie kicked an empty chair out. “Have a seat.”

She looked away, a complicated expression on her face. I slowly sat down.

“Noah?” Mom asked as she sat across from me.”

“Ah! She broke up with Dan.” I declared. “He was cheating on her.”

I gave a rough account of what happened.

“Seriously?” Kristy’s eyes widened.

“I hate cheaters,” Mom responded, but then winced slightly, her thoughts easy to read.

I felt a tug on my shirt. “Is your eye alright, brother?”

“Bethany? Ah, yeah, it’s fine.” I reached up before letting my hand drop.

“I do hope it heals up before prom. That’s only a week away.” Mom declared.

“Mackenzie was just telling us that she doesn’t have a date for prom.” Kelsey declared.

“What? I didn’t tell you that!” Mackenzie cried out.

“It’s true though, isn’t it?” Kelsey asked with a little grin on her face.

“Th-that’s none of your business,” Mackenzie growled.

“I wonder if she’s just waiting for the right guy to ask her,” Kristy added, sharing the same grin with her sister.

“I’m not!”

“Will you two stop teasing your sister?” Mom interrupted.

“I’m going to be doing the photography prom night,” Dawn announced before things became silent once again.

“Really?” Kelsey spoke with a mouth full of food, “That’s cool!”

“J-just for yearbook… not the official… images.” Dawn blushed.

“Still, it’s something.” Mom smiled. “I’m proud of you.”

Dawn blushed more, but then she looked my way. “Are you coming? Are you going to leave your big sister a dance?”

All of my sisters looked in my direction.

“Me?”

“I-isn’t it a bit weird to dance with your little brother?” Mackenzie asked.

“I’ll be dressed up but I won’t have time to bring a date,” Dawn responded. “It isn’t weird unless I make it weird.”

“I’m a sophomore… Prom is for Juniors and Seniors.” I tried to deflect.

Mom had mentioned the prom earlier, but I hadn’t thought much about it since the world returned to this one. In the other world, it seemed a given some Junior would take me, but this was a bit different. I could get Abigail to take me as she was a bit older. There were also Anne and Samantha, although they were both Sophomores too.

“I know! Noah should just take Mackenzie!” Bethany declared.

“Wh-what?” Mackenzie cried out. “A d-d-date… he-he’s my brother!”

“I don’t mind,” I responded, causing Mackenzie’s eyes to snap at me. “I have a few friends, we could go as a group.”

Mackenzie relaxed slightly. “Ah, ye-yeah… we could do that.”

Bethany looked oddly disappointed. “That’s not what I meant.”

Of course, I didn’t tell her that the other three people I planned to invite were my girlfriends. I’d cross that bridge when I came to it.

The girls continued to chat, joke, and fight as we ate all of the remaining Chinese. It had already been evening when I came home, and by the time we finished, it was already late.

As the girls finally headed off to bed one after another, I made my way to the living room. I remembered the last few crazy months. I had done so many crazy things with my family on that couch. I had grown close to them, although perhaps not in the healthiest of ways. I picked up the family image. It was the same one no matter which world. I was standing apart from all of the girls, an invisible barrier erected between us. I didn’t know when it had appeared or how, but I knew I no longer wanted that wall anymore.

This time, I had a chance to get it right. We’d take a new family picture. We had the rest of our lives to get it right. This was my house, and no matter what happened, I’d always be their man.

|  | The End

Yes, this is the end of Man of the House. The ending was really the prositute arc then with an extended epilogue as he settles make in his own world. If you were expecting some incest harem ending, sorry, I wrote what I felt made a better story, not what makes your little self feel better. He learned from the previous world, grew, and became closer with his family as a result. If I had him banging his mom and sisters in this world, then he really wouldn't have changed at all.

That said, I might rewrite and break the series up into 3 ~50 chapter books, perhaps adding a few more chapters in between for publication on eBook. In which case, it’d be a trilogy. I have at least 2 bonus chapters planned out taking place after this (the prom and his first day of college, these will answer questions on who he ends up with and so on). The eBooks won’t come out for a bit, so be patient. If you'd like to support me, my website is  where you can read this book and many others.