

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1: Trickery
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

Such good weather… When Meng Qi opened his eyes, he was amazed by the view in front of him. The cloudless blue sky made him feel completely refreshed and relaxed as if he had just woken up from a beautiful dream.

As he was quietly admiring the view in his mind, somebody fiercely shook his body. An anxious voice followed right after, “Young master, you are finally awake!”

“Young master?” Meng Qi turned around and saw an extremely nervous middle-aged man standing behind him. The man had a horse-shaped face that would be hard for anyone to forget, and five wisps of hair on his chin that resembled those of a goat’s. However, what was more eye-catching was the turban cap and the super large clothes that he was wearing.

“Wait, what’s happening?”

“Young Master, are you feeling okay?” the man started to touch Meng Qi’s body from head to toe. Meng Qi was scared to death because he thought he was being sexually harassed. So he hastily sat up and tried to move back. However, the man’s powerful hands were like iron clamps, and he couldn’t even move a centimeter. At the same time, he felt something warm flowing inside his body, which cured every bit of uncomfortableness that he had just been experiencing. The warmth that spread through his body felt like bathing in a hot spring.

Seeing that Meng Qi stood up, the man nodded. “You must be fine now.”

Yet after arbitrarily making such a conclusion, he was still worried so he asked again, “Young Master, do you feel unwell anywhere else?”

Meng Qi had no idea what was happening. He answered in confusion, “No.”

The horse-faced man immediately became relieved. His face broke into a smile that was uglier than a crying face. He then said, “Young master, the duke had no choice. Think about it, whatever happens, it would be better to stay in the temple than at home. Although life here might be lonely and you will be separated from the rest of the world, Shaolin is one of the greatest sects of Kungfu! Perhaps you will even get the chance to become a golden-bodied Luohan. Your reputation will overwhelm the whole world, and you will be freed from all worldly sufferings through nirvana. Besides, you have an inborn connection to Buddhism. Remember that no-name monk who gave you a jade pendant?…”

As he spoke, he seemed to feel that what he had said was too unrealistic. He felt somewhat embarrassed, and his voice became quieter and quieter. Eventually, he mumbled a bit and decided to change his method of persuasion, “Well, maybe a golden body is too difficult to attain. But you know, there are 72 kinds of ultimate arts under Shaolin Kungfu, and all of them are like superpowers. If you can learn a few of them, when you enter the Jianghu in the future, you will become undefeatable. How awesome would that be?”

Again, as he spoke, his voice became smaller and smaller, almost to the level of a mosquito’s humming. Eventually, he decided to give up and covered his face with his left hand. Then he turned around and left, vanishing like smoke, leaving only a long sigh.

Watching this horse-faced man quickly disappear into the mountain woods, Meng Qi felt even more confused by the chatters that he had just heard. At that moment he only wanted to ask one question.

“Who the hell are you?”

The whole situation was just ridiculous!

Meng Qi realized that the place he was in was not only unknown, it was also peculiar.

“It was like ancient China!”

“All I did was watching the World Cup last night, how could this have happened to me? Did I time-travel while I was sleeping?”

Meng Qi did not suspect this to be a prank or that he was in the movie studio of some Chinese historical drama. This was because when the horse-faced man left, not only did he walk away as if a vicious monster was chasing after him, but he walked away as fast as a frightened horse. And that was definitely not something a normal human being could do!

“He must be a Kungfu master!” Meng Qi concluded by recalling the novels and TV dramas that he had read and watched.

“Namo Amitābha, please follow me into the temple.” Meng Qi was just about to dive further into his imagination when a low-pitched voice arose behind him. The voice startled him so much that he nearly screamed.

“Since when was this person standing behind me?”

“And why did I not notice him at all?”

Meng Qi almost strained his neck as he turned around to see who was behind him. What he saw was a monk dressed in a yellowish-brown robe. The monk was very tall but as thin as a bamboo and had an ordinary face that wasn’t special at all. However, his eyes were full of dispiritedness, which made his age difficult to guess. He could be around 40 or 50, although Meng Qi was pretty sure the monk was at least in his 30s.

Seeing that Meng Qi had noticed him, the monk did not speak another word but instead signaled Meng Qi with his eyes to follow him. He turned around and walked towards the main entrance of the temple.

What made Meng Qi astonished was that above the main entrance there was a gilded horizontal board, and on the board, three large characters were written:

“Shaolin Temple!”

“It was really Shaolin Temple!”

Since it was his first time in such an unfamiliar and strange place, Meng Qi was afraid to ask any questions. So, he contained his astonishment and confusion and merely followed the monk, walking as fast as he could.

It was not until now did Meng Qi notice that both his arms and legs were short. He carefully examined his body and thought, “What a special experience of rejuvenation…” He really didn’t know if he should be happy or sad about it.

From the size of his palm, the whiteness of his skin, and the jade pendant that he was wearing around his waist, he estimated that his new body was younger than 14. He also knew it was a body that had long lived in affluence.

“I wonder how I look… Only the good-looking ones can enjoy life…”

“Enjoy life? Nah… In Shaolin Temple, I would be forced to devote myself to Buddhism and stay away from secular wants and desires!”

“Well, was it possible for me to refuse to join Shaolin? For of course, this weak body would not be able to live long if I decided to leave Shaolin. This was a world with Kungfu, and I don’t know if there were also ghosts and monsters wandering around… Sigh! Not to mention that in many ancient records, many people from rich and large families liked to keep catamites…”

“According to that horse-faced man, even if this Shaolin was different from the Shaolin that I know, it was still one of the largest sects of martial arts and had 72 kinds of ultimate arts. I wonder if this Shaolin also had Sinew-changing Scripture]…”

“In the past, I used to imagine myself as a Kungfu master who went on exciting adventures in Jianghu. Now that dream might actually come true, why don’t I feel happy about it? Maybe it’s because I don’t have my computer, my phone, the internet, or… my family…”

“But maybe it’s nice to learn some Kungfu. Umm, but what is a golden-bodied Luohan?”

…

Although Meng Qi seemed to be very calm as he followed the monk and as he walked past the numerous other grey-robed monks and yellow-robed monks, nobody knew that inside his brain it was actually a complete mess and he couldn’t stop wondering about all sorts of different things.

Nevertheless, regardless of how much he had pondered, Meng Qi eventually had to accept reality. With his current body and age, and without a home that he could go back to, he had to stay at Shaolin Temple and study Kungfu obediently.

“I wonder if I could still resume the secular life after I have learned Shaolin Kungfu? I can live without alcohol, but I definitely can’t live without meat!”

Meng Qi noticed that he might be thinking too ahead of himself.

On the way, the monk that led Meng Qi didn’t go through the great hall that enshrined the figure of Buddha. Instead, he circumvented through the sides. After they had walked past several courtyards, for the first time, the monk opened a door of the great hall.

His eyes followed the movement of the door, and Meng Qi saw a few dozen children who all appeared to be under the age of 15. The youngest among them was probably only eight or nine years old. All of them sat cross-legged on thin cushions and focused their eyes on a wide-faced monk sitting in the top seat. The monk looked very serious, had really big ears, wore a similar yellow robe to the monk that led him here, and held a discipline ruler in his hands.

“Namo Amitābha. Brother Xuan Zang, what is the matter?” the wide-faced monk said in a very deep voice.

Eek, with this voice, he could sing the bel canto. The more nervous Meng Qi was, the more unrelated thoughts crossed his mind. From what the wide-faced monk said, he now knew that the “bamboo-like” monk who led him here had a Dharma name “Xuan Zang”.

Xuan Zang chanted the name of Buddha and then said, “Brother Xuan Ku, this is the child that I have mentioned before.”

He was frank and open and didn’t sound like he wanted to hide anything. However, his voice was dry and unpleasant to hear, and it was completely different from that of Xuan Ku’s.

Xuan Ku gave Meng Qi a glance. There was no smile on his face, and then he responded, “We will do it in sequence.”

Meng Qi looked at him with confusion. Xuan Zang, who was standing beside Meng Qi, pointed at a spare cushion and told him, “Wait for the inquiry.”

“Ok.” Now Meng Qi understood what was happening. As someone who had entered the workforce years ago, he was used to interviews. So he agilely copied the posture of the other children and sat cross-legged on the cushion.

Xuan Ku didn’t give Meng Qi another look and started to ask one of the children, with the discipline ruler in his hand, “What is your secular name? Why do you want to join Shaolin?”

The child was about ten years old. He was good-looking but also looked kind of dumb. He answered, “My name is Fang Aqi. I didn’t have anything to eat, so I was sold to a monk.”

Several other children started laughing. They were mainly older, and they laughed because Fang Aqi’s response was as offensive as name-calling monks bald donkeys! Maybe there were some issues with his brain.

Xuan Ku frowned, and said somewhat unhappily, “From now on, stop using your secular name. Your Buddhist name will be ‘Zhen Hui[7]’, and you will be a member of the Chores Yard.”

Meng Qi heard some gasps among the older children. Their reaction told Meng Qi that the Chores Yard must be a really bad department to join.

“Fang Aqi is Zhen Hui, Zhen Hui is Fang Aqi…” Fang Aqi, whose name was now “Zhen Hui”, kept reciting.

Xuan Ku moved his eyes and looked at one of the older children. “What is your secular name? Why do you want to join Shaolin?”

This child seemed to be around 13 or 14 years old. He looked a little bit nervous but still answered fluently, “Yes, Great Master. My name is Liu Mingzhi. My family is fond of the teachings of Buddhism and adored Shaolin Kungfu. For this reason, I am sent to Shaolin.”

These were all children that passed the initial examinations, and they all had potential.

Xuan Ku nodded slightly. “You have passable honesty. If you said that you were only interested in Buddhist teachings, I would have sent you to the Chores Yard as well. From now on your Dharma name will be “Zhen De”, and you will become a member of the Warrior-monk Yard.”

“Thank you, Uncle Xuan Ku,” Zhen De replied while put his palms together devoutly.

According to his knowledge on receiving a Buddhist name, following the order of “Empty in Heart, Wisdom in Mind”, he could start calling Xuan Ku “Uncle” before he had even been assigned to an official master.

Xuan Ku nodded at his cunningness and ignored him while beginning to inquire the other children.

Zhan De felt the tension building up in his heart. It seemed like Uncle Xuan Ku was exactly like what the rumor has said. He was a just and righteous person who disliked flattery.

On the other hand, Meng Qi was watching the inquiries in a relaxed mood and thought that they were kind of fun. Suddenly, however, he froze.

“What was my name?”

“What was this body’s name?”

Meng Qi anxiously tried to dig into his memory, but he just couldn’t recall the name of the body. He had inherited absolutely no memory from the original owner!

“I can’t just say Meng Qi. Xuan Zang is still watching, and he knows me.”

“I have to think of a way to get through this!”

Standing in front of Xuan Ku, who seemed extremely strict and serious, Meng Qi was afraid of saying anything unnecessary. He was too afraid to ask questions or to pretend that he had lost his memory, so he had to quietly think about another way that would not expose his actual identity as a time-traveler.

“What’s your secular name? Why do you want to join Shaolin?” Before Meng Qi could think of something feasible, Xuan Ku was already standing in front of him with his discipline ruler.

Meng Qi opened his mouth and suddenly had an idea. He spoke without hesitation, “Since I am joining Shaolin, I have already forgotten my secular name.”

Xuan Ku observed Meng Qi carefully, slightly shaking his discipline ruler. He didn’t ask for an answer to the latter question, but instead said in a strict tone,

“Too much trickery. Chores Yard. Dharma name ‘Zhen Ding’.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2: Buddhism
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

Meng Qi’s secret happiness turned into embarrassment. Zhen De and the other acolytes looked at him with astonishment and contempt, which reminded him of typical elementary school students who always wanted to draw a line between themselves and bad kids. The only exception was Zhen Hui “Fang Aqi”, who stared at the golden figure of Buddha in front of him, and it was obvious that his mind was elsewhere.

Subconsciously, Meng Qi turned his head to Xuan Zang who was standing next to him. “Did he feel anything weird?”

For Meng Qi, being embarrassed in front of everyone wasn’t a big deal, but if he exposed his true identity, which was a “zombie”, it would be a big, big deal.

Xuan Zang still had the dispirited face that he has always had. Seeing that Meng Qi was staring at him, he slightly shook his head. “Namo Amitābha. What have been decided by Brother Xuan Ku is already decided,” he didn’t imply but said it aloud.

“Ugh, so he thought I was begging for help…” Meng Qi was relieved because he knew Xuan Zang didn’t discover anything that he wasn’t supposed to discover. Therefore, unless the parents of the body or the horse-faced man showed up again, he might be able to keep his secret forever. Then after a few years nobody would suspect him ever again, since it wouldn’t be strange for anyone to forget childhood memories.

“Compared to this, being banished into the Chores Yard was just a minor issue!”

Meng Qi tried to look as absent-minded as Zhen Hui so that Xuan Zang wouldn’t notice that he wasn’t really disappointed or sad.

After the wide-faced Xuan Ku finished inquiring all the children, the result was that including Meng Qi and Zhen Hui, six children were being sent to the Chores Yard. All the other children became members of the Warrior-monk Yard.

Gently tapping his left palm with the discipline ruler, Xuan Ku said, “Follow me to the Sundries Yard for tonsure, and to pick up your robes and Buddhist textbooks. From now on, if you continue to work extremely hard, you still have the chance to join the Bodhi or Dharma Yard to learn advanced sutras and Kungfu.”

“So there’s Dharma here too?” Meng Qi was stupefied for a second, but Xuan Ku didn’t give him any time to think and walked passed all the children, towards the outside.

Being surrounded by strangers, Meng Qi didn’t dare to ask too many questions. He followed the two yellow-robed monks, Xuan Ku and Xuan Zang, and walked into a nearby yard.

“You are not officially joining Shaolin yet, so you only have to pray to Buddha. Have your tonsure done and leave your names,” Xuan Ku told them as he pointed to the hassock inside the prayer room.

“Yes, Uncle Xuan Ku,” the children followed Zhen De’s example and answered. They kneeled on the hassock one by one and kowtowed to the golden Buddha above them.

After all the children finished their prayers, Xuan Ku put his palms together devoutly and saluted solemnly to the Buddha figure. Chanting “Namo Amitābha”, he walked towards one of the children and put his right hand gently on the child’s head.

Immediately, the child’s long, black hair turned yellow, withered, and fell to the ground like autumn leaves. Less than the time it took to take two breaths; the child became a real acolyte.

“Wish your worries fade completely and secularity stays away from you,” Xuan Ku said solemnly, and his deep voice echoed in the peaceful and quiet prayer room.

“What kind of Kungfu is this? Unbelievable!” Meng Qi was stunned and excited.“Will I have the chance to learn this sort of Kungfu too?”

Xuan Ku tonsured all the children and repeated the same words again and again.

When it was Meng Qi’s turn, he lowered his head and silently chanted the names of Buddha and Lao Tzu, while grieving over the hair that will soon leave him forever.

Xuan Ku’s thick and large hands softly touched Meng Qi’s head, and his hair fell one by one right in front of him. This broke his heart because he had always loved secularity and never even thought of the idea of becoming a monk.

“Wish your worries fade completely and secularity stays away from you,”

Xuan Ku’s voice, which was like a sudden chime of the temple bell, made Meng Qi quiver. The second after, he felt that his soul was clean and clear.

However, when Xuan Ku left, the “clean” and “clear” feeling that Meng Qi felt faded away as well.

With that Meng Qi’s firm belief came back to him, “I’m going back to secularity at some point in the future!”

After praying to Buddha, tonsuring, and recording their names, the children followed a few gray-robed monks to the backyard and picked up their belongings- two sets of gray robes, two pairs of shoes and socks, and two textbooks, Shaolin Disciplines, and 12 Chants of Dawn.

“When you finish learning, reading, and writing in the Sutras Yard, you will be able to recite the disciplines and chants. Before that, I will tell you the basic disciplines. First, you must not deceive or disrespect your teachers and predecessors. Second, if you don’t have the permission to learn Kungfu, you must not try to learn them sneakily. Third, you must not kill any living beings. Fourth, you must abstain from alcohol. Fifth, you must abstain from meat. Sixth, you must abstain from lust…” Xuan Ku repeated the major disciplines that needed to be followed, and in the end he said in a very serious tone, “For anyone that breaks these rules, a light punishment will be scolding, while the most severe punishment could be the deprivation of you learning kungfu and expulsion from Shaolin.”

He only mentioned two of the possible punishments, which were respectively the lightest and the most severe. Other punishment could include hard labor, hand-writing the entire sutra, being hit by clubs, and standing facing the wall without moving for hours while reflecting on your mistakes.

After explaining these disciplines, Xuan Ku and Xuan Zang led the acolytes and left the Sundries Yard.

“In Shaolin Temple, monks who wear gray robes are ordinary monks, those who wear yellow robes are the manager monks of different yards, and those who wear yellow robes and red cassocks are the His Abbotship, the head of the yards, and the elders…” On their way, Xuan Ku didn’t take a break and continued to educate the acolytes about the “common sense” in the temple. He only stopped talking and went silent when Zhen De and his fellow yard-mates entered the Warrior-monk Yard.

As they walked, Meng Qi noticed that they obviously were walking further and further away from the center of the temple. Green trees surrounded the yellow-painted walls, and he could seldom see a prayer room. After a long time, Meng Qi finally saw an extremely mottled and timeworn yard.

“Oh my, Brother Xuan Ku, Brother Xuan Zang, you came so early!” A fat monk standing in front of the gate walked towards them with a large smile on his face. He also wore a yellow robe, but his collar was open and untidy, and his big fat belly stood out and grabbed a lot of attention.

Xuan Ku frowned, and put his palms together solemnly. “Namo Amitābha. Brother Xuan Xin, how could you be so lazy?”

The fat monk Xuan Xin seemed to have become used to Xuan Ku’s temper since a long time ago. He wasn’t angry at all. “Ah, you are too obsessed with looks. Are these the students for our Chores Yard?” He didn’t want to argue with Xuan Ku about his looks, so he pointed at Meng Qi and the other children and asked.

“Please arrange them as you like, Brother Xuan Xin,” Xuan Ku answered seriously.

At this moment, the silent Xuan Zang suddenly opened his mouth, “Are Zhen Ying and Zhen Guan still in the Chores Yard?”

“They are, they are!” the fat monk said confusedly. “Brother Xuan Zang, why are you asking about them? You aren’t planning to accept them as your students, are you?”

Xuan Zang shook his head and sighed. “The kungfu build-up in my body is already broken. How can I accept new students? I don’t want to mislead anyone. Brother Xuan Xin, could you please lead these two to the same room with Zhen Ying and Zhen Guan?”

He was pointing directly at Meng Qi and Zhen Hui.

Meng Qi’s heart beated fiercely. This was the first time Xuan Zang stepped in and made a decision for him. Was it because Zhen Ying and Zhen Guan had something special about them, and could they possibly help him out?

“Haha, you don’t have to be so polite to me for me do you a favor, Brother Xuan Zang. This is a piece of cake!” Xuan Xin agreed without hesitation.

Xuan Ku gave Xuan Zang a glance, but didn’t say anything about it. Rather, he said seriously to Meng Qi, Zhen Hui, and the other acolytes, “The reason I assigned you to the Chores Yard was that each of you have your own problems. If you can solve them by yourselves, and cultivate your temperament through the process, then you may have the chance to join the Warrior-monk Yard, the Dharma Yard, or even the Bodhi Yard.”

“However, if you continue to rely on trickery and if you continue to be lazy and unwilling to strive, or if you cannot calm down your temperament and are not willing to endure hardship, then I am not going to hide it for you. I will notify the Commandment Yard to give you your deserved punishments.”

He didn’t hide his thoughts at all and said them aloud to show that he was completely candid and honest. This made Xuan Xin, who was standing on the side, a little bit embarrassed.

“Yes, Uncle Xuan Ku,” the acolytes all answered together.

After watching Xuan Ku and Xuan Zang leave, Xuan Xin stretched his body and his fat shook up and down with his movement. “Finally they are gone! It’s always the scariest thing to see that iron-faced devil.”

“This guy…” Meng Qi pretended to look steadily forward, and followed the waggling Xuan Xin into the meditation room.

“Zhen Ying, Zhen Guan, these are your fellow junior apprentices Zhen Ding and Zhen Hui.” Xuan Xin pointed at Meng Qi and Zhen Hui and then left the room with the other acolytes.

Inside the meditation room, there was a large bed that could fit around seven to eight people, and it was also the only thing in the room.

On the bed, there were two gray-robe monks, one sitting and one lying down. They were both around the age of 20. The monk that was lying on the bed had a dull expression and stared blankly into space without saying anything. While the monk that was sitting on the bed said icily with a deep frown on his face, “You can put your luggage under the bed. If you want water, go to the water tank in the yard and get it yourself.”

“Hi, may I have your name please?” Glancing at the dull Zhen Hui, Meng Qi decided that he should rely on himself to establish a good relationship with his roommates.

The person answered coldly, “Zhen Guan.”

After giving the short answer, he didn’t speak again. Nor did he give Meng Qi and Zhen Hui another look. Meng Qi felt frustrated that the numerous topics he had thought about, which were to help him establish a closer relationship with his roommates, were now useless.

On the other hand, Zhen Ying closed his eyes and continued to sleep.

“What kind of people are these!” Meng Qi complained silently, but he put on a fake smile and said to Zhen Hui, “Brother Zhen Hui, I am Zhen Ding. From now on you can call me big brother.”

“Ok, big brother.” Zhen Hui didn’t find it difficult to say at all.

“This dull little guy is the best!” Meng Qi thought, feeling much better now. He decided to behave like a big brother and help Zhen Hui. “Little brother, yes I will just call you little brother. Come on, let’s put on our monk clothes first.”

Even though there were other people in the room, Meng Qi didn’t feel uncomfortable because when he was in the university dorm, he always wore nothing other than his underwear to enjoy the coolness. He quickly removed his clothes and put on his monk garments.

On one hand, he thankfully appreciated the ease it took to put on the garments, which helped him to avoid seeming ridiculous. On the other hand, he started to check the clothes that he originally had been wearing.

The clothes were of delicate workmanship and had soft textures. Even though Meng Qi didn’t know much about clothes, he knew that these clothes must be worth a lot. In addition to the expensive clothes, he also had a jade pendant on his waist, and a small jade Buddha pendant on his neck that clung to his chest. The jade was cool and made him feel very comfortable.

Meng Qi carefully observed the thumb-sized jade Buddha. It had a face that was full of mercy and benevolence, and looked like as if it was a real person. Apparently, it was also of extraordinary workmanship. Furthermore, its surface was fine and smooth and it made Meng Qi’s hand felt gentle and cool.

“According to the horse-faced man, this pendant was given by a no-name old monk to me as a gift. Since the duke or whoever that was didn’t take it away from me, it might not be just an ordinary pendant. I’d better carry it with me wherever I go.”Putting the jade Buddha back around his neck, Meng Qi hid it inside his clothes. Then he packed up his original clothes and the pendant he had on his waist, and put it under the part of the large bed that he had chosen to sleep on.

Suddenly, the seemingly asleep Zhen Ying abruptly sat up, quickly put on his shoes, and ran out the door. Meng Qi was a little shocked by his actions and didn’t know what had happened.

“It’s dinner time,” Zhen Guan said coldly and walked out as well.

“What kind of people are these!” Meng Qi complained again. He turned to Zhen Hui and said, “Little brother, are you ready? It’s dinner time!”

“Yes, I’m ready!” The second Zhen Hui dropped those words, he ran to the door like a rabbit. It seemed like he couldn’t endure his hunger anymore.

“…” Meng Qi was speechless. Maybe he was the only normal person here.

Zhen Hui stopped by the door, turned around and asked Meng Qi with a face full of confusion, “Big brother, aren’t you coming?”

“At least you have some sort of conscience and know that you should wait for me!”Meng Qi thought to himself. He answered somewhat jokingly, “Well, I am not as hungry as you guys are.”

“Look at you. All of you are like reincarnation of devils that had starved to death in your previous lives!”

Zhen Hui was no longer confused and nodded earnestly, “Ok, big brother. I will go first then.”

He whipped around and rushed towards the cafeteria.

“Hey! I was just joking! You didn’t need to take it seriously…” Meng Qi was shocked with his mouth hanging half-open.

It took him a few seconds to react and after which, he shouted, “Hey! Little brother! Wait for me!”

Suddenly, a burst of sadness overwhelmed him. “In other time-travel stories, people always had little sisters. Why do I only have a little brother? And it’s also foreseeable that in the future I won’t have any little sisters either…”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3: Looking Up at The Moon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

The cafeteria in the Chores Yard was simple and time-worn. Wooden tables were paired with long benches, and the bluish-white lamps lit up everyone’s face.

Until he walked into the cafeteria, Meng Qi didn’t know that there were as many as fifty to sixty monks in the Chores Yard. In that respect, altogether there might be more than a thousand monks in Shaolin.

Since everyone wore gray robes, nobody noticed Meng Qi and the other new acolytes. They all sat on benches and waited for the monks that were on duty to carry their food over to them.

“Little brother, sit here.” As someone who had a big secret, Meng Qi cherished Zhen Hui’s companion in this unfamiliar world. Therefore, thinking from an adult’s perspective, he wanted to take care of Zhen Hui, which also helped him to alleviate his fear for all the unfamiliar things around him.

Zhen Hui had a sincere expression and wasn’t shy at all. He naturally sat in front of Meng Qi and stared at the food on the nearby tables.

“Did extreme hunger make this kid stupid?” Meng Qi mumbled to himself. He suspected that there were some problems with Zhen Hui’s IQ, because Zhen Hui wouldn’t be as dull as he was now otherwise.

The monks on duty finally came to their table with the food basket. When they opened the lid, the fragrance of the food overwhelmed Meng Qi.

“This smells awesome!” Meng Qi couldn’t help it but complimented the food. He thought doubtfully, “are the chefs at Shaolin too professional? Or is it because I’m just too hungry?”

The monks on duty took out the dishes one by one from the food basket, and placed them on the table. The second that Meng Qi recognized what were in the dishes, he was astounded. “Is…is this meat???”

In the large bowl that was in the center of the table, there was a fat and oily piece of food that looked just like meat.

But we are in a Buddhist temple!

Meng Qi couldn’t believe what he saw and decided to try the thing out. However, as he picked up his chopsticks, in less than a second chopsticks were coming from all directions. When Meng Qi realized what has happened, the top layer of the huge meat-like object has already disappeared. It seemed like the Char monks at the table were all highly-skilled at scrambling for food.

Looking at Zhen Hui’s mouth, which was filled with oil, Meng Qi confirmed his guess. While still sighing about the fierce competition at the table, he picked up a piece and ate it.

Fat yet not greasy, the piece melted immediately after he put it into his mouth. With such an amazing taste, it must be among the most delicious things in the world!

“But it is definitely f*cking meat!”

Meng Qi felt that only curses could accurately represent his feelings. First, it was to cheer for his tongue and stomach. Second, it was to express how unbelievable reality was.

“Hey, little brother,” Meng Qi whispered to Zhen Hui.

Zhen Hui’s chopsticks were moving as fast as if they had wings. He didn’t stop eating and had an extremely focused expression on his pretty little face. “Huh?”

“This is meat!” Meng Qi felt he had an obligation to remind his little brother not to fall into the trap and break the rules.

Zhen Hui nodded sincerely and said unclearly with food in his mouth, “Yes, it’s meat.”

“It wasn’t a question…” Meng Qi realized that there were communication barriers between him and Zhen Hui.

At this moment, someone sitting beside them said coldly, “Before enlightenment, we only abstain from acrid food.”

“Doesn’t that include meat? I thought all monks shouldn’t eat meat!” Meng Qi subconsciously rebutted, after which he noticed that the person was his roommate, Zhen Guan.

Zhen Guan continued eating and said sarcastically, “You seem to be from an aristocrat family. I didn’t expect you not even to understand what ‘acrid’ means.”

This was like the Achilles’s heel for Meng Qi and at the moment he didn’t know how to respond. Suddenly, a young, clean-cut monk sitting at the opposite side of the table smiled and started to explain, “Acrid food refers only to food that has a strong flavor, for example, those that contain garlic and green onions. However, in the last hundred years, people commonly see Shaolin as a place abstained from eating meat. It is normal for you not to know about the actual situation.”

Meng Qi gratefully nodded to him. The young char monk continued, “Originally, Shaolin only banned the killing of living beings and acrid food. Later on, because of kindness and mercy we gradually abstained from meat as well. However, Shaolin is one of the greatest sects of Kungfu in the world, and Shaolin disciples need to exercise and build up their bodies constantly. Without the help of supplements such as magical herbs and medicines and if we stop eating meat, there would be no ways to cure the damage in our bodies. For this reason, Shaolin Disciplines has said that, before enlightenment, disciples will follow the original Buddhist sayings and only need to abstain from acrid food. However, we must remember that we still cannot kill any living beings.”

“So this means that it would be okay if we ask some ordinary people or a farmer down the hill to kill animals for us?” Meng Qi roughly understood how it worked. As a Buddhist sect that excelled in martial arts, Shaolin must care for the body conditions of disciples that had just joined the sect. Therefore, they decided to go with the original sayings of Buddha and allow for the exception.

Meng Qi had a favorable impression towards this young char monk due to the monk’s logical and knowledgeable explanation. He smiled and asked politely, “May I ask for your Dharma name, please?”

“Zhen Yan,” the young monk said, while continuously eating.

Meng Qi continued to ask, “My name is Zhen Ding. May I ask what ‘enlightenment’ means?”

Meng Qi tried to appeal that he, or the body that he was using now, was at a very young age. Therefore it would still be reasonable for him to ask these questions, since as a kid he might not have learned a lot of things from his parents yet.

Zhen Yan laughed and pointed at the wooden table with his left hand. “You will understand eventually. Now, take care of your stomach first.”

Meng Qi looked to the direction that he was pointing at. Half of the food was already gone!

“WTF! Why didn’t these a*sholes wait for me!”

Meng Qi cursed silently and joined the food-scrambling crew.

…

Finally full, Meng Qi wiped his mouth and walked back to the meditation room with Zhen Hui.

“Sigh, honestly, I would say the food here is below-average. The reason I thought they were really good at the beginning was only because I was way too hungry.” Meng Qi burped as he stroked his belly, and started to evaluate the quality of his dinner.

Zhen Hui thought carefully and said, “It was better than anything that I have eaten in the past. But if big brother you think that it’s not good, then it must be not good.”

“What? You trust me that much?” Meng Qi asked curiously.

Zhen Hui raised his hand, felt his bald head, and answered somewhat embarrassedly, “I think you are a good person. You don’t hate me like everyone else does. So I trust you.”

An Investigation on the Relationship between Childhood Experiences and Mental Disorders… For some reason, this title popped into Meng Qi’s mind.

He was just about to swagger and settle his image as a trustworthy and respectable big brother when Xuan Xin walked towards them with his big, fat belly. “Hey, you two, go clean up the yard. Later I will tell you some Jianghu stories and expand your horizons.”

“Jianghu stories?” Meng Qi’s curiosity was triggered. After asking where the brooms were kept, he called on Zhen Hui to go to the Char room with him. The room was in the corner of the yard.

A char monk had to be prepared for random requests that could come at any time. Meng Qi didn’t feel irritated about this kind of requests, as long as they were not unreasonable or against him personally. When he was still in school and later at work, it wasn’t uncommon for his homeroom teachers and senior managers to assign him to do cleanings or other trivial duties.

Sweep, sweep, sweep. As the brooms brushed across the stone floor, they raised the dust and removed the fallen leaves.

As children whose bodies had not yet fully grown, Meng Qi and Zhen Hui found it difficult to control the brooms smoothly. Nevertheless, because the yard was frequently being cleaned up, it didn’t require a lot of work and Meng Qi and Zhen Hui were still able to manage it.

While they were sweeping, Meng Qi suddenly had a weird yet interesting idea. He laughed and mimicked the voice of an old man, “Little brother, don’t you think we are like the Shaolin Sweeping Monk [1]?”

“True, we are sweeping.” Zhen Hui didn’t even raise his head and continued sweeping.

Meng Qi’s smile stuck at the corners of his mouth. He sighed and thought, “so boring that he doesn’t understand the meme!”

After stabilizing his mood, Meng Qi cooperated with Zhen Hui and finished cleaning up the yard before the sun went down. As they finished, they saw a group of gray-robe monks carrying benches into the yard. Although the monks came in a clutter, they arranged their benches and sat orderly.

” Well this is efficient…” Meng Qi suspected that maybe Xuan Xin frequently held this kind of lecture.

The sky was completely dark when Xuan Xin slowly walked out from his room. As soon as he appeared, several Char monks greeted him immediately and either settled his bench for him or put the lights on for him, demonstrating perfect enthusiasm.

“Big brother, what are Jianghu stories?” The dull Zhen Hui said seemingly interested in the topic.

“Well, um, it would take a long time to explain, so I’ll explain it to you after we listen to Uncle Xuan Xin.” Meng Qi didn’t want to waste time on teaching Zhen Hui about the “difficult” term. He sat on the bench quietly and waited for Xuan Xin to begin.

Xuan Xin looked around and was satisfied with the curious faces in front of him. He coughed and began. “Today, I will continue to share my experiences in the furious battle in Jiang Zhou City.”

“You know, the ‘Flying Yaksha’ Yan Wuwo and ‘Ice Fairy’ Ye Yuqi are both renowned names on the local rank board. That battle, as I could recall, was disastrous. At least 100 square miles of ground that surrounded us was soaked with blood, and the entire river was frozen into ice…But as merciful as I was, how could I bear seeing people suffer? So there I was, chanting the name of Buddha, trying to resolve that personal resentment between the two…”

He was extremely immersed in telling the story, yet only half of the Char monks who were listening seemed interested. The other half only showed disdain and contempt.

“Uncle Xuan Xin is so cool!” Zhen Hui apparently became more active while listening to the Jianghu stories, which he had a similar interest in as he had towards food.

The sleepy monk Zhen Ying, who was sitting one row before them, didn’t turn back while he said in a voice as inaudible as a mosquito humming, “the ‘Flying Yaksha’ Yan Wuwo is the master of ‘Zombie Fist’, which is from a region east of the Yangtze River. The ‘Ice Fairy’ Ye Yuqi is the sister-in-law of Mr. Lu from Huamei Heights. They are both in the top 30 local ranking, which means that they would be similarly strong compared to the heads of the Dharma Yard and Bodhi Yard.”

“The heads of the Dharma and Bodhi Yards… the duty manager of the Chores Yard…” Meng Qi instantly understood that Xuan Xin was just exaggerating. His exaggerations were somewhat realistic though, because he cunningly positioned himself into significant events that had actually taken place in Jianghu.

“So it turned out that compared to the cold Zhen Guan, the sleepy Zhen Ying was more knowledgeable?”

Zhen Hui continued to compliment retardedly, “I didn’t know that Uncle Xuan Xin is so cool!”

He couldn’t understand a single bit of what Zhen Ying was trying to convey.

Meng Qi pulled gently at Zhen Hui’s sleeves and said in a low voice, “The heads are way stronger than Uncle Xuan Xin.”

“But…” Zhen Hui wanted to ask, if Uncle Xuan Xin was not strong, then why would he be able to end the furious battle? However, Meng Qi stopped him and told him to ask after they returned to their rooms, since if Xuan Xin heard their conversation, he might become angry and punish them.

Xuan Xin was too excited and enthusiastic about bragging that he uncontrollably spat around while he talked. After a long, long time, he finally finished the whole “world savior” story. He looked at Meng Qi, Zhen Hui, and the other new acolytes. “Do you have any questions? There is nothing about Jianghu that I don’t know about.”

Meng Qi hurriedly said, “Uncle Xuan Xin, we know too little about Jianghu and couldn’t understand a lot of things that you have talked about.”

“Hmm, right. If you couldn’t understand, you wouldn’t be able to feel how influential and powerful I was.” Xuan Xin nodded and cleared his throat, “Let me introduce the basics that you must know about Jianghu. I will begin with the four largest temples of Buddhism.”

“Thank you, Uncle Xuan Xin,” Meng Qi said happily.

Xuan Xin jauntily began, “Even though there are uncountable Kungfu sects in the world, if you want to know which are the strongest it must be among the lineages of the Four Buddhist Temples, the Three Taoist Sects, the Six Sword Sects, the Six Powerful Societies, the Nine Evil Paths, the 14 Aristocratic Families, and…and the Six Heretic Masters.”

He didn’t seem sure when he mentioned the Six Heretic Masters, but this didn’t hinder him from continuing. “The Four Buddhist Temples include Shaolin, Shui Yue, Jin Gang, and… Lan Ke.”

He paused again when it came to Lan Ke, and didn’t seem so sure about it. He then angrily shouted, “In fact, I don’t understand at all why Lan Ke is among the Four Buddhist Temples. Nobody knows about them, and I heard that their disciples seldom do anything in Jianghu. They don’t have any famous stories, nor have they made any significant contributions!”

It was the first time that the other Char monks heard something like this. They all asked curiously, “If this is true, then why is Lan Ke among the Four Buddhist Temples?”

Xuan Xin became proud again. He flaunted, “I heard that when His Abbotship was young, he met a successor of Lan Ke Temple in Jianghu. Later, he gave only a single comment on Lan Ke, and it was ‘if it is destined, then the world would be small after all; if it is not destined, then even the shortest distance could be like the distance between two poles.'”

“How rhetoric and mysterious!”

Including Meng Qi, every gray-robe monk was amazed. They all felt confused, curious, and somewhat fearful of Lan Ke.

Seeing that his words had shocked everyone, Xuan Xin laughed with satisfaction. “Back to the topic. Let’s first talk about our Shaolin Temple.”

“Tens of thousands of years ago, there was a chaotic fight between demons and deities until Buddha arrived and repressed them. However, as a consequence, The Buddha’s Palm became lost and nobody could find it. It wasn’t until two thousand years ago that Dharma, the originator of Shaolin, coming from the desolated south and crossing the Yangtze River using only a reed, found the third move in The Buddha’s Palm. Finding it by coincidence, he brought the supreme Buddhist lineage back to the world.”

“Even though there wasn’t a syllabus or guideline, the originator Dharma was extremely talented. He meditated for ten years and developed Yi Jin Jing and many other Kungfu from his comprehension of The Buddha’s Palm. He used these Kungfu as the basis for establishing Shaolin Temple. Only a hundred years have passed, and Shaolin has already become one of the largest sects in the world. After the hard work and cooperation of many generations of divine monks and masters, we now have as many as 72 different ultimate Kungfu. Also, if we only look at the ones that are at the same level as Yi Jin Jing, we have added True Scripture from Grand Phantasia and Mo-Ke Exorcism Punch to our list of the most precious treasures of the temple. In regards to which divine masters have obtained or created these precious Kungfu, we will talk about it next time.”

Demons, deities, True Scripture from Grand Phantasia, and Mo-Ke Exorcism Punch… Meng Qi was completely blown away and started to daydream about them. Maybe the Kungfu in this world was not as simple as he had thought. There were even demons and deities! Of course, it still might just be a myth.

Suddenly, Xuan Xin deliberately coughed and grinned. “Since it is really late now, I will leave the rest of the story to tomorrow.”

He stood up quickly and disappeared into his room.

Hey, stop tantalizing people! Meng Qi has just prepared himself to listen to stories about the 72 ultimate Kungfu, Jin Gang Temple, and etcetera. Xuan Xin had left him with an overwhelming level of unfulfilled curiosity.

After cleaning up the yard, Meng Qi and Zhen Hui quietly went back to their meditation room. Zhen Guan and Zhen Ying were already in deep sleep; their breaths were long and relaxed.

The two didn’t speak, and silently lied onto their parts of the bed. They were still immersed in the Kungfu world that Xuan Xin had described.

“Little brother, are you willing to be a Char monk forever, and not have the chance to learn Shaolin Kungfu?” Meng Qi whispered, breaking the silence.

Zhen Hui was confused. “Big brother, what do you mean by ‘willing’?”

“I mean, are you happy and satisfied, and do not want anything more than what you have now.” Again, Meng Qi sensed the communication barrier between them.

Zhen Hui responded with an “Oh”. “Now, I can eat, sleep, work, and I can eat until I am full. I can listen to Uncle Xuan Xin’s stories. I am willing. It is much better than before.”

He then added, “If I can learn The Buddha’s Palm, it would be even better.”

Meng Qi nearly laughed out loud when he heard this. So was it “willing” or “unwilling”?

He paused for a moment, and when he opened his mouth again, he found that Zhen Hui’s breath had already become soft, and Zhen Hui was apparently asleep.

The meditation room returned to complete silence with only the sound of soft breathing, which made the night seem even darker.

The moon outside the window was bright and high in the sky. It sprinkled a layer of silver and white onto the floor beside the bed, just like the winter frost.

Meng Qi looked at the quiet and peaceful view. The various emotions that he had been restraining all suddenly became uncontrollable and filled up his heart. Sorrow, confusion, pity for himself… He also missed his family and his old world.

During the day, he didn’t have the time to think about a lot of things, which increased his suffering in such a silent night.

Meng Qi couldn’t sleep as he thought about his many “farewells”.

It wasn’t until now that he fully comprehended the emotions in Li Bai’s poem Quiet Night Thoughts.

“I descry bright moonlight in front of my bed.

I suspect it to be hoary frost on the floor.

I watch the bright moon, as I tilt back my head.

I yearn, while stooping, for my homeland more.”

Looking up at the moon, Meng Qi couldn’t think of anything else.

TL notes: Shaolin Sweeping Monk: Refers to the famous character in novelist Jin Yong’s Tian Long Ba Bu (English translation name: Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils). The Shaolin Sweeping Monk was a mysterious no-name old monk whose daily routine was to sweep the floor in Shaolin. However, he was also the strongest person in the novel and possessed the highest level of Kungfu.

Christina28 June, 2018

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4: Hundred-day Foundation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

A clear river flowed from the mountain forest towards the foot of the mountain after swirling around in front of Meng Qi.

Countless green trees nearby and the thin mist camouflaged his whereabouts. The air was extremely crisp, which made Meng Qi relaxed and refreshed inside out.

The sun had not yet risen when the morning bell rang and woke Meng Qi up. After learning the Sanskrit short chants in the morning class, Meng Qi and Zhen Hui were expedited by Xuan Xin to carry water from the mountain. They were not the only ones here, for near them there were also Zhen Ying, Zhen Guan, and other acolytes from the Chores Yard. There were warrior monks, as well, from the Warrior-monk Yard who wanted to exercise their strength by carrying water around.

Staring at the river, Meng Qi unintentionally saw his appearance in the reflection.

There was a boy about the age of 12 or 13, who was slightly older than Zhen Hui. His eyes were as black as ink, his brows were like the arcs of faraway mountains, and his face was clear-cut like a well-crafted sculpture.

Well, this is a nice-looking face! It shows that this body did grow up in affluence. “Meng Qi” praised “himself”, but the next second he started to moan. What does a good looking face mean for a monk? Nothing! I must go back to secularity some day!

He sank the entire wooden bucket into the water to see how much strength he had. At the same time, he warned Zhen Hui, who was standing beside him, “Little brother, a half-filled bucket is enough for you, you don’t have to push yourself too hard.”

“Ok.” Zhen Hui glared at the fishes that were swimming in the river and licked his lips.

Just as Meng Qi was about to lift the bucket, he realized that someone was staring at him. He turned around and traced the intangible stare that he had sensed. There stood a group of warrior monks that he felt somewhat familiar with. It was the acolytes that joined Shaolin with Meng Qi at the same time. Among them, Meng Qi could only recall a few names and Zhen De, who was the one staring, was one of the names that he remembered.

Zhen De, who had plucked eyebrows, showed a thin and long face. Realizing that Meng Qi was looking back at him, he slightly raised his head and seemed a little arrogant.

The other acolytes around Zhen De had bitter faces, but as soon as they saw Meng Qi, their sadness turned into happiness. When there was a “friend” that suffered more than they did, the difficult life in the Warrior-monk Yard didn’t seem difficult anymore.

Yeah, we joined the Warrior-monk Yard, but Zhen Ding and Zhen Hui could only be char monks. This is something we should be happy and proud of.

Zhen De opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something. However, after giving a glance to the discipline monks standing right beside him, he decided to keep his mouth shut. He then lifted two full buckets of water from the river.

Meng Qi curled his lips and decided that he should not degrade himself to the level of a kid. Eventually, he would become a member of the Warrior-monk Yard too, and he would also have the chance to learn Shaolin Kungfu!

So, he put away the irrelevant thoughts and used all the strength he had to lift the two buckets.

The buckets just left the water surface when he noticed with astonishment: how come they are so light? I am only using a little bit of strength.

“Do you think these are heavy?” He asked Zhen Hui confusedly.

Zhen Hui walked towards him obediently and attempted to lift the two buckets. However, blue veins bulged on his hands and his face became distorted. He then nodded. “Yes, they are heavy.”

So there wasn’t a problem with the water? Meng Qi was relieved. He thought quietly: Does this body inherently possess strong strength? Ugh, from the skin of the body, the clothes and accessories that it was wearing, and that “Duke” the horse-faced man has mentioned, this body must have come from an affluent and aristocratic family. Maybe it has already learned some Kungfu in the past and built a good foundation. Anyways, it possesses a much higher level of strength compared to ordinary children.

Whatever the reason was behind his abnormal strength, Meng Qi now had no more fear towards carrying water. He followed the team of the warrior monks with the two buckets of water on his shoulders.

In only a short time, the team started to separate into two, with the strong and experienced warrior monks walking a long distance ahead, and disappearing into the woods in only a few minutes.

Meng Qi didn’t want to draw anyone’s attention, so he sneakily waited for Zhen Hui and a few other char monks and walked at the end of the line. Due to Zhen De and the other new acolytes from the warrior-monk yard had just joined yesterday, they didn’t have any experience, and thus they walked unwillingly at the end as well.

Realizing Meng Qi and the other char monks’ stare, Zhen De and the other warrior-monk acolytes’ faces flushed red. They lowered their bodies and began to walk faster. Never would they want to be at the same level as the char monks.

Seeing that they had quickened their steps, Meng Qi was inspired and mimicked their speed. He immediately felt that the full water buckets became even lighter.

This speed is easy… Meng Qi tried to explore different techniques that could allow him to walk the fastest. He gradually sped up, and without noticing he had already ditched Zhen Hui far behind, and walked passed Zhen De.

“You know, if you don’t walk at a stable pace, later you will burn out!” Zhen De angrily grunted behind Meng Qi.

Meng Qi answered with a “Hey!”, and thought that tomorrow he must change to larger buckets or else it wouldn’t be effective training.

Nevertheless, the mountain roads were still difficult to walk, especially because they were also climbing up the hill. After some time, Meng Qi also began sweating all over and gasped for air.

“Remember to control your breathing,” A serious voice suddenly arose right beside him.

A discipline monk on patrol stood beside Meng Qi and demonstrated proper breathing. Meng Qi was both surprised and glad. Following the monk’s example, he soon adjusted his breath and successfully ran back to Shaolin Temple.

“Use larger buckets tomorrow,” the discipline monk told Meng Qi, and then went back for the other acolytes.

Meng Qi felt awkward. Although he thought about it too, he still worried that he might not have enough strength for that.

After a while, Zhen Hui, Zhen De, and the other acolytes arrived at the temple too, and there they saw the completely relaxed Meng Qi basking in the “morning sunlight”.

“This guy…only….has….some more….strength….” Zhen De muttered as he breathed heavily. Like the other warrior-monk acolytes, he thought he was being embarrassed in front of Zhen Ding and all the people who were inferior to him.

The warrior-monk acolytes hastily left without having a rest.

“Little brother, adjust your breath. Are you okay?” Meng Qi didn’t pay attention to them at all and asked Zhen Hui, who was also breathing heavily.

Zhen Hui nodded. “I’m…I’m great! Brea…breakfast!”

…

After breakfast, it was only dawn, and the sky was dyed red by the rising sun.

Although it was after heavy physical labor, Meng Qi didn’t feel any muscle soreness. Instead, he was even soberer and energetic than before.

This body is really nice… Meng Qi looked around the room at the extremely tired char monks, and was very happy and satisfied. No matter what, a good body will be a valuable asset for him in the future.

“Newbies, follow me to the Sutras Yard,” said Xuan Xin who, had a big smile on his face and a chicken drumstick in his hand, stood by the door of the cafeteria. Seeing that Meng Qi was looking at him, he slightly nodded and said, “Good Job. Don’t let those little bastards from the Warrior-monk Yard feel too good about themselves. I have some rewards for you after you come back tonight.”

“Rewards?” Meng Qi was delighted. Even though he kind of disliked Xuan Xin, he didn’t have any prejudice towards rewards.

Before Xuan Xin answered, Zhen Hui spoke dully, “Uncle Xuan Xin. You can’t eat meat after enlightenment. You broke the rules.”

Meng Qi felt as if lightning had struck him. He wanted to turn around and cover Zhen Hui’s mouth, but he was too slow.

As expected, the smile on Xuan Xin’s face froze.

He put on a fake smile and said, “Your uncle I never break the rules.”

After this, he never mentioned the rewards again, and walked out the cafeteria grumpily.

Not until now did mocking laughter start to arise in the room.

Zhen Hui was confused and looked to Meng Qi. “Big brother, what are they laughing at?”

“They are laughing at your stupidity…” Meng Qi answered in his head.

However, this was not the question that Zhen Hui was truly interested in. His attention shifted right away. “Big brother, why did Uncle Xuan Xin say that he didn’t break the rules? He was obviously eating a drumstick!”

“Because he had not reached the stage of enlightenment yet…” Meng Qi replied weakly, and decided that it was necessary to give Zhen Hui a lesson about life. That way, Zhen Hui would stop foolishly offending people again and again and won’t indirectly cause harm to him too.

“Oh! I see! Uncle Xuan Xin wasn’t enlightened yet.” Zhen Hui finally understood and was extremely happy, as if he had just known an extremely important secret.

Meng Qi discovered that Xuan Xin didn’t stop walking, so he didn’t spend his limited time on giving Zhen Hui EQ lessons. He asked Zhen Hui to come with him and chased after Xuan Xin.

On their way they passed large and small halls and yards, and the only thing Meng Qi heard was the chant of sutras, which purified his mind and soul.

“The drum at dusk and the bell at dawn, awakening those blinded by fame and gain; the sound of sutras and the name of Buddha, inspiring those suffering in astray and pain.” For some reason, Meng Qi thought of this couplet, which was the most appropriate description of what he was experiencing now.

“Eh, Nephew Zhen Ding, you have heard of this couplet, too? It was written on the gate of Shui Yue Nunnery,” Xuan Xin asked cheerfully.

What Xuan Xin said made Meng Qi’s flesh creep. However, he pretended to remain calm. “I have heard of it before from my father.”

Meng Qi had to use the duke, who Meng Qi didn’t even know, as an excuse.

Fortunately, Xuan Xin didn’t find it odd. He sighed pityingly. “I have once been to Shui Yue Nunnery and saw this couplet by the gate, and that’s the reason for my deep impression. Back then, the head of the nunnery was No.1 on the local ranking, however, she failed when she tried to break through the realm of Dharmakaya. She hoped that she could obtain the ‘Golden Body of the Merciful Guan Yin Bodhisattva’, yet what waited for her was failure and death.”

“Golden Body of the Merciful Guan Yin Bodhisattva?” Meng Qi, stunned, uncontrollably uttered. His heart was fired with enthusiasm.

Xuan Xin put away his pity and chuckled. “The establishment of Shui Yue Nunnery was based on The Heart Sutras of Guan Yin Bodhisattva. If successful, a Shui Yue disciple can attain the ‘Golden Body of the Merciful Guan Yin Bodhisattva’, which was one of the Great Bodhisattva and Luohan Golden Bodies. It is far superior to ordinary Bodhisattva and Arhat Golden Bodies, and is only inferior to the Buddha Golden Body, the Amitabha Dharmakaya, and the Bodhi Golden Body. However, only one person has ever reached success, and that was the first leader of Shui Yue Nunnery.”

“I see…” Meng Qi was extremely excited. His heart was pounding fiercely and his face was burning. He didn’t imagine that there would be Bodhisattva and Buddha Golden Bodies in this world. How fascinating!

By now, the group had entered the Sutras Yard. Xuan Xin restrained his smile, stopped talking, and solemnly led Meng Qi and the others into a side hall.

“Brother Xuan En, these are the new acolytes of the Chores Yard.” After chanting the name of Buddha, Xuan Xin pointed at Meng Qi and the others.

Far inside and high in the Chant Hall sat a skinny, old monk whose brows were white as snow. He also wore a yellow robe, and in front of him were books and a wooden knocker. He had a discipline ruler in his hand.

“Sit down please.” He pointed at the hassocks below him, which were mostly unoccupied. Every hassock had a small table in front of it.

Meng Qi, Zhen Hui, and the others were too afraid to talk. They each found a seat and kneeled on it. After about ten minutes, many other acolytes arrived one by one, and among them there were Zhen De and the other “friends” who joined Shaolin at the same time.

They looked at the char-yard acolytes with surprise. Apparently, they didn’t expect that char monks could study in the Sutras Yard, too.

Xuan En knocked on the wooden fish to imply that everyone should stop talking. Then he said in a voice that was neither loud nor soft, “In the coming three years, as long as you follow all the disciplines, you can come here daily to learn the readings at this time of day. In addition to normal Chinese characters, you will also need to learn Sanskrit for studying and researching ancient sutras.”

He paused for a moment and continued, “However today, before teaching you characters I will need to guide you onto the road of Kungfu.”

Meng Qi was infused with energy as he heard these words, and subconsciously sat up straighter. Do char monks also have the chance to be guided?

Zhen De and the other warrior-monk acolytes also had their eyes wide-open. If so, then what’s the difference between char monks and warrior monks?

“The first step of learning Kungfu is the same for any sect, and it is for smoothing the channel of Qi, and building a strong mind and body.” Xuan En didn’t respond to the confusion of the crowd and continued.

Meng Qi listened with maximum attention because he didn’t want to miss a single word.

“This step in Taoism is called the ‘Hundred-day Foundation”, which refers to establishing a base for practicing Kungfu. ‘Hundred-day’ means that, in a hundred days, vessels including the Conception and Governing Meridians will be opened up and be filled with Qi. As for us, we name it ‘self-cultivation in meditation’. This is because only when your heart is settled and not in disorder, could the genuine Qi be naturally activated, filling up acupuncture points, and opening up the channels of Qi. Secular people often refer to this practice as ‘open channels’.”

Xuan En roughly explained the key points of “self-cultivation in meditation (Hundred-day Foundation)”, “In the human body, there are 365 key acupuncture points, and after every unit of genuine Qi is cultivated, it has to be filled into the acupuncture points. Every key acupuncture point requires nine units of genuine Qi to be considered as adequate…”

“You can only cultivate one unit of genuine Qi every 15 minutes in the status of Ding. Therefore, based on the amount of time different people spend on their daily practice, it will take a hundred days to one year to finish this step.”

“When in Ding, you need to purify your six senses. You must not think of anything unrealistic, nor feel impatience about the process. After 15 minutes, there will naturally be genuine Qi generated. Half of it will climb through the Governing Vessel to the Baihui Acupoint on the top of your head, and then go down to your upper palate, forming a ‘golden liquid’. The other half will climb through the Conception and Governing Meridians and concentrate at your lower palate, forming a ‘jade fluid’.”

“When the ‘golden liquid’ and ‘jade fluid’ meet, they will combine and form a pure and sweet saliva. In Buddhism, this is called the ‘sweet dew’. After this, swallow the ‘sweet dew’ and fill it into the corresponding acupuncture point…”

Xuan En repeated the key steps several times and then said, “After you finish ‘self-cultivation in meditation’, you will have sufficient Energy, Qi, and Spirit. Your Qi channels will be opened up for the first time and your body will be sturdy. Only then can you enter the next step ‘Qi Storage in Meditation’, which we also refer to as ‘The Long Cultivation of The Holy’.”

As he finished his lecture, he commanded every acolyte to attempt entering the mental stage of Ding.

Since Ding wasn’t Dhyana and only required a peaceful mind, it wasn’t very difficult. Especially for children, who generally had fewer thoughts than adults, it was relatively easy.

However, Meng Qi was an adult inside, and had too many unnecessary thoughts. A long time had passed and he still wasn’t able to settle down his mind and enter Ding. This made him very anxious, but the more anxious he was, the more impossible it was for him to enter Ding.

When he was sweating all over his body due to extreme anxiety, he suddenly felt something cool on his chest, and immediately his mind was refreshed and relaxed.

It was that little jade Buddha? Meng Qi was elated. Yet he didn’t think much about it, restrained his mind, and successfully entered Ding.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5: The Little Jade Buddha
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

Under a stable and peaceful mental state, Meng Qi gradually felt that some genuine Qi was generating inside his body. It went through the Governing and Conceptual Vessel, concentrated at his palates, and formed into a “sweet dew”.

The “sweet dew” slowly soaked into the Conceptual Vessel, and following the guidance of Meng Qi’s mind, it filled into the proper acupuncture points.

If there was a problem with his body, the “Sweet Dew” wouldn’t taste sweet and the body would need to be improved through cultivating Qi. As for Meng Qi’s current situation, it meant that his body was at its optimal condition.

It seems like this body has already fulfilled the requirements of the “Hundred-day foundation?” Meng Qi, the acolyte who didn’t love Buddhism, opened his eyes and recalled the process. In regards to Uncle Xuan En’s description, he supposedly had already passed the first stage of learning Kungfu, and could continue onto the next stage, “Qi Storage in Meditation”.

However, Meng Qi thought it over again and changed his mind. The steps that had been completed in the past should stay in the past. If he wanted to go further on the path of Kungfu, he should fully experience every step by himself. No skipping should be tolerated, and only so could he constantly improve.

Seeing that 15 minutes had passed, Xuan En knocked on his wooden fish, and woke everyone with the clear and crisp sound. He then inquired each acolyte about their Ding and the quality of their “Sweet Dew”, and instructed each of them individually.

In the end, he nodded and said, “Try again after you go back today. Now, let’s begin to learn characters.”

Opening the sutras in front of him, Meng Qi discovered, as expected, that he already knew almost all the characters in it.

This made him very happy. At least he didn’t become illiterate and didn’t need to learn everything all over again. Currently, he had the power to “dominate” the Sutras Yard!

“Pick up your brush pens and practice writing this character,” Xuan En instructed.

Meng Qi’s happiness vanished immediately. The last time he used a brush pen to write was when he was still in elementary school. Expectedly, the character that he wrote down was extremely ugly.

“You need to practice more.” Xuan En walked pass Meng Qi with his hands behind his back.

Meng Qi nodded dispiritedly. Then he was suddenly startled by a thought. If Xuan Zang saw his writing, would he not suspect anything? Meng Qi’s body was very likely born in an aristocratic family, and had already accomplished the “Hundred-day Foundation”. It was impossible that he hadn’t started learning calligraphy since a very young age!

Meng Qi awkwardly opened his mouth, then realized that it would be useless explaining to Xuan En, and it would be lame to do so, too. Instead, he decided to use his time to practice handwriting efficiently. If Xuan Zang asked him about it, he could answer that because he had just joined the Chores Yard and wasn’t used to the physical labor, his hands and arms were sore every day and this prevented him from writing nicely.

When it was almost noon, Xuan En announced that all of them could leave. Meng Qi sneaked away with his piece of paper and planned to destroy the evidence.

After lunch, Meng Qi, Zhen Hui, and a few others were assigned to sweep the temple until dusk.

Having worked a whole day, they were again called together by Xuan Xin, who wanted to continue talking about his impressive Jianghu experience.

“…That’s all for Shui Yue Nunnery. If any of you meet these nuns someday, just keep a respectful distance from them. However, Jin Gang Temple is very different, and we do not like each other at all. You must remember to keep a watchful eye on them.”

Huh? Even though the char monks had heard of many Jianghu rumors and stories in the past, nobody knew that the animosity between Shaolin and Jin Gang, which were both among the Four Buddhist Temples, was so serious that they needed to be watchful!

Seeing their widened eyes, Xuan Xin nodded with satisfaction, “That Blood-blade Mendicant was just a Wild Fox Dhyana who didn’t follow the correct path of Buddhism. However, he fortunately discovered the fifth move of The Buddha’s Palm, and used it as a basis to develop two fundamental but strong Kungfu. That was how he established the Jin Gang Sect. For that reason, they have always wanted to steal the third move of The Buddha’s Palm from Shaolin so that they can compare the two moves and try to understand how to attain the Golden Body of Buddha.”

“The Golden body of Buddha…” Meng Qi became excited again. This was turning into an increasingly magical fantasy.

Abruptly, they heard someone knocking on the door of the yard. Xuan Xin was scared to death and looked to the door fearfully. He blurted out, “Brother Xuan Ku, I didn’t break the rules…”

However, his expression changed completely before he finished the sentence. “Hey nephew, why are you here?”

Meng Qi turned around and saw a familiar face. It was one of the children who joined Shaolin at the same time with Zhen Hui, Zhen De, and him, and was one of the two oldest children. He was around 15 years old, and when they studied in the Sutras Yard today, he chatted a lot with the char-yard acolytes, and didn’t discriminate against them at all.

I think his name is “Zhen Yong”? Meng Qi tried to recall.

Zhen Yong was thin and tall and ordinary looking, but he had a beautiful smile and white and gleaming teeth. He said, “Uncle Xuan Xin, I heard from some of my brothers that you are very experienced and know everything about Jianghu. I love to listen to those kinds of stories, so I couldn’t help myself but to come here and look for you. I apologize for the trouble and my impoliteness, but could you please allow me to listen, too?”

In the Warrior-monk Yard, it was time for self-practicing of Ding.

Xuan Xin started to feel good about himself again after hearing this compliment from Zhen Yong. He said with a large grin, “No problem, no problem at all. Just sit wherever you like. There’s nothing bad about learning more about Jianghu. In the future, these knowledges will protect you from fraud and deception.”

Zhen Yong looked around and sat down beside Meng Qi. He whispered, “Brother Zhen Ding, I hope I didn’t crowd you.”

“Not at all.” Meng Qi shook his head, and thought that similar to him, Zhen Yong talked like an adult and was far more mature than ordinary children.

“Brother Zhen Ding, in the morning I realized that you can read and write really well. I will probably need your help in the future, so let me thank you ahead of time. If you need me for anything, just let me know.” Zhen Yong smiled amicably.

Knowing that Zhen Yong was a warrior monk, Meng Qi answered also with a smile. “Big brother, you are way too polite for such a small favor.”

The two soon started to behave as if they were soulmates who regretted not being able to know each other earlier.

Seeing this, Xuan Xin coughed to signal everyone to be quiet. He then continued, “Other than the two fundamental Kungfu of Jin Gang Temple, another thing that you should be aware of is their blade techniques.”

“The Blood-blade Mendicant was originally from a sect that excelled in blades, plus he had comprehended some of the mysteries in the fifth move of The Buddha’s Palm… Therefore, the three major blade techniques that he had created after attaining the ‘Dharmakaya of the Glaring Guardian Warrior’ were considered the best among all blade techniques. It’s difficult to find a blade technique that could compete with them…”

His narration made all the char monks feel excited and dreamy. However, their excitement soon turned into sadness. Zhen Yong raised his hand right away and asked, “Uncle Xuan Xin, don’t we have a blade technique that can compete with Jin Gang Temple?”

Right, Shaolin was known as a sect that excelled in every kind of Kungfu! Even the char monks had pride in their sect.

Xuan Xin clicked his tongue. “It is true that we don’t have many blade techniques. However, we still have one that can compete with Jin Gang, and that is the “Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship”. It is one of the Shaolin 72 ultimate Kungfu, but of course you need to break through the ‘Exterior’ Realm to get the best out of this technique.”

His rough explanation of the godly blade technique caused the monks to become excited again.

“All right, it’s late now. Go back to your rooms and work hard.” Xuan Xin yawned and put on an aloof expression, pretending that he didn’t care at all. “You know, actually it’s not that I’m afraid of Brother Xuan Ku or anything like that. I am just helping him to save face because nominally, the Sundries Yard administrates the Chores Yard.”

He obviously still held a grudge about his reaction when Zhen Yong came.

“Oh, is that true?” A deep voice suddenly arose by the door.

Xuan Xin’s face immediately went pale. He promptly put on a broad, cheesy smile. “Brother Xuan Ku, I… I…”

The wide-faced Xuan Ku still wore a yellow robe, but this time in his hands there was a string of maroon Buddha beads.

“Brother Xuan Xin, I am not a member of the Sundries Yard anymore. Currently, I am the manager monk of the Discipline Yard,” Xuan Ku said seriously.

“No wonder you are on patrol.” Xuan Xin tried to change the topic.

“Now this is even scarier…” Meng Qi complained in his head. “Why did the ‘inhuman’ Uncle Xuan Ku join the Discipline Yard?!? If he did something wrong in the future and was discovered by Xuan Ku…”

Xuan Ku looked around the yard and then nodded. “You can go back to your rooms. Don’t forget to practice.”

After returning to his room, Meng Qi quietly took out the little jade Buddha, and examined it with his back facing Zhen Ying and Zhen Guan. The Buddha had a comforting touch, and bits of coolness permeated into Meng Qi’s body which refreshed his mind.

“This is such a treasure!” Meng Qi was very delighted and examined the jade Buddha again and again, expecting to discover more secrets about it. However, he found nothing more and had to give up. He then decided to stop thinking about the jade Buddha and concentrate on practicing Ding. With the help of the jade Buddha, this time entering the state of Ding was very easy.

After cultivating genuine Qi, Meng Qi frowned and took off the jade Buddha from his neck.

He shouldn’t rely on the help of others in the first step of learning Kungfu. If he became used to it, his future would be disastrous.

Without the jade Buddha, Meng Qi’s mind started to activate. Fortunately, he had two successful experiences, but it was already late in the night. The moon silently shone in the sky and not a sound could be heard. Meng Qi eventually restrained his thoughts. If your mind was settled, you attained peace. If you attained peace, you obtained intelligence. And if you obtained intelligence, then the genuine Qi will naturally form in your body.

Half an hour later, Meng Qi finally opened his eyes. It was not that he didn’t want to continue practicing, but he must guarantee a sufficient amount of sleep. Otherwise, he might not be able to handle the sweeping and water-carrying labor tomorrow.

Since he had just finished “self-cultivation in meditation”, Meng Qi now felt refreshed and comfortable. He couldn’t fall asleep at the moment, and looked to his side. There he found that Zhen Hui had just finished practicing too and was looking back at him.

“Little brother, you are still awake?” Meng Qi decided to take this chance to teach Zhen Hui some life lessons.

Zhen Hui nodded and answered dully, “Sleeping soon.”

“Ok. I need to teach you something. Listen…” Meng Qi began his long speech. However, he soon found that Zhen Hui’s eyes were closing.

“He won’t take in a word I say…” Meng Qi felt speechless. He frowned and started to think, and soon a good idea popped into his mind. This kid likes Jianghu stories; maybe I can integrate life lessons into some stories!

In fact, if he was not alone in a completely unknown world, Meng Qi wouldn’t care whether someone got along with others or not. However, now that he unexplainably time-traveled into another universe, he wanted to find a way to alleviate his anguish.

“Little brother, I have a story about a Jianghu hero. Do you want to hear?” He asked with a grin.

Zhen Hui opened his eyes at once, and nodded energetically. “Thank you, big brother!”

“I really can’t follow this kid…” Meng Qi scratched his bald head, looked at the bright moon outside the window, and said in a dreamy tone, “Once upon a time, there was a Taoist named Qiu Chuji. One day, he went by a place called Niu Village…”

For a while, Meng Qi was completely immersed in the story, which was like a bridge that connected the two universes. He totally forgot that he was telling a story to Zhe Hui.

…

Three months later, Meng Qi grew a lot taller, yet since he didn’t have enough time, the “Hundred-day Foundation” was only half-way finished.

As for Zhen Hui, he now crazily admired Meng Qi and listened to almost everything Meng Qi said because of the amazing stories Meng Qi told.

However, Meng Qi still didn’t obtain the opportunity to leave the Chores Yard and join the Warrior-monk Yard.

“Brother Zhen Ding, where are you going?” When Zhen Yong walked into the Chores Yard, he saw Meng Qi and Zhen Hui walking out with brooms in their hands. It was after lunchtime.

Meng Qi replied somewhat excitingly, “Uncle Xuan Xin told us to clean up the Sutras Depository.”

It was an unexpected surprise for Meng Qi. A moment ago when they just finished lunch, Xuan Xin commanded them to clean up the Depository, and indicated that from now on, the Depository would be all theirs to sweep.

Even though Xuan Xin explicitly stated that they were only responsible for the lower two floors where ordinary sutras were kept, and that other high-level monks will clean upper floors, Meng Qi still couldn’t control his excitement. The Sutras Depository! It is the place, that rumors say, where the Shaolin 72 Ultimate Arts is stored! In Wuxia stories, it is the place where countless heroes begin their adventures!

“I wonder if The Buddha’s Palm, Yi Jin Jing, Maha Exorcist Fists, and True Scripture from Grand Phantasia are all in the Depository…” Meng Qi started to dream.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6: Arhat Fists
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

“The Sutras Depository?” Zhen Yong raised his brows, and then grinned broadly. “Brother Zhen Ding, coincidently, the Warrior-monk Yard won’t start practicing fist techniques until this afternoon. How about I go to the Depository with you, and help you with the sweeping? Hehe, to be honest, I am curious about that place too.”

“But…” Meng Qi worried that this would be against the rules.

Zhen Yong said with a bright smile, “Don’t worry. Every monk in Shaolin has access to the lower two floors of the Sutras Depository. The only reason that I didn’t go earlier was because I didn’t have the time. If you don’t believe me, you can ask Uncle Xuan Xin about it.”

Even before the sound of his voice died away, in less than a second Zhen Hui disappeared into Xuan Xin’s room, which stupefied Zhen Yong.

Meng Qi gave a hollow laugh. “That’s him. He takes everything seriously.”

“Well, that usually is the right thing to do.” Zhen Yong uncontrollably laughed.

These days he had frequently visited Meng Qi to learn about reading and writing, and at the same time he often helped Meng Qi and Zhen Hui with their chores. He was a straightforward and generous guy, and was also very eloquent.

“Uncle Xuan Xin said that Brother Zhen Yong was right,” Zhen Hui ran out from the room and yelled.

“Haha, let’s go then.” Zhen Yong laughed.

The Sutras Depository was located on a cliff on the same mountain as Shaolin Temple. It was a standalone four-floor building that conveyed a proud loneliness. Because there was nothing around it, a few flying birds immediately drew people’s attention.

After entering the Depository, the first thing Meng Qi did was pour himself a cup of water and drank it at once. The distance between the Chores Yard and the Depository was so far, and the autumn weather was so dry. He was way too thirsty.

On the other hand, Zhen Hui walked towards the bookshelf and started to read through every sutra earnestly.

“Hey, Brother Zhen Hui, what are you doing? You like to read sutras?” Zhen Yong found it both funny and confusing.

Meng Qi didn’t understand Zhen Hui’s behavior either. He looked to Zhen Hui and poured himself another cup of water.

Zhen Hui seemed very serious and said somewhat hopefully, “There might be an ultimate Kungfu hidden in these sutras.”

Meng Qi uncontrollably spat the water that he just drank all over Zhen Yong’s face. Is this kid poisoned by Wuxia stories? Or is it just that he believed in me too much and whatever I said was facts and the truth?

Zhen Yong wiped his face confusedly and looked at Meng Qi. “Brother Zhen Ding, what is so funny? What Brother Zhen Ding said is not impossible.”

“Yeah! And this is what big brother secretly told me!” Zhen Hui continued to flip through the pages earnestly.

“…” Meng Qi didn’t know what to say. Even though he found it ridiculous, he said calmly, “Little brother, no need to rush. We will visit here every day anyways; let’s do the cleaning first so that we won’t be punished.”

Hearing these words from his most respected big brother, Zhen Hui put down the sutras immediately and began to sweep the Depository with Meng Qi and Zhen Yong.

They were almost done cleaning when it was around 12:45 pm. Meng Qi was about to start “reading” the sutras when Zhen Yong, clutching his stomach, suddenly yelled anxiously, “Eh, my two brothers, there are three necessities for a human being. I need to go to the washroom.”

As he spoke, he swiftly ran to the stairs and disappeared.

Meng Qi didn’t care that much, and asked Zhen Hui to pay close attention to how the sutras were classified and arranged, and see if there were any noticeable trends.

After about 15 minutes, Zhen Yong returned with an extremely pale face.

“Brother Zhen Yong, are you alright?” Meng Qi asked with concern.

Zhen Yong shook his head. “I think I ate something bad.”

Like Meng Qi and Zhen Hui, he began to browse the names of the books. Suddenly, he chuckled. “I didn’t expect that they would have Arhat Fists here.”

“Arhat Fists? Isn’t that the fist technique that brother you practice daily?” Meng Qi promptly looked over.

Zhen Yong pulled out the book from the shelf and handed it over to Meng Qi. “Yes. I actually thought it would be somewhere upstairs.”

Meng Qi greedily flipped through the pages. He wanted to memorize everything he saw.

“Hehe, Brother Zhen Ding, I can help you with it if you want.” Zhen Yong smiled broadly.

Meng Qi was delighted but also worried, “Is-is that allowed?”

It was against the rules to learn Kungfu without permission!

Zhen Hui also had his big eyes wide-opened, and looked at Zhen Yong with a hidden excitement.

Zhen Yong pointed at the book and said, “Since this book is in a place where everyone has access to it, I believe it is a basic Kungfu that everyone can learn, and it won’t be against the rules.”

“Ok.” Meng Qi still felt worried. With the book in hand, he went back to the main floor to ask the depository librarian about it.

The old librarian monk had withered and yellowish brows. He had deep wrinkles all over his face and it seemed like he would immediately die in the next second. Now, he was napping with his eyes half closed.

“Hello great granduncle, this book isn’t placed on the wrong floor, is it?” Meng Qi asked cautiously.

According to Xuan Xin, the Dharma name of this old monk was “Kong Hui”, and he was in the same generation as His Abbotship Kong Wen. This meant that he was three generations above Meng Qi. In Shaolin, there was the order of “Xin Kong Wu Xuan Zhen, Qing Jing Zhi Hui Shen”.

Kong Hui opened his blurry eyes and looked Meng Qi over. He replied leisurely, “Arhat Fists is spread widely in Jianghu. There is nothing special about it.”

This means that I can learn it! Meng Qi thought with rapture. Even though there was nothing special about this Kungfu, it was better than nothing.

He happily returned to the second floor, and bowed solemnly to Zhen Yong. “Brother, please instruct me.”

After this, they learned Kungfu until late afternoon, and Meng Qi felt that all the strength in his body converged into one single stream of energy.

Because he needed to go back to the Warrior-monk Yard to practice Kungfu, Zhen Yong left in a hurry. On the other hand Meng Qi and Zhen Hui rambled on the mountain with great satisfaction.

As they walked, Meng Qi suddenly realized that there was something weird about Zhen Hui- he was always staring at the abyss below the cliff.

“Little brother, what are you looking at?” Meng Qi found it suspicious.

Zhen Hui answered with a frown, “Big brother, if I jump off the cliff, will I find super strong Kungfu records and godlike weapons? Wait no; I didn’t see a deity sword-dancing down there…”

Meng Qi’s face froze. “This is bad… I have led the kid onto a wrong path…”

“No, I must make him turn back!” Meng Qi thought about it, and recalled that Zhen Hui had so much trust in him, so he said in way that was half trying to “save” Zhen Hui and half wanting to prank him, “Little brother, let’s change to a different story tonight.”

“What story?” Zhen Hui asked very excitedly.

Meng Qi smirked. “It is a story about Xia Yu He from the lakeside of Lake Ming.”

“Oh, is she a Kungfu master?” Zhen Hui asked curiously and happily.

“…” Meng Qi was speechless.

…

The moon was hidden by black clouds, and the cold wind blew fiercely. The paper windows of the Chores Yard squeaked as wind blew, and the char monks had to put on an extra layer of quilt. However, Zhen Ying and Zhen Guan still curled up in their beds out of coldness.

Meng Qi didn’t even notice the coldness. He sat cross-legged and was peacefully in Ding. The only feeling he had was that genuine Qi was climbing through his body, converging into “sweet dew”, and filling into acupuncture points.

As soon as the Qi was filled in, Meng Qi immediately felt that all the 365 major acupuncture points in his body were swelling. When the genuine Qi flushed out, the major Qi vessels were being washed out by a flood, and opened up respectively. It felt exactly like what had been said- when filled with Qi, vessels open naturally.

Normally, ordinary people would need to spend quite some time on this step. However, since Meng Qi’s body had already finished “Hundred-day Foundation” previously, there weren’t any obstacles in his vessels, and he easily freed up his Qi vessels.

Meng Qi slowly opened his eyes and felt completely refreshed, as if he had unlimited strength. He understood that he had already finished the first step on the path of Kungfu.

He repressed his desire to jump off the bed and practice Arhat Fists, and gave a long sigh. There wasn’t much happiness in his heart. First, it was because “Hundred-day foundation” was relatively easy and didn’t require any technique, and second it was because it had been another few months and he had pretty much mastered Arhat Fists. However, there still didn’t seem to be any hope for him to leave the Chores Yard.

Also, if he didn’t leave the Chores Yard, he would never have the chance to learn more advanced Kungfu! No need to mention the ultimate Kungfu which would make him stronger than everyone else.

Sigh… The millions of worries and anxiety in Meng Qi’s mind expressed themselves through a long moan.

…

“Zhen Ding, for these two days there will be no lessons in the Sutras Yard. You will be responsible for cleaning the Meditation Yard. Don’t ever offend our respected guests,” This morning after breakfast, Xuan Xin called Meng Qi to find him.

“Respected guests? Uncle Xuan Xin, I wonder which sects are these masters from?” Meng Qi wanted to know clearly about the details so that he wouldn’t offend any of them.

Xuan Xin smiled and said, “Zhen Wu, Xuan Tian, Xi Jian, Huan Hua, Qing Chen, Da Jiang and other sects from the Great Jin Dynasty are invited by Shaolin to this meeting. The masters in these sects will bring young disciples together and discuss and practice Kungfu. It is a platform for the most talented young disciples from each sect to compete, improve, and widen their horizons.”

Meng Qi felt a chill. These were among the largest Kungfu sects in the world! For example, Zhen Wu Sect and Xuan Tian Sect were two of the Three Taoist Sects, Xi Jian and Huan Hua both belonged to the Six Sword Sects, and Qing Chen and Da Jia were among the Six Powerful Societies.

“The most talented young disciples?” Meng Qi asked subconsciously. After all, he was a young Shaolin disciple, too, and it was inevitable that he wanted to compare himself to these other disciples.

Xuan Xin stroked his round and fat belly and laughed. “Why are you asking this? You don’t think you can compete with them, do you? You are only a char monk who just finished ‘Hundred-day Foundation’. Compared to them, you would be a toad in the mud, and they would be phoenixes up high in the sky. Not to say compete, you aren’t even qualified to stand together with them in the same room!”

His bitter taunt made Meng Qi both ashamed and outraged, and Meng Qi’s face flushed red. Even though mentally speaking he was already over 20 years old and had sufficient social experiences, he was still an impulsive young man who wanted to feel prideful about himself. Now that he was faced with such contempt from Xuan Xin, and thinking about the difference between him and the chosen ones, he just couldn’t control his emotions.

Xuan Xin seemed to have not noticed his emotional fluctuations, and continued on, “I heard that among the young disciples, many have attained enlightenment before 20. These people will very likely enter the power ranking in the future. How about you? What kind of Kungfu do you have? What kind of ultimate arts do you know? Well, we Shaolin still have many talented people; Zhen Chang, Zhen Ben, and Zhen Miao from this generation are also perfectly talented and strong.”

As he spoke, he squinted at Meng Qi, “Why are you still here? Shouldn’t you be sweeping the Meditation Yard?”

Meng Qi tried his best to suppress his anger, and walked towards the Meditation Yard with his broom.

Staring at Meng Qi’s back, the smile on Xuan Xin’s face gradually faded away.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7: The Chosen Ones
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

The Meditation Yard was where Shaolin received guests, and was composed of multiple smaller yards. Currently, it was filled with stark trees, and on the trees there was a thin layer of snow.

Meng Qi waved his broom around to clean up the snow in the yard. Suddenly, the door of a room flew wide open, and a young Taoist with two topknots on his head, stood there and yelled, “That little monk over there, come here and clean this room. It is a little dirty.”

“Yes, donor.” Meng Qi performed a single-hand salute, and walked towards the room with his broom. The young Taoist, who had a slightly childish appearance, already went back into the room.

Meng Qi looked into the room from the door, and saw around seven to eight people there. They all wore different kinds of clothes that were of different colors, which was much prettier than the simple clothes of Shaolin.

Wait, I think I saw a girl? Meng Qi didn’t look carefully as he didn’t want to be impolite, but he believed that he saw a girl who wore a light-yellow dress.

So in this universe, Shaolin doesn’t ban women from entering the temple… Meng Qi cautiously walked pass the guests to clean up the broken fragments of a tea cup on the floor.

Suddenly, a leg coming from nowhere was placed in front of Meng Qi’s feet.

It was too late for Meng Qi to stop. He tripped over the leg, lost his balance, and stumbled forward.

In astonishment, Meng Qi found through his blurry eyes that the person who tripped him was exactly that topknot young Taoist. The Taoist had a well-defined face and his thick, black brows were extremely impressive, they looked like two flying blades. Currently, he didn’t look at Meng Qi at all, but rather glared at somewhere in front of Meng Qi.

Meng Qi waved his arms wildly, trying to keep his balance. However, the young Taoist stretched his leg out at an excellent timing, and Meng Qi could only pathetically look at the approaching ground and imagine the miserable fate that would soon arise.

At this moment, a glimpse of something that was light yellow came into his sight. A long sword encompassed by a heavy, aeruginous scabbard followed right after. It appeared suddenly like a bird sprinting and landing from outer space, and softly it touched Meng Qi’s chest.

Only little strength was exerted on the sword, and Meng Qi could hardly sense any pain. However, both the strength and angle of the sword were skillfully controlled, and it effectively stopped Meng Qi from falling. He finally regained his balance.

Meng Qi raised his head with confusion, and there he saw a beautiful face. The girl standing in front of him had bright, big eyes, her hair was coiled in a straightforward manner and smoothly extended down her back, and she wore a light-yellow long dress. She was around 16 to 17 years old; however, she didn’t seem at all immature.

The girl slightly opened her mouth, and her voice was as clear and melodious as an oriole. “Xuan Tian Sect calls itself the righteous sect approved by the emperor of heaven, and this is how you behave, bullying a child?”

The young Taoist from Xuan Tian Sect didn’t reply, but only made a humph sound.

The girl turned around, looked at Meng Qi, and smiled. “Little monk, don’t mind that bad guy. He just wanted to use you to test my sword techniques.” The two dimples on her face made her seem very sweet.

She slightly raised her head and continued, “But what can he change even if he sees my sword?”

She didn’t say it directly out loud, but Meng Qi could still sense the pride and confidence she had in her strength.

“Thank you very much, miss,” Meng Qi subconsciously said.

The young girl withdrew her sword and giggled. “You talk like an aristocrat and not like a little monk. You should have called me donor.”

After this, she reversed the sword and saluted back. “My name is Jiang Zhi Wei, and I am a disciple of Xi Jian Pavilion. I am really sorry that you were involved in our conflict.”

The young Taoist from Xuan Tian Sect humphed again. “I didn’t imagine that Shaolin disciples would be so weak and trip over so easily.”

He raised his brows, and pretended to remain prideful and calm.

“He’s just a char monk. Do you want me to test the Kungfu of the char guys at your place, and see if they are at the same level as you?” Jiang Zhi Wei mocked with a sarcastic smile.

“You!” The young Taoist stood up at once.

“What’s happening?” Suddenly, a deep voice arose by the door.

Meng Qi turned back and saw a young man walk in with his hands behind his back. He wore a long robe with the pattern of eight trigrams. His brows were long and extended to the edge of his forehead, his nose was tall and straight, and his eyes flashed like lightning.

At first sight, Meng Qi thought this handsome and manly guy was more than 20 years old. However, after looking at him carefully, Meng Qi realized from his appearance that he was probably only around 17 or 18.

“He has such a mature atmosphere…” Meng Qi put away the anger that he originally had, and secretly commented in his mind.

“Big Brother Zhang, Qing Jing tripped this little monk to test my sword techniques,” Jiang Zhi Wei simply stated the facts.

The young man looked to Qing Jing. Although he didn’t become angry, there was stateliness in his voice. “Now that you are not at home anymore, every single word or action of yours would represent Xuan Tian Sect. Stop doing things that are inappropriate.”

“Yes, Big Brother Zhang,” The young Taoist answered in a tone that conveyed that he felt he was wronged. However, it seemed that this Brother Zhang had high authority among the young disciples from all the sects, and everyone in the room remained silent. Nobody defended Qing Jing.

“Sorry, I was too offensive,” Qing Jing said to Meng Qi, and then quickly turned away. Meng Qi gently breathed in, and didn’t say anything unnecessary. “My name is Zhen Ding.”

Big Brother Zhang nodded slightly at Meng Qi. “Brother Zhen Ding, I am Zhang Yuan Shan from Zhen Wu Sect. I am thankful for the respect from my friends here, as they call me big brother. I apologize for what happened today.”

[It’s my fault for being so weak…] Yet Meng Qi didn’t say this out loud. He nodded to indicate that it was not a big deal, and put his palms together and chanted the name of Buddha. He then bent down to clean up the mess of the floor, and left the room afterwards.

“This little monk has a backbone…” Meng Qi vaguely heard Jiang Zhi Wei’s comment from behind him.

After he returned to the Char Yard, there was still some time left before lunch. Meng Qi couldn’t calm down and eagerly wanted to practise Kungfu. However, he had finished the “Hundred-day Foundation”, and he didn’t have the script for the next step of “Qi-cultivation in Dhyana”. Therefore, the only thing he could do was to hide in his room and practise Luo Han Fists again and again, and build up his body’s potential.

Zhen Hui and the others didn’t return at lunch time, and Meng Qi heard that they were cleaning the Dharma Yard. It was the place where disciples from different sects dueled and competed.

Meng Qi didn’t see Zhen Hui and Zhen Yan until nighttime. When they came back, they couldn’t hide the excitement on their faces, and endlessly talked about what they had seen during the day.

“Did the duels already begin this afternoon” Meng Qi walked up quickly towards them and asked. Zhen Hui nodded energetically. “Yes, it was so exciting to watch! It was a pity that big brother you weren’t there.”

Zhen Yan nodded slightly and then sighed, “They are about the same age as me, and yet their Kungfu is ten times stronger than mine…”

Comparison leads to despair…this phrase suddenly popped into Meng Qi’s head. He asked with curiosity, “Who was the final winner”

“The final duel was the best. Long swords, Taoists…” Zhen Hui waved his hands and explained with an unstoppable thrill. However, because his language structure was so chaotic, Meng Qi couldn’t understand anything at all.

Zhen Yan smiled and took over the conversation from Zhen Hui. “The final duel was between Zhang Yuan Shan from Zhen Wu Sect and Ms. Jiang Zhi Wei from Xi Jian Sect. Hehe, they had previously defeated the young disciples from all the different sects, including Zhen Miao and Zhen Ben.”

Zhen Yan gloated as he talked about the unfortunate loss of his two brothers, Zhen Miao and Zhen Ben, who joined Shaolin at the same time as him.

“Zhen Wu Sect and Xi Jian Sect” Xuan Xin walked in without being noticed by anyone. “Hey, I didn’t expect that the two young disciples from those two enemy sects would encounter each other.”

“Enemy” Meng Qi was surprised as he didn’t sense any animosity between Zhang Yuan Shan and Jiang Zhi Wei.

Xuan Xin clicked his tongue and explained, “Taoism has a Kungfu that is comparable to The Buddha’s Palm, which is called the Seven Strokes of Heaven Interception. It had also been lost for a long time, and Zhen Wu Sect and Xi Jian Sect were both established based on one of the moves. Thus reasonably, these two sects would be similar to the connection between Shaolin and Jing Gang. Furthermore, Xi Jian Sect only respects Daode Tianzun, and refuses to become a Taoist Sect. So, who won the match in the end?”

“Zhang Yuan Shan from Zhen Wu Sect lost to Ms. Jiang Zhi Wei by half a move,” Zhen Yan promptly answered. He had repeated the comments of the head of the Dharma Yard, divine monk Kong Jian.

Xuan Xin was stupefied and said, “The little girl from Xi Jian Sect won Will she be the second Su Wu Ming Hehe, but be aware, as the hardest blades break the most easily.”

Other monks were talking about how the matches were prolonged and took too much time. After he went back to his room, Meng Qi couldn’t calm down. He thought about the god’s chosen ones, Zhang Yuan Shan and Jiang Zhi Wei, and then related them back to himself. Agitation stirred up in his stomach.

The moonlight permeated through the thin clouds, and reflected on the floor a beautiful view that was like the clear water waves.

When could I possibly leave the Char Yard, and officially begin to learn Kungfu… Meng Qi couldn’t stop thinking. He decided to ask Zhen Guan and Zhen Ying, who had been char monks for many years. Uncle Xuan Zang must have some plans in mind for assigning him here.

“Brother Zhen Guan and Brother Zhen Ying, do you know how to leave the Char Yard Or are there any detailed requirements for leaving” As long as there are specific requirements, and not only saying that you have urge and persistence, Meng Qi thought that there would be some way that he could manage to leave.

Hearing this, the normally sleepy Zhen Ying sat up suddenly, and laughed in a loud voice. “I did all I could to join Shaolin, but after 6 long years, I am still here! In another two years I would be expelled, and I have done nothing! Haha, nothing, how do you think I will face my family!”

His laugh was even more unpleasant to hear than a cry, and it felt like a cuckoo weeping blood from its eyes.

“Leave the Char Yard Ha, in these seven years, I have never seen anyone succeed! Hey, that bald donkey Xuan Ku boasted that we could leave the Char Yard someday but just to force us into hard labor instead!” Zhen Guan grinded his teeth with hatred, as if he wanted to swallow someone’s raw flesh.

Hearing their responses, the tiny hope that Meng Qi had a moment ago was extinguished completely by their coldness. His mind went blank.

Zhen Ying and Zhen Guan went on for some time and then returned back to silence and “autism”. On the other hand, Zhen Hui was breathing soundly, and it was obvious that he was already asleep.

Meng Qi looked out of the window and couldn’t fall asleep. He felt that he was a bird trapped in a cage, and no matter what he did and how much he struggled, he wouldn’t be able to break through. Anxiety, sadness, and desperation arose within him all at once.

After a long, long time, he finally went into sleep.

The moonlight shone on him like water, as if it had helped put a thin layer of silk on him. Suddenly, a mysterious, bewitching green light appeared on his chest.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8: An Eccentric Reunion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

Meng Qi sat bolt upright and gasped for air. He just had a nightmare about how his true identity was exposed and His Abbotship, who attained the Golden Body of Luo Han, killed him with one palm.

Even though he had never met His Abbotship, the dream was so clear and detailed that he couldn’t stop quivering even after he woke up.

“Where is this place…?” Suddenly, he heard the cautious voice of a woman.

“Who is it? Why is there a woman in my room?” Meng Qi was startled and hurriedly looked around, but as he looked he became even more startled. He was not in his room anymore!

He was in was a large square that had white marble floors. The center of the square was completely empty, but around the square there was a circle of statues, of many mythical creatures, including dragon, phoenix, One-legged Bull, and Pi Xiu. Beside him, Meng Qi saw three people that he had met yesterday- Jiang Zhiwei from Xi Jian Pavilion, Zhang Yuanshan from Zhen Wu Sect, and Qing Jing from Xuan Tian Sect. The three of them looked around with confusion and suspicion shown on their faces.

Meng Qi struggled to stand up. He was also completely ignorant of what had happened. He was just sleeping in his room. How did he arrive in a strange place like this? It became more confusing as the talented young disciples were also here. Perhaps he was still dreaming?

Abruptly, the angry face of Qing Jing popped into Meng Qi’s sight. His brows rose due to his anger, and he roared, “What do you Shaolin people want to do? Do you want to become the enemy of all the sects?”

Meng Qi couldn’t understand at all what he was saying, and looked back at him blankly.

“Qing Jing, don’t conclude so early. Let’s first check the back side of the statues, and see what happens.” Zhen Yuan Shan remained calm.

Jiang Zhiwei frowned slightly. “This little monk is only a char monk. Even if this has something to do with Shaolin, he won’t know anything about it. Why make it difficult for him? Besides, I don’t think there is anything that Shaolin would want from us.”

Qing Jing angrily waved his right hand. “Isn’t it obvious? Shaolin has the earthly deity Kong Wen, who attained the golden body of the ‘Taming Dragon Luo Han’. Under the monitor of his Providential Sight and Omniscient Hearing, How would it be possible to bring us all away from Shaolin Temple sneakily? Unless it was he, himself, I can’t imagine another person who could do the same!”

“I, I wasn’t at Shaolin…” A cowardly man walked out from the behind one of the statues. He was around 30 years old, had a lot of muscles and a wild beard.

“Who else is there? Come out and meet us, my friends. I am Zhang Yuanshan from Zhen Wu Sect,” Zhang Wu Shan said loudly after a short surprise.

“Big Brother Zhang, I didn’t know you were here too.” Two other people walked out from two different statues. One of them was a tall girl whose hair was tied up with a white handkerchief and her skin was tanned. The other was an ordinary young man who had an extremely serious facial expression.

Zhang Yuanshan was silent for a moment and his expression became increasingly solemn. “Sister Qi Xia from Dajiang Gang, did you also find yourself here after waking up from your sleep?”

Jiang Zhiwei slowly walked to Meng Qi’s side, and said thoughtfully, “She is the young daughter of Mr. Qi Yuan Tong, the vice president of Dajiang Gang. For now, she is at Shaolin too.”

“I don’t know her…” Meng Qi answered honestly. In his head he started generating a million guesses about the situation that they were in.

“Yes, but when we woke up we were behind the statues. We heard people talking so we didn’t dare to walk out.” Qi Xia had a deep frown, and pointed at the obscene-looking man, “Maybe Taoist Qing Jing had a wrong guess. This is the censer host of Dajiang Gang, Yan Wujiang. He is from the Wu generation of the Jiang Zuo Yan family. He didn’t follow me to Shaolin, and he should be in Maolin, which is east of the Yangtze River.”

“Right, right, right! Third mistress, I, I just won big at the Maolin No.1 Casino, and found some popular girls to sing for me. However, when I woke up, I found myself in such a weird place!” Yan Wu Jiang said looking terrified.

Jiang Zhiwei gave a soft laugh, and Meng Qi didn’t know if she was talking to him or muttering to herself, and said, “The Wu Generation. So he would be a cousin of the chief of ‘Zombie Fist’, Yan Wuwo. He was in such a high generation, yet only a censer host in Dajiang Gang. It seems like there was a reason behind it…”

Qing Jing frowned, walked hastily towards Ya Wujiang, and asked harshly, “You reprobate, telling lies must be one of your daily habits. How do you prove that you are telling the truth?”

He still insisted that his original guess was correct.

Yan Wu Jiang’s lips trembled. “You, you can go to the Maolin No.1 Casino and ask them if I really won 2100 taels!”

He gradually calmed down since the third mistress was also there.

“You are…?” Zhang Yuanshan frowned and looked to the ordinary man who didn’t smile at all.

Jiang Zhiwei suddenly took a step forward, and her pretty brows twisted slightly. “This gentleman, I think I have met you before? Yes, I think you are in the disciple team of Huanhua Swords Sect?”

The man wore plain clothes and a small hat, and was about 20 years old. However, he didn’t display the energy that people at his age usually had, and he looked like he wore an iron mask. Seriousness was the only expression he had. He nodded slightly. “It is my honor to be remembered by Ms. Jiang. I am Qi Zheng Yan, an ordinary disciple of Huanhua Swords Sect, and I came with my team to Shaolin.”

For the first time, Zhang Yuanshan seemed obviously confused. The situation was way too weird. Not only were the most talented disciples of four sects here, there was also an ordinary disciple and a censer host who only knew a little bit of Kungfu. There even was a char monk who only did chores. He just couldn’t see what the standard for choosing these delegates was.

Jiang Zhiwei gave a bitter smile. “Originally, I thought this was targeted against the disciples who came to Shaolin, but who knew that censer host Mr. Yan would also here…”

Qing Jing sneered. “It doesn’t matter whether the people here have anything in common. I only want to ask, who has the power to bring us all here from Shaolin secretly? Humph, divine monk Kong Wen, the third on the heaven ranking. Even Mr. Chong He, who has attained the ‘Purely Yang Tao’, wouldn’t be able to do it!”

He still pointed directly at Shaolin, and the only thing he didn’t understand was why would Shaolin do such a strange thing.-

Duang!

A melodious bell attracted everybody’s attention, and all of them looked to the center of the white marble square.

“Welcome to the World of Samsara!”

“Here, there are countless dangers, but here, you can also obtain everything you want!”

The magnificent yet cold voice arrived along with the bell. Meng Qi frowned and thought that he might have had a similar experience before.

“Who is it? Show yourself!” Qing Jing exerted power towards his feet, and ran towards the center as fast as a sprinting horse. However, nothing was there.

“You can call me ‘Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms’,” the voice continued.

Meng Qi subconsciously looked to his side, and saw Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan’s eyes glaring like a purple electric current that spurted in the darkness. They were extremely focused, looking for the source of the voice.

Then, they gave each other a look and shook their heads.

Meng Qi’s heart missed a beat. They couldn’t seek out the source of the voice either.

Qing Jing put his right hand on the blade at his waist, stopped there, and yelled, “What do you want from us?”

The cold voice replied, “The world is a cycle. You will experience many different universes, and complete the missions that I have assigned. Through this you will accumulate Karma points, and using the Karma points, you can exchange for whatever you want. Let it be an ultimate Kungfu, or a weapon of a deity, or a medicine that could extend your lifetime, or anything you can think of. Here, you can find everything that you have ever heard of, and you can discover a lot more that you have ever known about!”

Meng Qi’s mouth was half-opened that he looked like a carp who lacked oxygen. Isn’t, isn’t this the Infinity Genre? I thought I was in a Wuxia world! This doesn’t seem right!

“Obtain whatever we want?” Qing Jing sneered at what the mysterious person had said.

He was from Xuan Tian Sect, which was called the righteous sect descending from the Emperor of Heaven. In regards to magical and secret Kungfu scripts and rare treasures, he had already seen a lot. He didn’t believe this weird “Owner of the Samsara” could collect all the legendary objects, since some of them were already kept in Xuan Tian Sect!

The “Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms” didn’t reply. Instead, a light screen fell down from the tall, white marble roof, and it showed “Peerless Godly Kungfu Scripts”. Below this title it was clearly written:

“The Buddha’s Palm complete edition, exchange price: one million Karma points.”

“The Buddha’s Palm…” Everybody here had heard of this peerless Kungfu. They were all stupefied. Two sects among the greatest Kungfu sects used an incomplete piece of this script as the basis of establishment! And this Kungfu would lead directly to the supreme golden body of Buddha!

Meng Qi’s heart was on fire, and he temporarily forgot about how the situation “didn’t seem right”.

Jiang Zhiwei read the second line with hidden excitement, “Seven Sky-hacking Swordstrikes, missing the third and sixth moves, exchange price: 750 thousand Karma points. ”

Zheng Yuan Shan held his hand tightly into fists. The two fundamental Kungfu of Zhen Wu Sect were derived from the seventh move of the Seven Sky-hacking Swordstrikes, “Dao’s Wax and Dao’s Wane”.

Qing Jing was stunned for a moment. Then he mocked, “Missing the third and sixth sword, so you don’t really have everything…”

The volume of his laughter became smaller as he said this, because the clear annotation of what was and wasn’t missing made it seem more credible than simply saying “we have everything”. Now it seemed like they really had everything that they claimed they had!

“Only missing the third and sixth sword…” Jiang Zhiwei’s lips trembled. Her beautiful face shined brightly as if the pursuit of the Seven Sky-hacking Swordstrikes was her biggest dream in life.

The establisher of Xi Jian Pavilion also fortunately encountered the first move of Seven Sky-hacking Swordstrikes, “Cutting Tao And Seeking True-self”, and derived the ultimate sword technique Supreme Methods of the Sword. He was thus able to attain the “Supreme Taoist”, and before he passed away, he continuously said three times “Regret” for not being able to read the other six moves of Seven Sky-hacking Swordstrikes.

Meng Qi swallowed a mouthful of saliva difficulty, and looked down the list. He saw another name that he was familiar with, “Eight Nine Mysteries complete edition, exchange price: 950 thousand Karma points.”

“Eight Nine Mysteries, why haven’t I heard of it before?” Qing Jing confusedly asked, and seemed to have forgotten that a minute ago he was still mocking the “Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms”.

Jiang Zhiwei, Zhang Yuanshan, Qi Xia and the others shook their heads. They haven’t heard of it before either.

Meng Qi was the only one crazily screaming in his mind:

Eight Nine Mysteries? Eight Nine Mysteries!

Among all the other Kungfu on the page, many of them were legendary scripts that Jiang Zhiwei and the others had heard of, for example, The Dictionary of The Demon Emperor, The Golden Book of The Human Sovereign, The Phoenix Incineration, etcetera. There were also the fundamental Kungfu of several sects, for example, Emperial Scripts of Heaven, True Martial Seven-Seven Cutting Scripture, Supreme Methods of the Sword, and so on.

In addition, except for Emperial Scripts of Heaven missing the middle volume, and The Golden Book of The Human Sovereign missing the third page, all the others were complete editions!

“How could it be…” Zhang Yuanshan narrowed his eyes, while Jiang Zhiwei also put her right hand on the handle of her sword.

As the best disciples of their sects, seeing that the treasures of their sects were listed here and free for exchange, it was inevitable that they would feel unhappy.

In normal situations, a sect would never forgive someone who wanted to steal their Kungfu. Even if they would have to chase that person to the edge of the world, they would persist in getting rid of the person.

Meng Qi was not yet an official Shaolin disciple, so he didn’t feel the same way. Instead, his mind was full of astonishment towards the Kungfu that he “knew really well”, which were at the bottom of the list. These were Strategy for Sky Demons against Deities, Book of the Chaos, Embryo of The Spectral Soul, etcetera.

On the page, the cheapest was Yi Jin Jing, which was 15 thousand, and the most expensive were The Buddha’s Palm and a few other peerless arts, which were around one million. This was too much excitement for Meng Qi.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9: Yin Huang Castle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

“Hehe, the World-shocking Book of the Zhao Clan from the Divine Capital [1] is here too.” Qi Xia seemed to have a deep disgust towards the Zhao Family, as she was obviously gloating.

The Zhao Family from Luoyang was one of the 14 aristocrat families, and the current royal family of the Great Jin Dynasty!

Meng Qi had heard about this from Xuan Xin. After the medieval times, the aristocrat families had united together to confront the repression of the Kungfu sects. They set up a dynasty and elected the strongest aristocrat family to be the royal family. As a result, at the time, the aristocrats were able to fight head-to-head with Kungfu sects. However, it seemed like the aristocrat family who became emperors received extremely attractive benefits after they ascended the throne and the Kungfu sects were provoking the other aristocrat families to revolt. So, the country went through many generations before settling down to the current rule by the two largest empires- Great Jin Dynasty and Great (North) Zhou Dynasty.

In Great Jin, there were nine extremely prestigious aristocratic families, which were similarly powerful to the Kungfu sects. On the other hand, North Zhou only had five large aristocratic families, so it faced much interference from Kungfu sects.

“They also have the Chapter of Heart’s Quietude in Thingless of the Gao family from Changle [2], and the Heavens’ Fist, which are at similar prices to that of the World-shocking Book, at 150 thousand Karma points. They were cheaper than Emperial Scripts of Heaven from my sect which is as much as 250 thousand points. Hey, and don’t forget, it’s an incomplete Jade Book of the Heaven Sovereign,” Qing Jing said happily.

The young teenagers here had temporarily forgotten that they were in a strange place, and were immersed in comparing the price of the Kungfu of their sects. The result of this “competition” made Qing Jing very delighted and proud.

The Gao family from Changle was the emperor family of North Zhou.

“There are many ultimate Kungfus on this list that I have never heard of before…” Seeing that the Swordplay Sutra of Supremacy of her sect was only worth 250 thousand Karma points, Jiang Zhiwei was a little upset and promptly shifted the topic.

Meng Qi nodded quietly. As “knowledgeable [3]” as he was, he still didn’t know more than half of the Kungfu on the list.

The “Owner of the Samsara” didn’t give them any extra time to look at the list. The light screen flipped a page, and on the second page there was a title “Dhamakaya-level Kungfu”.

The light screen was more than 10 meters high, but it still took three whole pages to display all the Kungfu on the list. Even though the names of the Kungfu only appeared for less than a second and disappeared quickly, Meng Qi still saw familiar names such as True Scripture from Grand Phantasia, The Unbreakable Jin Gang, and individual moves in The Buddha’s Palm and the Seven Strokes of Heaven Interception. The prices for these ranged from 10 thousand to 130 thousand.

After this, the light screen also showed “Supreme Kungfu for Exterior-level”, “Kungfu for The Period of Qi-Cultivation”, and “Kungfu for The Period of Foundation-Construction”. Meng Qi vaguely saw “Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship”, “Nine Yang Divine Skill”, and “Nine Yin Divine Scripture”.

“Arhat Fists, exchange price: two Karma points…” Meng Qi saw this on the last few lines, on the last page of the list. He suddenly realized how “poor” he was.

“These are the prices for the exchange of Kungfu manuals. If you want to skip the initial learning processes, then the prices would range from two times to five times the original prices,” The “Owner of The Samsara” said. His icy voice was followed by the appearance of a silver lit screen that substituted the golden light screen.

“List of Peerless Godly Weapons,” Meng Qi read the top line.

“Sword of the Human Sovereign, created by the Human Sovereign and ranked first regarding kingly ways. Missing, exchange price: 900 thousand Karma points,” Jiang Zhiwei followed him and read the next line. She then laughed. “A lot are missing on this page.”

Altogether, there were only 10 Godly Weapons on the page, and six of them were missing.

Qing Jing laughed loudly. “Of course! Who doesn’t know that ‘Blade of Timeshadow’ is at Xuan Tian Sect? Time is just like a blade, it pushes you towards death with one hit at a time!”

He was talking about the Godly Weapon on the third line. “Blade of Timeshadow, suspected to be made by the Heaven Sovereign, and ranked first regarding unpredictability. Missing, exchange price: 900 thousand Karma points.”

The only ones that were not missing on this page were “Sword of The Nether Sea” which was ranked first in terms of killing, “Seal of the Samsara” which was ranked first in terms of mysteriousness, “Claw of the Demon Emperor” which was ranked first in terms of foul infection, and “The Magical Tree of Bodhi” which could make any weapon lose its power.

“I can’t believe they have all of these…” Meng Qi felt like he was dreaming again. The weapons in myths and legends were all here!

Under this mental state, Meng Qi didn’t pay any attention to the later pages such as “List of Magical Weapons and Tricks”, “List of Precious Weapons”, “List of Strong Weapons”, “List of Weapons Tempered 100 Times” and “List of Ordinary Weapons”. He only heard Qi Xia from Da Jiang Faction say confusedly yet seriously, “I have never heard about the ‘Judgement Chord’ of The Ruan family from Langya [5] being lost. Why doesn’t the ‘List of Magical Weapons and Tricks’ say it’s missing”

It seemed like she started to believe in this weird exchange list.

Jiang Zhi Wei nodded. “It says that the “Self-cutting Sword”, which is currently at Xi Jian Sect, is missing. So maybe…”

She didn’t finish the sentence, but everyone had the same idea. Maybe this was because the Ruan Family had already lost their ancestral weapon, and decided to keep it as a secret.

The Ruan family from Langya was one of the nine largest aristocratic families of Great Jin.

The light screen continued to scroll down and turned into a blueish green color. Now it showed the exchange prices for elixirs, miraculous drugs, treasures from the sky and under the ground, and all sorts of other things.

Here, Meng Qi saw “Da Luo Golden Elixir” (price: 300 thousand Karma points), which could revive the dead. There was also an ordinary medicine “Qi-replenishing Pill”, and taels (a Karma point could be traded for 50 taels, but taels could not be traded for Karma points).

The light screen disappeared soon after, which meant that these were all the things that could be traded. Meng Qi felt a little disappointed. [I thought he said we could exchange for anything we wanted What about Transformers Vampire heritage Thor’s Mjolnir (hammer)

So it seems like even though this is a samsara world, it is a samsara world that fits into a Xian Xia and Wu Xia setting…

“What do we need to do if we want to get out of this samsara universe” Zhang Yuan Shan suddenly asked.

This question grabbed everyone’s attention at once. Although the things given on the list were extremely attractive, but the associated danger must be great as well. Nobody wanted to risk their lives. Unlike Meng Qi, Zhang Yuan Shan, Jiang Zhi Wei, Qing Jing, and Qi Xia were the hope and the most talented ones in their sects. In the future, they might have the chance to learn the supreme Kungfu of their sects.

On the other hand, Meng Qi had just finished “Hundred-day Foundation”, and only knew a little bit of Luo Han Fists. He didn’t want to take on an adventure so early when he was still quite weak.

“You can exchange 300 thousand Karma points for an ‘Otherworld Ticket’, which will help you leave samsara.” The voice of the “Owner of Samsara” was cold as usual. “Sources of the Karma points are quest rewards and item exchanges. If it is something that is on the list, the price you will get will be only 30-50% of the original price. If it is something that is not on the list, you will get a bonus based on the situation.”

“Humph, so if I steal the middle volume of the Jade Book of the Heaven Sovereign, I can get an ‘Otherworld Ticket'” Qing Jing exclaimed angrily, “so that is what you Shaolin people want!”

“Yes, you can.” There wasn’t any fluctuation in the voice of the “Owner of Samsara”. “As for anyone who tries to tell an outsider about the Samsara Universe, you will be obliterated. For anyone who kills a teammate or someone from the same alignment, there will be a deduction applied to your Karma points equal to two times the number of rewards you will get from the current quest. If there are not enough points in your Karma points bank, you will be obliterated. And for anyone who exchanges for a manual yet secretly switches with someone else, you will both be obliterated. Manuals that you obtain from the worlds of the quests will be exceptions…”

He announced the rules with a magnificent and serious voice.

The second he finished, the surroundings started to change, and Meng Qi and the others found themselves in complete darkness. When a light appeared before them, they realized that they had been teleported into a tunnel, and were surrounded by stone walls.

A gruesome green fire began to burn on the stone ground, and words appeared.

“The owner of ‘Yin Huang Castle’ invented the ‘Mind-control Pill’ to seize the throne. He used it to secretly control the heads of the sects, but his conspiracy was accidentally discovered by hero Ma Liang Han. Ma Liang Han invited three other Kungfu masters to intrude ‘Yin Huang Castle’ with him. However, due to their carelessness, they are now trapped in the castle.”

“Your main quest is to kill the owner of ‘Yin Huang Castle’ in six hours. Participants will be awarded 50 Karma points. If you fail the quest, you will all be obliterated!”

“Your side quest is to save the four masters who are trapped in the castle. You will be rewarded with 10 Karma points for every person you save. There is no punishment if you fail this quest.” After a few seconds, the fire died out and everything returned to normal.

“Humph, Shaolin must have set all of this up!” Qing Jing was so outraged that his face became distorted. “I will not go on this weird quest! What do you guys want to do”

He glared at Meng Qi and couldn’t understand how there could be a quest.

Meng Qi shrugged and didn’t speak. He thought, [well, you don’t expect me to tell you a story from the infinity genre like the one I’ve told little brother, do you]

Suddenly, Jiang Zhi Wei pulled out her sword. Its sound was like the cry of a dragon, and its shine was like the clear autumn water.

She looked at everyone with a solemn expression. “I think we better complete the quest. Someone who could shift us so easily from one place to another is definitely able to kills us easily as well. They are likely an immortal who is above the Dharmakaya level. Therefore, I suggest that we follow his orders and see what will really happen.”

She slightly raised her head again when she spoke the last sentence.

“I agree with Sister Jiang.” Zhang Yuan nodded.

Qi Xia thought about it, and pulled out her Watershed Rapier, which had a beautiful blue luster. “We can’t change what has already happened, but we shouldn’t sit still and just wait. According to the ‘Owner of Samsara’, we will be able to return to our world for a period of time every time we complete a quest. We can think about other solutions after we go back. For now, let’s complete the quest!”

She was tall and slim, and wore a tight dress. Although her skin was tan, judging by sight, it still seemed soft. These combined with her delicate appearance made her look like a perfect Southern girl.

“I, I will listen to whatever the Third Mistress says!” Yan Wu Jiang said trembling.

Meng Qi glanced at him. He couldn’t understand how this big and strong man was at the same time as timid as a rabbit. Comparing him to the “Flying Yaksha”, Yan Wu Wo who was the head of “Zombie Fist” and could make 100 square miles of ground soaked with blood (according to Xuan Xin), they differed so much. It was especially shocking when they were both in the Wu generation of the Yan Family.

Qi Zheng Yan, who was from Huan Hua Sect nodded slightly. “Even though I am inexperienced and unknowledgeable, I agree with Ms. Jiang too.”

Qing Jing pressed his lips together tightly and looked towards the torch on the stone wall. After some time, he finally said unhappily, “I don’t have any fears towards the quest myself. However, if any one of you dies here, don’t blame me for it.”

“Life or death, it is already decided upon by heaven.” Seeing that the team had reached a consensus, Zhang Yuan Shan smiled.

Jiang Zhi Wei subconsciously uttered, “I will use the sword in my hand to fight destiny…”

She then stopped and grinned. There was no need to continue, as Xi Jian Sect and Zhen Wu Sect had interpreted different truths from the same “Seven Strokes of Heaven Interception”. It was a fundamental difference in philosophy, and it wasn’t necessary to get into any internal conflicts under the current circumstances.

She then turned around and looked at Meng Qi, and asked with a smile, “Little monk, are you coming with us”

Meng Qi was moved. Everybody else had unconsciously ignored his opinion because he was only a char monk. It felt good for someone to still remember him. “Of course, I will need to thank Ms. Jiang beforehand for your help.”

Under this kind of situations, the only choice for a weak person that knew little Kungfu like him was to follow the strongest people in the team, and Meng Qi knew this perfectly well.

Jiang Zhi Wei uncontrollably chuckled. “You should call me Benefactor Jiang.”

Meng Qi breathed in gently and promptly opened his mouth before anyone else, “I think we should prioritize the side quest and save the four masters, and then beleaguer the owner of ‘Yin Huang Castle’.”

“Won’t that be a waste of time” Qing Jing still believed that every person from Shaolin was a villain.

Meng Qi looked at Jiang Zhi Wei, Zhang Yuan Shan, and Qi Xia. “First, we don’t know how strong the owner of ‘Yin Huang Castle’ is. If we go rashly without careful consideration, there will be a huge risk. Second, I don’t think there is a need to announce a side quest at the beginning. Usually side quests were announced only after you found the triggers. I suspect that the true meaning to this side quest is that, the ‘Owner of Samsara’ doesn’t believe that we can complete the main quest by ourselves, and thus wants us to first look for help.”

Jiang Zhi Wei, Zhang Yuan Shan, and the others nodded slightly. It would definitely be better if they had four helpers who knew about the situation, yet there still existed the probability that it would turn out to be a waste of time and cause them to fail the quest.

“Humph, you sound like you know a lot about this ‘Owner of Samsara’. Are you experienced” Qing Jing squinted at Meng Qi.

“Of course, I am experienced in gaming and reading novels… “Meng Qi responded quietly in his head. He was not a sage or anything like that. All he had was some knowledge about the “Samsara Universe”, and he could be right or wrong.

The second Qing Jing finished his sentence, Meng Qi’s eyes opened wide. In front of him, a black shadow rapidly flew towards them. “He” didn’t touch the ground at all, and was exactly like a floating evil spirit!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10: The First One
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

This made Meng Qi’s hair stand up. “Did we arrive in a world full of evil spirits and ghosts? I know that Golden Bodies, Dharmakayas, and Taos are all very strong, and can make any evil vanish in less than a second. However, we are still at normal kungfu levels, and can do nothing against ghosts! What should we do?”

While Meng Qi couldn’t move his legs, due to extreme fear, the shine of a bright sword flashed through and pointed directly to the space above the “ghost”.

“What? Did the ghost have the power to confuse people and make their swords difficult to control?”

At this moment, Meng Qi thought that there had been a mistake and the sword wasn’t able to hit the target.

Yet in the next second, the black shadow fell straight to the ground. He waved his arms and legs in an attempt to stand up, but he couldn’t.

Zhang Yuanshan walked towards the shadow, with his right hand as a finger sword [1], and pointed at the shadow’s body. The shadow immediately stopped moving.

“Don’t think that your simple tricks would work so easily on us.” Jiang Zhiwei put away her long sword with a humph.

Now Meng Qi finally realized what had happened. On the stone ceiling there was an inconspicuous guide rail, and from there a rope hanged down. Only half of it was left now.

“Haha.” Meng Qi laughed awkwardly. He felt embarrassed for being confused and frightened by a simple mechanism.

Jian Zhi Wei looked to the group and smiled. “Brother Zhang and I have already opened up our eye Aperture. It is like knowing the basics of Heaven Eye, if we were Buddhists. Although the light here is really dim and the guide rail and rope are both hidden by their surroundings, we were still able to see them.”

Eye Aperture, Heaven Eye… Meng Qi finally understood what “Enlightenment” meant. He asked, “But how do they relate to Kungfu practices?”

What he couldn’t understand was how normal Kungfu could develop into the “Heaven Eye”.

“The eye is an Aperture for the liver. After you accumulate Qi, open up your Qi channels, and attain a basic level of physical strength, your Kungfu build-up will be transferred into your organs and Aperture points.” Zhang Yuanshan pulled out something from the mouth of the man in black. He stood up, while casually explaining to Meng Qi, and looked to everyone around him. “He is still alive; I prevented him from taking poison and committing suicide. Does anyone know a technique that can force him to tell us the detailed layouts and the current situation within Yin Huang Castle?”

His Dimmak was very accurate and timely, so that the man in black couldn’t break the poison pack in his mouth with his teeth.

Meng Qi slightly nodded. He understood the concept of “Enlightenment”, and became more enthusiastic about the Kungfu practice. As for interrogation techniques, although he knew a lot of cruel tortures due to his past interest in novelties, they were either inappropriate under the situation, or could not be performed within a short period. He, therefore, copied Zhang Yuanshan and looked to Jiang Zhiwei, Qi Xia, and the others.

Qi Xia took a step forward and smiled somewhat unwillingly. “Little sister I have a Dimmak technique that I can try. I hope you won’t disdain me for being too cruel.”

She was the young mistress of a rich family and had always lived in affluence. Since she had abruptly landed in this “Samsara Universe”, she still wasn’t able to calm down, and seemed a little absent-minded. Therefore, even though she intended to smile politely, she still looked very worried. Also, the fact that she modestly called herself “little sister” was unfair, since Meng Qi, who was a very young char monk, was also among them.

“Are you going to use the ’13 Soul-plundering Hands’ of Dajiang Gang?” Putting in a little thought, Jiang Zhiwei immediately knew what kungfu Qi Xia was going to use.

Qi Xia gave a wry smile. “Although it’s called Soul-search, it’s just torturing people with Dimmak.”

Zheng Yuan gently nodded and said, “Please go on, Ms. Jiang. Thank you for allowing us to sit back and enjoy the fruits of your talent.”

“Humph, kids pretending to be like a successful master. It’s just like how it’s said in operas: the real villains often appear to be the most loyal…” Yan Wujiang, who was standing beside Meng Qi, mumbled in a very low voice. It seemed that an obscene and chicken-hearted person like him really disliked people like Zhang Yuanshan- people who could always become the leader of a group regardless of the circumstances.

Meng Qi squinted at him and didn’t say anything. “Isn’t this guy afraid that he will be abandoned by the rest of the team?”

Yan Wujiang glanced back at Meng Qi with contempt, and continued to mumble, “They didn’t even open their ear Aperture. No need to fear…”

“Well, it’s always better to be careful.” Meng Qi thought with a smile, and watched Qi Xia walk towards the man in black. She kneeled down with her index and middle finger together in the shape of a finger sword, and adjusted her breath. After that, she quickly pointed on the man seven times.

Then she stood up as if she was repelled by something, and Meng Qi saw cold sweat appear on her forehead.

Heh, Heh, Heh… The man in black started to make sounds that were like the roars of a beast. It was not long until the sounds turned into bursts of screeches. Even though the sounds were not loud under the control of “13 Soul-plundering Hands”, and only people standing near him could hear them. They were so sad and shrill that Meng Qi had goosebumps all over his body.

“Ah… Stop, I, and I beg you… Ah… I-I will tell everything…” Finally, the man in black couldn’t stand it anymore and screamed for mercy.

Qi Xia heaved a sigh of relief. She kneeled again and pointed five times on the man. “Tell us everything you know. I want to see if what you say matches what we have on hand.”

The man’s clothes were soaked with sweat. In a hoarse voice, he confessed everything he knew about the layout of the castle and its owner.

Zhang Yuanshan began to draw a map on the ground, according to the man’s descriptions. Normally speaking, if the man was lying about something he had not prepared for beforehand, then there must be some visible contradictions on the map. As long as the layout of the castle was not extremely simple, the contradictions should be evident.

“I think he’s right.” Zhang Yuan stared at the completed map and said in a low voice, “This Yin Huang Castle is built in an underground cavern. It is extraordinarily vast and full of trickery and traps. Considering this, we really don’t have much time.”

“So we are not going to save the four masters?” Qing Jing asked immediately. He hesitated a little and continued, “according to this guy, it seems like the owner of Yin Huang Castle has already opened all six Aperture points: eye, ear, nose…”

Without doubt, the man in black didn’t know exactly how strong the owner was. However, the details that he had provided gave Qing Jing and the others a general sense of the owner’s powers. For example, the owner could use a needle to kill mosquitos on a dark night, and when betrayers tried to poison him, he could always figure out their conspiracy.

Meng Qi looked at Qing Jing. “This guy isn’t that opinionated or stubborn after all.”

“Yes, we should be careful. According to the map, the four masters are trapped in the east and west direction respectively. Considering that we also need to break through all kind of traps and tricks, and fight the guards in the castle, we must divide into two teams.” Zhang Yuanshan stood up and said calmly, “Brother Qi, I assume that you have already finished Qi accumulation?”

“I am ashamed. I have finished Qi accumulation five years ago, but I still cannot attain Enlightenment.” The quiet Qi Zhengyan answered with a fist and palm salute.

“Brother Qi, and Brother Qing Jing, please follow me to the east. We will try to save Master Ma Liang Han and Tan Wen Bo as fast as possible,” Zhang Yuanshan stated his opinion. “As for Sister Jiang and Sister Qi, please take care of Brother Zhen Ding and Censer Host Yan. It would be best if you could save the two other masters in the west. However, if it is too difficult, one is enough, and you can come back to the center to meet up with us. According to my estimation, three masters will be enough for us to fight the owner of the castle.”

Originally, he intended to make Jiang Zhiwei, who was the strongest among the rest of the team, go with him. Nevertheless, there would be a very low possibility of success for Qing Jing and Qi Xia to save the masters in the west on their own. It was very likely that they wouldn’t be able to save even one. Therefore, for the sake of safety, Zhang Yuanshan eventually decided that he and Jiang Zhiwei should go to different directions. Of course, since Jiang Zhiwei and Qi Xia would need to take care of the team’s “burden”, he tried to make their mission easier.

“Actually, that is not necessary. We can act together and save two of the masters. There’s no way an ordinary ‘enlightened’ Kungfu masters can compare with those who have inheritance from large Kungfu sects,” Qing Jing said in a slightly haughty tone.

It was common sense that when two people both in the Enlightenment stage fight each other, the one who knew many secret Kungfu of the large sects would beat the other ordinary Kungfu master. This was true even if the ordinary master had opened up two to four more Aperture points.

Even still, many successors of the large sects failed due to lack of experience. For this reason, every sect has special programs to help their successors gain Jianghu experience. For example, according to Xuan Xin, before the best-performing Shaolin disciples leave the mountain and enter Jianghu, they needed to train in the special program for about half a year. During that time, they would face the dangers of being poisoned or sneak attacked at anytime and anywhere. The purpose of this was to help them learn about the importance of judging and reacting to the constantly changing Jianghu environment. Of course, the trainers would be extremely strong Kungfu masters who could control their strength, and antidotes would always be somewhere near the disciples. In other words, the disciples’ lives would not be at risk.

If the large sects were not aware of their weaknesses, and did not conduct special training to counter assassination and poisoning, they would have already collapsed a long time ago, and only appear in after dinner conversations.

“Being careful is always the best thing to do,” Zhang Yuanshan deeply thought about it and said. After all, it was their first samsara quest, and there was still so much uncertainty.

Qing Jing curled his lips and didn’t argue further. He looked to Jiang Zhiwei and said, “Don’t make us wait too long, or we will do it ourselves.”

“Do you think you are a hero, when the only thing you can do is flaunt with that mouth of yours? I see that your verbal skills are ‘strong’, but do you dare fight me again with your bare hands?” Jiang Zhiwei asked with a grin. She didn’t mind Qing Jing’s insinuation.

You would never mind the insinuation from an opponent that you had defeated!

Qing Jing’s face turned pale and his lips quivered. “If-if I have opened the eye Aperture too…”

He couldn’t finish the sentence, because even though both he and Jiang Zhiwei were about 16 years old, Jiang Zhiwei had opened the eye Aperture when he hasn’t. From that perspective, he had already lost.

He walked towards the dividing road in front of him and with a deep frown, he said, “Big Brother Zhang, let’s not waste our time anymore.”

Zhang Yuanshan called on Qi Zhengyan, and followed him. On the other hand, Jiang Zhiwei turned to Meng Qi and said, “Little monk, remember to follow me closely. If you are stray away from me, I won’t be able to save you.”

She then gave a beautiful smile that made Meng Qi imagine blooming flowers. “Well, we are not family or anything like that. So if you die here, I won’t feel too sad.”

Meng Qi immediately became speechless. He promptly raised his speed to follow Jiang Zhiwei.

At this moment, a few shadows dashed from the fork road and towards them, and had either a sword, an axe, or a steel fork in their hands.

Along with the sound of a dragon’s cry, Jiang Zhiwei pulled out her sword and drew three men towards her. In a few whizzes, she cut through the throat of one of the men.

Seeing fresh blood burst out and dye red, a large area on the ground and walls, Meng Qi began to feel unreal. It was as if he was watching a movie in the cinema, and none of this was related to him.

Fortunately, since nothing could be more unreal than a time or universe travel, he was able to quickly come back to reality. He then hastily hid behind Jiang Zhiwei, and stayed within the reach of her sword.

Jiang Zhiwei’s sword techniques were like a dance; beautiful and elegant. The other two men in black had to support each other by standing back to back. Meng Qi fixed his eyes on their fight and couldn’t stop thinking, “If it were me, how could I use Abbot Fists to fight them?”

At the same time, Qi Xia’s sword techniques made her look like she was swirling through flowers and passing through trees. She didn’t make a lot of moves, yet her Water-shed Rapier was able to accurately hit the target every time she moved. Along with the clear shine of her sword, the men in black fell to the ground one by one.

Qing Jing’s blade was stern and majestic. Even though there seemed to be nothing special in his moves, the men in front of him were very frightened, as if their hearts were paralyzed. Their movement was slowed, which caused them to be cut immediately.

Zhang Yuanshan didn’t try to show off his techniques, but rather put in all the strength he had. He drew a semicircle in the air with his long sword, which created several invisible yet powerful long blades. He then gave a single push to his sword, and in less than a second, three men simultaneously fell to the ground.

As for Qi Zhengyan, his sword techniques were very precise. Occasionally, he used ingenious moves. So even when he was surrounded by three men, he was still able to wound one of them seriously. If he had more time, he would definitely be able to defeat all of them.

“Isn’t Ms. Jiang the strongest one here? The other three had already killed at least three men in black. Why hasn’t she defeated the other two yet?” The fast-moving swords and blades grabbed all of Meng Qi’s attention, and thus he didn’t feel heavy-hearted towards the men in black’s deaths.

“Ah!”

Suddenly, a scream was heard, and Meng Qi subconsciously turned around. There he saw a long sword extending from a crack on the stone, and stabbing through the heart of a large man. It was the extremely coward Yan Wujiang. Blood gushed out from his body and it was obvious that he would die right away.

“There are hollow spaces behind the stone walls…”

“The first one…”

Witnessing Yan Wujiang fall to the ground, with a distorted face filled with extreme pain and agony, Meng Qi felt an unbearable chill run throughout his body.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11: Blade
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

Hearing the scream, Jiang Zhiwei’s nerves were clearly triggered, and she accelerated the movement of her sword. In fewer than three moves, she was able to break through the defense of her opponents and stab their temples. Everything happened so fast that the two men in black couldn’t even give a complete screech before they died.

Meng Qi was forced to come back to earth when he heard the screech. Without thinking, he jumped away from the stone wall and ran to the other side of Jiang Zhiwei.

It wasn’t until now that he had the time to feel confused. “Why was Jiang Zhiwei able to finish off the two men so easily? A minute ago it still seemed that they were at the same level. Was she intentionally restraining her power?”

Yan Wujiang’s death obviously served as stimulation for Zhang Yuan Shan, Qing Jing, and Qi Xia. Their attacks became increasingly fierce, and within a minute they were able to defeat almost all the men in black, leaving only a few alive as hostages.

Qi Xia walked to Yan Wujiang. She stared at him for a while and sighed deeply. “Censer Host Yan has always been afraid of death. Due to ‘The Flying Yaksha’, all this time we have only assigned him to trivial work such as monitoring the casino. I didn’t expect that he would be the first one to lose his life.”

Zhang Yuan Shan kneeled down before the corpse. He checked the wounds and touched the tip of the corpse’s nose to confirm that Yan Wujiang was truly dead. He then announced with a solemn expression, “He is dead…”

All the others showed a similarly serious face. The “Owner of Samsara” didn’t deceive them. This wasn’t a game, nor was it a dream. If you die here, you would be forever dead!

“We can’t waste another second.” Qing Jing was short-tempered.

Zhang Yuan Shan waved his hand. “We are more likely to make mistakes when anxious. We should interrogate the hostages once again to ensure that the information we have obtained earlier is correct. Also, since so many people are after us, I worry that the owner of the castle already knows we are here. We will definitely encounter stronger enemies. Therefore, we need to adjust our plans accordingly.”

“Sister Qi, I will hand this to you,” he turned to Qi Xia and said.

Qi Xia glimpsed at Yan Wujiang’s corpse once again. “The ‘Flying Yaksha’ has always been protective of his family members. Even if he and Censer Host Yan didn’t get along well, I don’t know what trouble this will bring…”

She walked to the hostages and performed the ’13 Soul-plundering Hands’.

“It seems like the information we have about the layout of Yin Huang Castle is accurate.” Zhang Yuan Shan became certain as he listened to the hostages’ confessions. He then said with a frown, “Why would the owner of Yin Huang Castle gather all of the masters under him in the central hall and shut the gate of the hall to prevent anyone from entering? These men in black became a team without a leader.”

“Isn’t this a good sign? At least before we go into the central hall, we won’t need to worry about reinforcements, and the owner won’t be able to attack us either,” Qing Jing answered carelessly.

Qi Zheng Yan suddenly interjected, “But we eventually will go into the central hall. If we don’t find out what the owner is conspiring, we might suffer unexpected losses.”

“The key is, are we able to find out now? Or do you have extra time to spend on an investigation?” Qing Jing looked to the stone wall on the side.

At this moment, they all stood in the center of the tunnel and far away from the stone walls. On the other hand, Meng Qi, who was one of the two burdens for the team, wasn’t in the mood for talking as he saw that the other burden, Yan Wujiang, had died so easily.

Jiang Zhiwei held her sword tightly. A drop of blood slowly dripped from the tip of the sword. “Stop fighting. We will follow our original plan and act quickly. Regardless of what the owner is conspiring, we must arrive at the central hall before he initiates his plan.”

“This is the only option we have.” Zhang Yuan Shan stood up fiercely. “Let’s go.”

As they spoke, the three quickly disappeared at the fork road.

Qi Xia looked to Jian Zhiwei and then to Meng Qi, and said with a smile, “Zhiwei, since I am uselessly a few years older than you, let me call you Little Sister Zhiwei. I will listen to everything you say from now on.”

Jiang Zhiwei nodded without a smile. “Big Sister Qi, let’s go too. Be aware of traps.”

Seeing that they had started walking, Meng Qi quickly kneeled down and picked up the steel sword that lied beside a corpse.

“Use a blade instead. While a sword is hard to learn, a blade is much easier to use. For you, using a blade instead of a sword will make you at least two times stronger.” Jiang Zhiwei reminded Meng Qi. In the opinion of Xi Jian Pavilion people, a sword is purely a decoration without a few years of practice.

Meng Qi thought about it and realized that he might have heard this somewhere else too, so he threw away the sword without hesitation and picked up a long blade.

Given his height, it would be advantageous to fight near his enemies using a short blade, yet the shorter the blade, the larger the risk. Besides, his current body had great strength, and it was easy for him to control a long blade.

Affected by the death of Yan Wujiang and the cruel battles that they had gone through, the two girls were very depressed. On the other hand, Meng Qi had already recovered, but he didn’t dare to speak. He tried his best to follow Jiang Zhiwei as she swiped away poison arrows, agilely killed many men in black, and held onto his collar to carry him through a tunnel that was full of traps.

“I think we are almost there…” Qi Xia looked around and inspected.

Her voice broke the silence surrounding them. Jiang Zhiwei looked at the stone gate in front of them and said, “Be aware of poisonous gas.”

After Meng Qi had accomplished “Hundred-day Foundation”, he had a refreshed mind and also a pretty good memory. He remembered clearly that there was a tunnel behind the stone gate, which had a dragon claw on it. If they stepped on the traps in the tunnel, poison gas would spurt out. At the end of the tunnel, there was the secret chamber where Master Cheng Yong Cheng was trapped.

Qi Xia pushed the stone gate open and began to examine how the bricks were arranged carefully.

“Big Sister Qi’s family has a long history, and she is also a master of trickeries and traps,” Jiang Zhiwei explained to Meng Qi.

In fact, Meng Qi knew this even without her explanation. Qi Xia had solved many traps on their way here.

Qi Xia said with a smile while she continued her inspection, “You praise me too much, Little Sister Zhiwei. I am much weaker than you regarding Kungfu, so all I can do is to be better at these trivial things.”

Jiang Zhiwei smiled back insincerely and didn’t answer. Instead, she turned to Meng Qi and said with a disheartened expression, “I only learned from my sect how to cope with sneak attacks and protect myself. I need to let you know beforehand that I am not at all good at protecting other people.”

Obviously, she was thinking about Yan Wujiang’s death.

Meng Qi felt extremely scared but he pretended to be extremely brave. “No big deal. Without Ms. Jiang, I won’t be able to move a step and would have already followed Censer Host Yan’s path.”

This time, he said Ms. Jiang on purpose.

“Benefactor Jiang,” Jiang Zhiwei tirelessly corrected him and finally gave a smile.

Qi Xia suddenly laughed. “Little Sister Zhiwei, there is a hidden door in this tunnel, and I suspect that it would lead us directly to another secret chamber. Looking at the map we have, it might be where Ding Chang Sheng, Master Ding, is trapped.”

“Do you mean you want to act separately?” Jiang Zhiwei keenly recognized what she meant.

Qi Xia nodded. “The masters in the castle have all gone to the central hall. Since we have this shortcut, I want to give it a try to increase our possibility of winning.”

Jiang Zhiwei thought about how on their way here they only encountered some men in black who had ordinary Kungfu, so she told Qi Xia, “Be careful.”

“Of course.” Qi Xia held tightly onto her Water-shed Rapier and said to Jiang Zhiwei and Meng Qi, “Left three, right four. If you follow this order, you won’t trigger the poison gas.”

She randomly cut some rock crumbs from the wall and threw them over. As expected, nothing happened, so she stood on the tip of her toes and skimmed through with a beautiful posture. After opening a stone gate in the middle of the tunnel, she disappeared into the darkness.

“Let’s go save Master Cheng.” Jiang Zhiwei walked towards Meng Qi and was about to hold onto his collar again.

Meng Qi absolutely didn’t want to stay and get killed by some random men in black. However, he had an unsolved question in his mind and was too afraid to follow Jiang Zhiwei alone.

Thinking about the personality and style Jiang Zhiwei had displayed since they first met, Meng Qi decided to take the risk and asked, “Ms. Jiang, there is a question that I don’t know if I should ask you.”

“What question?” Jiang Zhiwei looked at Meng Qi with confusion.

Meng Qi gritted his teeth. “Ms. Jiang, the second time that we met men in black, why were you in a stalemate with two of them? According to the strength that you showed later, you should have easily taken care of them.”

This question had bothered Meng Qi for a long time.

“Huh?” Jiang Zhiwei’s expression changed dramatically.

Then she gave a serious but cute face. “Promise me first not to laugh.”

Rarely could he see Jiang Zhiwei behave like this, Meng Qi felt that most of his nervousness had disappeared. He swore and vowed that he wouldn’t laugh.

Jiang Zhiwei looked up at the stone ceiling, and her face was red. “That was the first time I killed someone. Seeing blood spurting from the enemy’s body and his body falling to the ground, I was a little scared…”

Meng Qi nearly laughed out loud. Such a simple reason! He was overthinking.

Seeing that Meng Qi worked hard not to laugh, Jiang Zhiwei gave a slight humph. “In our sect, we practice our bravery to kill living beings by killing chickens. I have never killed a human being before.”

“Ugh, Ms. Jiang, how many chickens have you killed?” Meng Qi shifted the topic.

Jiang Zhiwei thought about it and answered, “It has been two years since I have accomplished my sword studies. Since then, I have killed two chickens every day, and sometimes there are pigs, cows, and sheep too.”

An idea flashed through Meng Qi’s mind. He said “seriously”, “Ms. Jiang, I have come up with a nickname for you to use after you become famous.”

“What is it?” Jiang Zhiwei asked curiously.

Meng Qi answered in a solemn tone, “the Chicken-slaying Sword God.”

Jiang Zhiwei burst out into laughter. “Hey, I didn’t know that a little monk like you is also a sly little fellow. Also, you should call me Benefactor Jiang! Be careful or Buddha might punish you!”

She laughed like a blooming flower but quickly became calm again. Holding onto Meng Qi’s collar, she ran through the tunnel. Thanks to the chat that they had just had, they had become much closer.

Qi Xia was truly skilled at traps and trickery. On their way, not a single accident occurred, and Jiang Zhiwei and Meng Qi successfully arrived at the stone gate.

“This stone gate can’t be opened from the inside…” After examining for a while, Jiang Zhiwei hinted Meng Qi to hide behind her, as hidden arrows might fly out from behind the gate.

The stone gate opened slowly with heavy noises. Nothing happened.

“Who are you, my friend?” A surprised voice arose in the room.

Jiang Zhiwei examined their surroundings to make sure that there wasn’t an ambush. Then she walked into the stone room while Meng Qi guarded the gate for her.

In the middle of the room, a middle-aged man who wore plain, blue clothes said with astonishment, “I am Cheng Yong. Thank you for saving me. May I ask which sect are you from?”

He had perfect knowledge about all the famous people in Jianghu, yet he had never met this beautiful girl before.

“Master Cheng, we are from a hidden sect. Because Master Ma invited our teacher, we came here to help you defeat the evil and restore justice.” Jiang Zhiwei made up a random lie.

Hearing the name Master Ma, Cheng Yong slightly nodded and walked towards Jiang Zhiwei. “I haven’t asked for your name yet, miss.”

“I am Jiang Zhiwei.” As a disciple of a large Kungfu sect, Jiang Zhiwei always remembered to be polite.

Cheng Yong walked near Jiang Zhiwei and smiled. “Heroes are always the youngsters. Well, let’s go and save the others, too. Um, who is this?”

Jiang Zhiwei answered, “His Buddhist name is Zhen Ding.”

Suddenly, Meng Qi saw a layer of green mist covering up Cheng Yong’s eyes. He immediately noticed that something was wrong.

At the same time, Jiang Zhiwei had the same feeling too. Concentrating strength in her feet, she rapidly retreated away from Cheng Yong.

Cheng Yong’s left hand was as agile as a fish in the water. As fast as lightning, he attacked Jiang Zhiwei’s lower abdomen.

“Mind-reaving Pill…” Meng Qi didn’t know why this term popped into his mind.

It took Jiang Zhiwei some time to react, and her movement was slower than Cheng Yong’s left hand. At this moment, the only thing she could do was to minimize the damage by using genuine Qi as protection.

Nevertheless, Jiang Zhiwei’s eyes showed an unwavering determination. She pushed out her sword. Instead of avoiding Cheng Yong’s attack, she had decided to give all she had!

Bang! With blood gushing from her mouth, Jiang Zhiwei was knocked into the air, and she crashed into the stone gate. On the other hand, her long sword stabbed deeply into Cheng Yong’s chest, and blood burst out.

Cheng Yong immediately pointed on a few acupuncture points on his chest to stop the outflow of blood. Then, as if he had turned into a beast, he completely ignored his serious wound and jumped towards Jiang Zhiwei and Meng Qi.

Jiang Zhiwei’s attack had caused Cheng Yong’s palm to lose most of its strength, so, fortunately, she wasn’t severely injured. However, the lower abdomen was the weak point of Dantian [1] and also connected to the lower body. Therefore, at the moment, she wasn’t able to exert any strength, and her legs were paralyzed.

“Little monk,” she called Meng Qi, hoping that he could overcome his fear and fight. With his left chest being stabbed, Cheng Yong was definitely not in a good state. If Meng Qi could stop him for a few seconds, he might just die automatically.

Seeing that Cheng Yong jumped at him like a devil, whose whole body was soaked in blood and whose eyes emitted a malicious green glow, Meng Qi felt that everything was a nightmare. His legs couldn’t stop trembling.

However, Jiang Zhiwei’s voice brought him back to reality. Recalling Yan Wujiang’s death, the fights and kills that he had experienced, and the happiness he had harvested through practicing Kungfu, Meng Qi felt courage filling up his body. Even though he still couldn’t stop trembling, he gritted his teeth and wielded his blade.

At a time like this, a blade is truly easier to use than a sword!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12: The First Battle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

With an outburst of power stemming from extreme fear and awe, Meng Qi’s blade lashed out towards Cheng Yong. The vigor was so strong; it’s as if a single slash could split a mountain in half.

Cheng Yong raised his palms. Crossing them together, he wanted to fight back the long blade recklessly. His Kungfu was much better than Meng Qi, and so were his sight and the accuracy and timeliness of his moves. However, the movement of his palms triggered the wound on his left chest and accelerated the outflow of blood. Consequently, his palms temporarily lost their strength, and the blade broke through Cheng Yong’s defense, aiming directly at his face.

As a master who had gone through hundreds of battles, Cheng Yong remained calm even in such an emergency. Following the movement of the blade, he voluntarily fell and slid over Meng Qi’s attack by rolling on the floor. On the other hand, Meng Qi didn’t have any battle experience at all and didn’t know that he should follow up with a series of attacks while Cheng Yong rolled on the floor.

Suddenly, Cheng Yong pressed the ground with both of his palms, and like a toad, his right leg kicked backward, pointing directly to where the heart of his enemy is located at.

In the past, this was how he turned the tables and successfully created comebacks in many fights. Now, he wanted to use the same move to finish off the battle.

However, his right leg didn’t encounter anything. Cheng Yong jumped up and saw the weak-looking little monk staring at him in fear. Obviously, the monk was a complete newbie and didn’t have any battle experience.

“Damn!” Cheng Yong cursed in his head. He didn’t expect his ultimate move would fail because his opponent was a Jianghu newbie who missed the chance to follow up. This made him extremely unhappy. After all the fierce moves that he had performed just now, the wound on his chest had become even more severe. As more blood was lost, he started to feel weak and dizzy.

“I need to deal with my wound first.” Even though Cheng Yong became reckless and impulsive after having the Mind-reaving Pill, and was too scared to disobey the commands of the owner of Yin Huang Castle due to the pain the pill could bring, he still possessed some extent of logical reasoning.

At this moment, he knew very well that if he didn’t deal with his wound, after some dozens of breaths, he would lose his consciousness. By then, the little monk would be able to do everything he wanted.

Just as Cheng Yong was about to tear his clothes and wrap up his wound, he suddenly heard a deep roar from the little monk, who ran towards him with another slash!

“Bastard, why didn’t you follow up earlier?” Cheng Yong had no choice but to cope with Meng Qi’s attacks. He tried to end the fight as soon as possible so he could get to his wound.

Jiang Zhiwei sat on the ground and leaned against the stone gate. Meng Qi was like a crazy tiger. Even though his moves were a mess, his strength and the length of his blade gave him an advantage. On the other hand, influenced by his severe wound, Cheng Yong’s Kungfu had become much weaker, and his moves were sluggish. At the time, he wasn’t able to approach Meng Qi by taking advantage of the flaws in Meng Qi’s blade moves.

“Random fists can kill an experienced master…” For some reason, Jiang Zhiwei thought of this old saying. Then an idea popped into her mind, and she yelled, “Top right!”

Although she had lost her strength, she still had good sight, and her eye Aperture was still opened. Therefore, she could easily spot the flaws in Cheng Yong’s movements. Moreover, since Cheng Yong was very slow, she could instruct Meng Qi. Typically speaking, if it were two masters fighting against each other, everything would happen within the blink of an eye, and any instructions given by other people would miss the right timing.

Meng Qi continued the slashes. Seeing that his attacks were as fierce as a tempest, which forced Cheng Yong to remain distant from him, for a second he had the illusion that he had become a master too.

Of course, Meng Qi knew perfectly well that all his moves were a mess. If Cheng Yong weren’t heavily wounded, he would have been killed instantly.

“Top right.” Suddenly, Meng Qi heard Jiang Zhiwei’s voice. However, as this was the first time he experienced an actual combat, and he didn’t have previous experience collaborating with Jiang Zhiwei, he was unable to transform what he heard into a thought, and thus the thought into an action. Therefore, he still followed his own instincts and waved his blade randomly.

On the other hand, Cheng Yong heard Jiang Zhiwei too, so he kneeled down and directly hit towards Meng Qi’s lower abdomen.

After a flash of the blade, blood burst out from Cheng Yong’s left arm, and he stumbled back holding onto his wound.

Then, he jumped up like a carp bouncing out from the water and glared at Meng Qi with extreme anger. A moment ago, when he attempted to hit Meng Qi’s abdomen, he encountered the blade instead, which led to the severe wound on his left arm.

“Didn’t you say ‘top right’?”

Meng Qi looked back at him innocently. It seemed like he understood what happened just now, too, and he said on purpose, “Sorry to disappoint you, but my reaction speed was too slow.”

Cheng Yong was so outraged that he spat out some blood.

“Haha.” Covering her abdomen with her hands, Jiang Zhiwei couldn’t stop laughing. “I knew it! Haha, even if I get killed with this little monk together, I would have died because of laughter!”

Cheng Yong became overwhelmed by fury. He used his right hand to form a finger sword and pointed several times onto his chest. The blood was immediately stopped. Though the wounds were too deep, it was just a temporary relief. After ten breaths, the wounds would burst open again, and he would possibly die immediately. However, he didn’t care. If he continued to badger with this little monk, he would die anyways as time elapsed, or even be killed by extreme anger!

Seeing Cheng Yong’s moves and his resentful expression, Meng Qi put away his smile and became more serious. He knew that within the next few minutes, it would be either life or death. Shrouded by the high-pressure atmosphere, he subconsciously took a step forward and slashed his blade vertically.

Jiang Zhiwei stopped laughing and tried to stand up to help Meng Qi. Nevertheless, Dantian is the foundation for storing Qi. Although her Dantian wasn’t destroyed, there was a considerable injury. For now, she was unable to compile her scattered genuine Qi.

After Cheng Yong temporarily stopped the bleeding from his wounds, he crossed his legs, and with his wounded left arm below, he drew a semicircle in the air with his right hand. It seemed like he wanted to disarm Meng Qi with his bare hands.

Meng Qi knew this wasn’t a desirable situation, so he used all his strength to transform the vertical slash into an inclined one. However, although he successfully dodged Cheng Yong’s right hand, Cheng Yong’s left hand pressed onto the blade. Overwhelmed by the power Cheng Yong exerted, Meng Qi involuntarily took a few steps back.

Given his previous success, Cheng Yong followed up with a series of attacks which continued to counter Meng Qi’s blade. It became increasingly dangerous for Meng Qi. If Cheng Yong didn’t worry about the sharpness of the blade, Meng Qi would have already died under Cheng Yong’s palms.

“I can’t let this continue, or I’ll be the one dead!”

Meng Qi’s eyes turned red. While his hands didn’t stop for a second, hundreds of thoughts flashed through his mind.

“Why haven’t I learned blade arts before? If I knew the basics about blades, given Cheng Yong’s current condition, I would at least be able to defend myself until his wounds burst again or until Jiang Zhiwei recovers. But now, all I can do is to slash around randomly!”

Suddenly, an idea popped into Meng Qi’s mind. He recalled Cheng Yong’s attempt to steal away his blade.

Gritting his teeth and slashing his blade vertically again, Meng Qi glared at Cheng Yong as if he wanted them to die together.

Cheng Yong sneered. With his right hand drawing a circle and his left hand moving upward, he pressed towards the blade. Since Meng Qi had used all the strength he had, he wasn’t able to change the track of the blade.

With the movement of Cheng Yong’s palms, the long blade instantly fell into Cheng Yong’s hands. However, as he exerted power to seize the blade, he felt nothing from the other side. He was competing with nothing but the air!

“Damn!” Cheng Yong immediately lost his balance. At the same time, he saw with astonishment that the little monk solemnly took two steps forward and gave out a punch.

At the moment the blade fell into Cheng Yong’s hands, Meng Qi loosened his right hand and abandoned the weapon!

After this, taking advantage of Cheng Yong’s unguarded chest and stomach, he stepped forward and performed “Black Tiger Stealing Heart”, a move in Luohan Fists, with his left hand!

Bang, Meng Qi’s left fist heavily hit the wound on Cheng Yong’s left chest. Immediately, blood burst out like a fountain and sprayed all over Meng Qi’s head, face, and body.

Cheng Yong gasped for air and uncontrollably retreated back. He looked at Meng Qi with an extremely stupefied and shocked expression.

How could he be killed by a little monk who only knew such little Kungfu?

Cheng Yong fell to the ground, stirring up the dirt on the floor. His eyes remained wide open. He had died with everlasting regret.

“Hahahaha.” Meng Qi burst into laughter as if he had gone crazy. A variety of negative emotions poured out from his heart and accompanied by the blood on his face and body, it made him seem extraordinarily ferocious. “Your father, I, know nothing about blades, but your father knows how to fight with fists! So stupid!”

After releasing all the negative energies he had, Meng Qi breathed heavily. The only thing he could feel now was extreme tiredness.

“Little monk, you have broken the rules. How can you call yourself your fa-fathe…?” With their greatest enemy eliminated, Jiang Zhiwei felt relieved, too. So, she joyfully began to tell jokes. However, she was aware that as a girl, she shouldn’t say dirty words, so she restrained herself from fully saying the term “your father”.

“Buddha would be happy for me that I survived a danger like this, so he wouldn’t blame me…” Meng Qi said calmly, “Ms. Jiang, how is your injury?”

Seeing that Meng Qi wanted to turn around, Jiang Zhiwei quickly stopped him. “Don’t worry about me first. Take my sword and stab his head. We are not sure if he’s dead or just pretending.”

Jiang Zhiwei was well educated about how to deal with situations like this.

Meng Qi nodded and took a few steps back. He kneeled down and picked up Jiang Zhiwei’s sword while staring at Cheng Yong. Then he carefully walked towards Cheng Yong and stabbed at the point between his eyebrows.

Seeing that the sword penetrated Cheng Yong’s head, Meng Qi was completely relieved. Now Cheng Yong was even “deader” than dead!

It wasn’t until now that Jiang Zhiwei had the time to comment, “Little monk, you are pretty talented. Even though this was your first battle, you were able to have a clear grasp of the circumstances and remain calm. You set up traps for your enemy, overcame your own fear, and abandoned your weapon to use bare fists to give him a fatal attack. It’s not impossible that you will become a famous Kungfu master in the future.”

“Hehe.” Hearing compliments from Jiang Zhiwei, who was very skilled at Kungfu, Meng Qi giggled proudly.

Suddenly, the blood on the floor started to wriggle and formed into characters:

“Jiang Zhiwei and Zhen Ding saved Cheng Yong from the pain of being controlled by the Mind-reaving Pill. Each of them will be awarded 10 Karma points for accomplishing this side quest.”

Meng Qi and Jiang Zhiwei looked at each other, and knew that they were thinking about the same thing, “Why would killing him be considered as saving?”

But thinking it over again, being controlled by the Mind-reaving Pill was indeed worse than death!

“There are some mistakes in our previous analysis. If this is the case, where do we look for help?” A slight frown appeared on Jiang Zhiwei’s pretty face. “Or do we not need any help at all?”

Meng Qi said with confusion and worry, “What is the meaning of this side quest then…”

“Maybe there is no meaning at all.” Suddenly, Jiang Zhiwei cried out, “Oh no, Big Sister Qi!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13: Help
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

Right after her cry, the blood on the ground wriggled into new characters:

“Qi Xia saved Ding Changsheng from the pain of being controlled by the Mind-reaving Pill. She will be awarded 10 Karma Points for accomplishing this side quest.”

“Huh?” Meng Qi and Jiang Zhiwei didn’t expect that they would see the notification of other people completing side quests.

“Nice. Big Sister Qi is certainly more alert than I am.” Jiang Zhiwei said happily yet also slightly self-mockingly.

Then she smiled joyfully and said, “Maybe Big Brother Zhang and Qing Jing saw our notification too. Then we don’t need to worry that they would be sneak-attacked by Master Ma and Master Tan.”

“That’s not for sure. Maybe only people that have accomplished the side quests will see the notifications. Otherwise, it would be too easy for people that are still working on them,” Meng Qi said with a frown. He didn’t think the “Owner of the Samsara” would be so kind-hearted. Even though Cheng Yong and the other masters were very skilled at Kungfu, but in his opinion, they were still much weaker than Jiang Zhiwei, Zhang Yuanshan, and the others. Even Qi Xia could kill Ding Changsheng.

Therefore, if they knew the masters were controlled by the Mind-reaving Pill, Zhang Yuanshan and Qing Jing wouldn’t get into trouble even if they acted separately.

Jiang Zhiwei thought it over and also decided that they shouldn’t consider the “Owner of the Samsara” as a good person. She nodded and said, “Let’s meet up with Big Sister Qi first, and then head for the central hall. On our way, we should be alert to any mission-accomplished notification.”

“Eh?” As she spoke, she suddenly realized something weird. “If Cheng Yong and the other three masters were already controlled by the Mind-reaving Pill, why would the owner of Yin Huang Castle still lock them inside secret chambers? I don’t think it’s because he already knew we will come for a quest, so he set up a trap for us beforehand!”

Meng Qi realized that there’s something wrong too. He blurted out, “Unless the trap was not for us!”

Jiang Zhiwei’s lips became white due to her injury. “I think so too.”

She paused for a moment and continued. “Actually I have been confused ever since we have accepted the quest. Why would the four masters intrude Yin Huang Castle when there were only four of them? They could have waited for help. The more people you have, the stronger you are. I don’t think they didn’t understand this reasoning.”

“Maybe they didn’t have time and needed to stop the owner of the castle from carrying out a plan as soon as possible. Also, that plan might be what the owner is trying to do now in the central hall. The four masters took the lead and came here first; while at the same time they wrote letters to their friends, so they could anticipate help and backup. Therefore, maybe many masters will arrive soon after, and the traps were aimed at them.” Meng Qi and Jiang Zhiwei began to speculate the truth behind the incidents.

“No matter what, we would need to accomplish our quest.” Jiang Zhiwei shook her head and stood up by supporting herself on the stone gate.

“Ms. Jiang, how is your injury?” Meng Qi asked with concern. Even though he had just killed Master Cheng Yong, he didn’t become overly proud. He understood clearly that without Jiang Zhiwei, some random men in black could kill him easily. Of course, he also thought about their bond and friendship, which stemmed from fighting side by side and experiencing a life-or-death situation together.

Jiang Zhiwei seemed to have given up on correcting “Ms. Jiang”. She answered with a bitter smile, “No big deal regarding my upper body. However, my lower body is sore and weak. Not to mention running and leaping on walls and roofs, I can barely walk in a normal way. I will need to take some medicine and rest for some days to recover.”

When Cheng Yong attacked, she displayed determination and resolution and chose to fight back with her sword instead of passively defending herself. It was her bravery and smart decision that forced Cheng Yong to restrain his power. For this reason, her injury was much less serious than Meng Qi had expected. She could still fight with her sword, but walking was a big problem as her lower abdomen had been wounded.

“Ms. Jiang, let me carry you on my back and be a substitution for your legs.” Seeing his life as the most important thing, Meng Qi suggested after a little while of thinking.

Jiang Zhiwei was a little bit surprised. Then she said embarrassedly, “Little monk, I owe you this.”

Her word choices made her seem like a Jianghu master who had the highest morality and the most righteous spirit, but on her face, there was a suspicious blush.

Born in modern society, Meng Qi definitely wasn’t as conservative. He teased Jiang Zhiwei cheerfully, “Ms. Jiang, we are Jianghu people. We don’t need to care about trivial etiquette.”

As he spoke, he walked to Jiang Zhiwei and handed over her long sword.

“Of course! Why would you think I don’t know this?” Jiang Zhiwei raised her head and stared at the stone wall above her. Now her white neck turned red too.

Meng Qi turned around and kneeled on the floor. He then felt a body that was much lighter than he had expected.

He held onto Jiang Zhiwei’s legs and slowly stood up in silence. Abruptly, he laughed and said, “Hehe. You are much lighter than the water buckets that I carried.”

Jiang Zhiwei laughed, too. “Were you carrying iron buckets?”

Thanks to Meng Qi’s joke, the atmosphere between them was no longer awkward.

“They were wooden, but there is a difference between carrying on one’s shoulders and on one’s back,” Meng Qi answered honestly.

Jiang Zhiwei replied with a lengthened “Oh”, “True…To be honest, I really feel sorry that I have to make a little child, like you, carry me.”

While they chatted, she waved her sword to adapt to the situation.

Meng Qi stared at her sword, wanting to discover the secret behind her moves. Jiang Zhiwei didn’t stop him and approved his stare. If you didn’t learn the fundamental arts first, the sword moves would just be a decoration. Otherwise, the sword arts of Xi Jian Pavilion would have been easily stolen by other people during fights and battles.

“I think I can utilize 50 to 60 percent of my original strength. It’s pretty much enough.” Jiang Zhiwei concluded after becoming used to the new situation.

All of a sudden, she tapped on Meng Qi’s shoulders and said in a low voice, “Be careful. Someone is coming.”

Meng Qi was very surprised. After a few more breaths, he could hear people walking. He also heard someone talking, “Left three, right four. Don’t mess it up.”

“It seems like even without opening the Ear Aperture, entering the Qi-cultivation phase will improve one’s hearing significantly…” Meng Qi thought to himself.

“Block the gate,” Jiang Zhiwei whispered.

Meng Qi walked forward without hesitating and stood beside the stone gate. He instantly blocked the gang inside the tunnel.

There were seven to eight of them, with everyone wearing light and comfortable clothes. The person in front was a middle-aged scholar. He asked with a hidden weapon in his left hand, “My two young friends, why are you blocking the road? Have you seen Brother Cheng, Cheng Yong?”

At this moment, one of them who looked like a monkey saw Cheng Yong’s corpse through the gap. He began to scream. “Owner Ge, they have killed Master Cheng! I recognize that pair of boots!”

Jiang Zhiwei’s clear voice sounded rather deep. “I am Jiang Zhiwei. I have come with my teacher to help Master Ma.”

The leader of the group, Owner Ge, seemed to be a reasonable person. He raised his hand to stop the people behind him from using their hidden weapons and signaled Jiang Zhiwei to continue.

“After entering Yin Huang Castle, we have captured hostages and known from them that Master Ma and the others are trapped in separate rooms in the castle. Therefore, my teacher ordered us to act separately and save the masters. On the other hand, he has already gone to where the owner of the castle is.”

“I arrived at this room and found Master Cheng behind the stone gate. However, he was already under the control of the Mind-reaving Pill and sneak-attacked me, causing me to bear a severe wound. Due to my counter-attack, Master Cheng was heavily injured as well, and when he attempted to retaliate, Little Brother Zhen Ding finished him off.”

With half of it being true and the other half made-up, Jiang Zhiwei explained their background and what they had experienced.

“How could that be possible?” The monkey-like man said with disbelief. “Little girl, you are so young. Even if you had started to learn Kungfu when you were still in your mom’s womb, you wouldn’t be able to defeat Master Cheng!”

He felt pity in his head that such a beautiful little girl would tell a lie like this.

Jiang Zhiwei didn’t say a word. She straightened her back, pushing out her long sword as fast as a lightning and then retrieved it back.

“What are you doing?” The monkey-like man shouted with anger, astonishment, and confusion.

Owner Ge signaled the man to be quiet and then said with a salute, “The greatest heroes are always the youngsters. Ms. Jiang, your sword techniques are very impressive. Alas, seeing incredibly talented young friends like you make me realize how old I am. May I ask for the name of your teacher?”

“My teacher is Su Wuming. He has lived in seclusion for many years so Owner Ge might not have heard of him before. Um, my teacher had a nickname in the past, “Outer-sky God Sword”, has Owner Ge heard of it before?” Meng Qi caught the glimmer of a smile in Jiang Zhiwei’s eyes. He realized immediately that she was talking about her real teacher, yet these people definitely wouldn’t have heard of him before.

“Su Wuming… I think I have heard this name from Uncle Xuan Xin?”

“I am truly ignorant for not having met such a great hero. Please introduce us to him later, Ms. Jiang.” Owner Ge temporarily puts away his suspicion and decided to deal with it later. He then introduced himself. “I am Ge Chongshan, the owner of Luo Yan Heights. I have gathered many strong helpers after receiving letters from my friends Ma Liang Han, Cheng Yong, and the others. However, we arrived a day late and weren’t able to meet up with them. My two young friends, please allow us to meet our friend for the last time.”

Jiang Zhiwei whispered beside Meng Qi’s ears, “Let them in, but only one by one.”

Meng Qi leaned to one side to let the group in and stared at them with vigilance. After Ge Chongshan and the others entered the secret chamber and started to examine Cheng Yong’s body, he said to Jiang Zhiwei in a quiet voice, “I think I know now. The purpose of the side quest is to make us spend more time here. Only then can we would receive help from other Jianghu masters. If we went to the central hall directly, we would be fighting against the owner of the castle on our own.”

“The traps were aimed at them,” Jiang Zhiwei replied in a similarly quiet voice.

After finishing examining the corpse, and making sure that the wounds matched Jiang Zhiwei’s descriptions, Ge Chongshan said with a sigh, “My two young friends, if it were not you who opened this stone gate first, the person who would be severely wounded or even dead would be me.”

Right after he finished his sentence, he and Jiang Zhiwei simultaneously looked to the outside. From the other secret gate, Qi Xia and a group of swordsmen walked out.

“Big Sister Qi, are you all right?” Jiang Zhiwei greeted her delightedly.

“Brother Liu, where is your brother?” Ge Chongshan asked the person who walked beside Qi Xia.

The person had dark skin and looked like a fisherman. He answered mournfully, “My brother was killed by Ding Changsheng!”

“What?” Ge Chongshan and the others immediately lost their voice.

Qi Xia said with fear, “Little Sister Zhi Wei, I didn’t know that Master Ding was already under the control of the Mind-reaving Pill. If Master Liu didn’t walk in before me, I would not have survived. I was worried about you just now…”

Seeing that Jiang Zhiwei’s face was pale, but her breath was normal, Qi Xia felt relieved.

After the two groups had met up, they headed for the central hall. Only a few men in black blocked their way and were easily taken care of.

During the process, Jiang Zhiwei and Meng Qi practiced their cooperation. Eventually, as soon as Jiang Zhiwei gave orders like “left three, right skewed four, back two”, Meng Qi was able to quickly react and follow the orders. They intentionally kept the orders simple and vague so that only they could understand, and thus preventing enemies like Cheng Yong from changing their moves beforehand.

“It would be better if you understood the Eight Diagrams. Our cooperation is way too simple…” Jiang Zhiwei said with a sigh.

Earlier she had suggested using the Eight Diagrams to indicate directions, so their orders could be more than simply going up, down, left, and right. However, Meng Qi knew little about the Eight Diagrams, and couldn’t learn it thoroughly in a short period of time.

“It’s better than nothing.” Meng Qi comforted her.

Jiang Zhiwei looked around and at Ge Chongshan’s group, who were exploring the path. She then asked with concern, “This is where we have promised to meet up. Why haven’t Big Brother Zhang and the others arrived yet? On our way, we didn’t see any notifications either.”

From Qi Xia, they have confirmed that only people who have accomplished a side quest would see related notifications.

“Don’t worry. Big Brother Zhang is very strong. Nothing will happen to him,” Qi Xia worriedly comforted Jiang Zhiwei.

Bang!

An object flew in from the outside. Jiang Zhiwei pushed out her sword and stabbed it into the ground.

“Ah!” The moment Jiang Zhiwei and Qi Xia saw what the object was, they uncontrollably screamed. Meng Qi was as well extremely shocked and alarmed.

On the grayish stone ground, Qing Jing stared at them with his eyes opened wide, and his brows raised high. His head was the only thing left!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14: Suicide
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

While the echo of Jiang Zhiwei and Qi Xia’s scream could still be heard, a shadow dashed from the stone ceiling above them. With his entire body covered in black, his white hair spontaneously floated in the air, and his face as terrifying as that of a ferocious devil. He used both his hands and feet to clasp the cracks in the stones. Like an agile ape, in a few seconds, he approached Qi Xia, and attacked from above with the posture “The Rabbit-seizing Goshawk”.

The direction in which this person came from was exactly the opposite of the direction that the head of Qing Jing flew in!

Qi Xia had gone through many sneak-attack simulations in Dajiang Gang and had the basic knowledge and awareness to cope with a situation like this. She knew that if anyone threw an unknown object, the first thing to do was to hold her breath in case it was something poisonous, and the second thing to do was to remain alert and observant, in case that the object was just a dummy to divert her attention.

Therefore, although she was truly shocked by the fact that Qing Jing was dead, and she had lost the best timing to defend, she quickly recovered from the shock. Exerting strength onto her legs, she flashed away and dodged the attack which aimed at one of the most vulnerable parts of her body, her head.

Bzzz. A hand covered by an iron gauntlet stabbed deeply into her left shoulder. Then, before the Watershed Rapier could reach him, the “white-haired devil” turned over like a sparrow. Bringing along with him a rain of blood, he landed on the other side.

While Qi Xia fought with this “white-haired devil”, Jiang Zhiwei began to react, too. She said in a low voice, “Left two.”

Meng Qi immediately moved two steps leftward. Instantly, he saw the shine of a sword pouring onto the “white-haired devil”.

Suddenly, a gray shadow rushed in from the direction which the head flew in. The long blade in his hand reflected the light of the torch on the walls and fused it into a dim and yellowish glow. It was pointed directly at Jiang Zhiwei, who could not move conveniently at the time.

Nobody expected the first attack was to also divert their attention!

The long blade slashed towards Jiang Zhiwei’s left shoulder, and also towards the top of Meng Qi’s head.

The shine that poured onto the “white-haired devil” abruptly disappeared. Unnoticed by anyone, the long sword in Jiang Zhiwei’s hand was reversed. Without even looking back, Jiang Zhiwei pointed it directly to the upper-right direction behind her, and it looked like the gray shadow was willingly diving towards the end of the sword.

She was enticing the enemy!

The gray shadow forcibly turned half way around and used his left palm to resist the sword.

The long sword penetrated the center of his palm. However, it was at the same time pushed away, and he successfully dodged a vital attack.

“Jump back two,” Jiang Zhiwei whispered beside Meng Qi’s ears. Even though she spoke very fast, her words could be clearly heard.

In a battle like this, Meng Qi’s little fighting experience was no use at all. The only thing he could do was to repeatedly convince himself to believe in the “expert”, Jiang Zhiwei.

Jumping back two steps, Meng Qi was able to stay balanced thanks to Arhat Fists. On the other hand, Jiang Zhiwei blocked a blade attack from the man in gray. The collision of her sword and the blade gave a crisp sound.

At this time, Ge Chongshan and the others, who went to explore the surroundings, rushed back after hearing noises of the fight.

Seeing this, the “white-haired devil” and the “man in gray” instantly intensified their attacks. Although Jiang Zhiwei had Meng Qi to carry her around, and Meng Qi had just accomplished “Hundred-day Foundation”, he had never learned Qinggong [1] before, so his movements were relatively slow. Moreover, oral commands had its limits and didn’t allow for complicated collaboration. As a result, for most of the time, Jiang Zhiwei could only defend herself and move when it was necessary. At the moment, she and Qi Xia, whose left shoulder was heavily wounded, were in an inferior position.

Following Jiang Zhiwei’s orders, Meng Qi felt the swift and fierce blades and was scared. He subconsciously thought, “Compared to this, the battle that I just had with Cheng Yong was like a fight between two three-year-old!”

After a series of violent attacks, the “white-haired devil” and “man in gray” suddenly jumped back, and left the range where they were fighting. Before Ge Chongshan and the others could arrive, they rushed wildly onto an empty path.

They were using the attacks as an opportunity to escape!

Since Qi Xia and Jiang Zhiwei were in an inferior position and used all their strength in defense, they had no spare energy for pursuit. They could only unwilling watch the two enemies leave.

Suddenly, a long sword pointed out from outside the path. It was as agile as a sly snake, and forced the “white-haired devil” and “man in gray” to retreat and dodge.

“Big Brother Zhang!” Qi Xia saw that the grieved man who held the sword was Zhang Yuanshan.

Jiang Zhiwei said without hesitating, “Front five.”

Meng Qi strode forward and blocked the escape route of the “white-haired devil” and “man in gray”. Jiang Zhiwei pushed her long sword and encircled the “man in gray” into the shine of her sword.

Zhang Yuanshan did not lose his sense despite being extremely sad and indignant. He used his sword to draw circles, one after another, and firmly trapped the “white-haired devil”. Once in a while, his sword also moved like an agile snake and forced the “white-haired devil” into a muddle.

The Watershed Rapier also appeared along with a blue shine. Qi Xia arrived to help Jiang Zhiwei so that the “man in gray” also could not escape.

“Brother Ma! Brother Tan!” Ge Chongshan entered the stone room and immediately recognized the “white-haired devil” and “man in gray”. They were Ma Lianghan and Tan Wenbo, the two masters that had been trapped previously.

The two’s faces were covered by a layer of green mist, and their eyes contained a jade glow. They didn’t speak a word and tried their best to seek out a flaw in the movements of Jiang Zhiwei, Zhang Yuanshan, and the others so that they could escape.

“Sigh.” Ge Chongshan gave a long sigh and joined the fight with the other masters.

Consequently, the combat began to favor one side. After less than ten breaths, the “white-haired devil” Tan Wenbo was penetrated by several long swords and died immediately. On the other hand, Ma Lianghan was injured by swords and blades, and hit by Ge Chongshan’s iron fan, temporarily losing the ability to fight. Ge Chongshan then pointed on several of his vital Aperture points and completely subdued him.

“Who are these young people?” Ge Chongshan asked as he looked to Zhang Yuanshan and Qi Zhengyan, who joined the battle later on.

Jiang Zhiwei sighed and answered, “They are both from the same sect as me. So is the person on the ground.”

Since she had already mentioned Su Wu Ming, it wasn’t necessary to mention the teachers of the others, which might lead to Ge Chongshan’s suspicion. It was normal for people to not know of one hidden master, as it could simply be a coincidence. However, it wouldn’t be normal anymore if there were a lot of names that nobody knew.

“Big Brother Zhang, what happened to you?” The way Qi Xia called Zhang Yuanshan now and before made Ge Chongshan give up the suspicion he had when he saw the difference between their sword techniques. Perhaps that “Sword God” Su Wu Ming knew many different kinds of sword arts and Kungfu and taught his students based on their individual talents and attributes.

Zhang Yuanshan replied with grief, “Brother Qing Jing, Brother Zheng Yan, and I first rescued Master Tan Wenbo. Everything was fine, so we immediately went to where Master Ma Lianghan was trapped. However, when we opened the last stone gate, Master Tan Wenbo suddenly sneak attacked us from behind and assassinated Brother Qing Jing. I was attacked by Master Ma Lianghan from the opposite direction and could not turn around to save him.”

“Brother Qing Jing fought back before he died, and also wounded Master Tan We Bo. With Brother Zheng Yan also risking his life, we finally beat them off. However, when we pursued, we didn’t expect they would lead us in circles! They even returned to the original room and cut off Brother Qing Jing’s head!”

He still used the word “master”, yet his tone was full of resentment.

Even though Qing Jing had tried to trip him and didn’t treat him well, Meng Qi didn’t feel a bit of happiness. Instead, he was sad and sympathetic. Now that Qing Jing was dead, who would be next? Would it be him?

That kind of feeling reached a maximum when he saw Zhang Yuanshan, who was always calm, sober, and cool, became uneasy, anxious, and mournful. They haven’t even met the owner of the Yin Huang Castle yet, and two of their teammates had already died. What would it be like after the final battle?

Ge Yuan Shan and the others silently listened to Zhang Yuanshan’s story. It reminded them of their friend who was killed by Ding Chang Sheng, and triggered their sadness, too.

“My young friend, Zhang, don’t be overly sad. Young friend Qing Jing has died for justice, and we will forever remember them. Please put away your sadness for now, and come with us to the central hall to meet up with your teacher and the others.” Ge Chongshan said with a sympathetic tone.

“True, this cannot be delayed. Let’s go.” Zhang Yuanshan put away his sorrow and regained his calm. He seemed to have become much more mature in a short period of time.

Ge Chongshan nodded. “Ok, Brother Zhang, Brother Zhao, please stay here and watch over Brother Ma. We will come back with the antidote.”

They couldn’t bring Ma Lianghan with them since if someone unlocked his Aperture points, they would have one stronger enemy to fight against.

“Brother Ge, that demon is planning something evil in the central hall, and we can also help. We should be as careful as we can!” Master Zhao said anxiously.

Ge Chongshan sighed. “I know, I know. The more people we have, the more hope we have. However, we can’t leave Brother Ma here, can we? Maybe a man in black will come and rescue him.”

After becoming injured, most of the layer of green mist on Ma Liang Shan’s face had faded away. It seemed that the efficacy of the pill was not as strong as well. He yelled painfully, “Chong Shan, kill me! Kill me!”

Ge Chongshan only used sealing acupoints techniques to limit his internal power, but didn’t limit his ability to move and talk.

“It seems like his self-control has become weaker than that of Master Cheng Yong…” Jiang Zhiwei whispered to Meng Qi while still on his back.

“Perhaps as time passes, it’ll get harder to resist the pill,” Meng Qi guessed.

Ge Chongshan’s hand was shaking. “How could I! How could I?”

If he had killed Ma Lianghan when they fought, he would have regrets but not feel overly pained. Nevertheless, now that he had already subdued Ma Lianghan, he would never kill his friend. It would be an unbearable torture for his soul.

Ma Lianghan took a deep breath and said with all the strength he had, “I, I can’t make it! After having that evil thing, I, I have been living in hell! Chong Shan, kill me! You will be saving me!”

Suddenly, he seemed to have accumulated some strength. He jumped up fiercely and dashed towards a long sword held by a master standing nearby.

The master was completely unprepared. Thinking that it was a sneak attack, he didn’t contract but instead pushed out his sword. The sword penetrated Ma Lianghan’s throat.

Ma Lianghan fell down slowly, and a weak smile appeared on his face.

“Brother Ma!” Ge Chongshan shouted with shock and sadness.

At this time, Meng Qi and Jiang Zhiwei saw that the shadow of the fire on the stone wall started to move like a ghost. It formed into three lines of words.

“Jiang Zhiwei, Zhang Yuanshan, Qi Xia, Qi Zhengyan, and Zhen Ding saved Tan Wenbo from the pain of being controlled by the Mind-reaving Pill. Each of them will be awarded 10 Karma points for accomplishing this side quest.”

“Jiang Zhiwei, Zhang Yuanshan, Qi Xia, Qi Zhengyan, and Zhen Ding saved Ma Lianghan from the pain of being controlled by the Mind-reaving Pill. Each of them will be awarded 10 Karma points for accomplishing this side quest.”

“All side quests have been completed.”

Meng Qi and all the others remained silent. Their mood didn’t become better whatsoever. Even if saving Ma Lianghan was counted towards their credit.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15: Owner of The Castle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

“It seems like they can’t see it?” Jiang Zhiwei whispered to Meng Qi while her left hand pointed to the masters who could also see the stone wall yet had no reaction to the mission notification.

Meng Qi nodded. Zhang Yuanshan laughed bitterly and said in a low voice, “so there’s a notification when you complete a quest…”

Presumably, when they rescued Tan We Bo, Zhang Yuanshan and the others thought that they had already accomplished a side quest. If they knew earlier that there would be a notification, Qing Jing wouldn’t have lost his life.

“If we don’t kill them, the only way for us to complete the side quests might be to find the antidote for the Mind-reaving Pill.” Meng Qi guessed.

Qi Xia sighed. “I hope there won’t be any more accident.”

She teared down a piece of her clothes and bandaged up her left shoulder with the help of Jiang Zhiwei.

Ge Chongshan and the others mourned for a while, and then quickly restrained their emotions. Following the path that they had previously explored, they rushed towards the central hall.

Except for the flaming torches, nothing else could be found in the tunnel. Ge Chongshan, Qi Zheng Yan, Qi Xia, and the others all knew Qing gong, so they made little noise when they ran. Consequently, Meng Qi’s heavy and echoing steps grabbed everyone’s attention.

“Little monk, all of them are looking at you suspiciously.” Suddenly, Jiang Zhiwei laughed and said in a low voice.

Meng Qi replied with a shrug, “I’d also be suspicious if I were them.”

How would it be possible for a “teacher” to bring a weak little monk like him, who was probably even weaker than an ordinary member at Ge Chongshan’s place, to fight with an extremely strong master like the owner of the Yin Huang Castle?

This was not a place for fun!

Except if these people were hiding something!

Facing the front, Jiang Zhiwei said, “After killing the owner of Yin Huang Castle, their next target might be us. We must be careful.”

“No worries. After we finish the mission, the ‘Owner of Samsara’ will probably teleport us right away.” Meng Qi referred to his “past experiences”.

“I hope so.” Jiang Zhiwei’s voice became much more serious. “Little monk, when we fight the owner, are you willing to trust me no matter what happens?”

Meng Qi answered with surprise, “I thought I have always trusted you! If you tell me to move left two steps, I would immediately follow that order.”

He thought Jiang Zhiwei was referring to the quality of their cooperation, and thus felt somewhat wronged. He never questioned her and always acted quickly!

Jiang Zhiwei continued in a low voice. “That’s not what I mean. I mean, if there is a cliff or a mountain of swords in front of you, and I tell you to jump towards them, will you still be willing to trust me, overcome your fear, and jump forward with all the strength you have?”

Meng Qi hesitated. If it was in the past and he was talking to his girlfriend, he would take an oath and say, “you jump, I jump”. However Jiang Zhiwei was obviously talking about the battle that they would fight very soon. It was not just an assumption and thus he could not answer irresponsibly, as an irresponsible answer could easily hinder the battle.

Jiang Zhiwei didn’t prompt for an answer and quietly waited for him.

Meng Qi’s expressions changed dramatically and many times. With a distorted face, he eventually thought about if Jiang Zhiwei failed, he would die as well. Even in the worst case, since he would be carrying Jiang Zhiwei on his back, Jiang Zhiwei wouldn’t tell him to commit suicide.

He gritted his teeth and answered, “Ms. Jiang, I trust you!”

“We are two grasshoppers tied onto the same string anyways!”

“Remember what you said.” Jiang Zhiwei said solemnly, “since you have never learned Qing Gong, your movement won’t be able to keep up with my sword. Therefore, I will mainly focus on defense. However this is not what I’m good at, so I might choose to take some risks when it is necessary.”

After this, she smiled. “You don’t need to worry too much. Maybe the owner will die for some random reasons.”

But Meng Qi couldn’t smile at all. “I hope so.”

On their way, they didn’t encounter any more enemies before they reached the central hall.

The central hall looked like that of a royal palace, and was connected to eight paths that led to other areas in the castle.

Suddenly, the gate of the hall became wide opened. Several bright yellow flowers bloomed in front of the hall. A few dozens of men in black kneeled inside the hall, and a man who wore a bright yellow imperial robe sat on the throne. The man, who was middle-aged and very thin, and had a beautiful beard, sat majestically and said in a clear and loud voice,

“I have been waiting for you since a long time ago!”

Right after he dropped these words, all the men in black suddenly stood up and turned around. All of them had distorted faces, red eyes, and swollen muscles which made their clothes extremely tight.

“Big brother!”

“Uncle!”

“Ming Kang!”

…

These calls were from the masters that came with Ge Chongshan. Clearly, some of the men in black were their old friends.

Hoy hoy… The men in black roared like beasts. Their eyes displayed no rationality whatsoever.

“Devil, what did you do to them?” One of the masters shouted with bitterness.

The owner of the castle rebuked angrily, “Do you have any regard for the superior? How dare you to roar at the sovereign!”

He gradually stood up and pointed at the men in black. “It is their will to turn into beasts and serve as my vanguards! After I wipe out all the rebels, I surely will take care of their descendants, and make sure that all of them live in prosperity and wealth!”

“Bastard!”

“You’re mad!”

Outrageous curses burst out one after another. Ge Chongshan managed to retain his calm and said, “If you hand us the Mind-reaving Pill and its antidote, we can still promise to spare your life!”

There were many punishments that could be worse than death!

“Hahahaha.” The owner used his fingers to form a finger sword and laughed loudly. “These godly pills are granted by heaven. Why would there be an antidote?”

“I am mandated by heaven to have the whole world under my will. Yet since you still choose to disobey me…you shall all die!”

“Granted by heaven…” Suddenly, an idea popped into Meng Qi’s mind.

All the men in black rushed out from the hall at once, and jumped at Ge Chongshan and the others. It could be told from their speed and moves that their Kungfu was not weak at all.

“They all possess the strength to achieve Enlightenment…” Jiang Zhiwei sighed. “If owner Ge and his friends didn’t join us, I don’t know how many of us would die before we can kill the owner of this castle.”

She still seemed to be very confident in her power.

Ge Chongshan and the others could not bear to see their old friends suffer under the influence of the Mind-reaving Pill. Thus they didn’t ask Jiang Zhiwei where her teacher was, and all dashed towards the men in black. Zhang Yuanshan joined them, too. Moving agilely and unpredictably, he magically bypassed the men in black and rushed into the grand hall!

“Zhen Wu Sect’s ‘Eight Diagram God-waking Steps’ are truly amazing.” Jiang Zhiwei complimented. “There is no poison mist here. Let’s sneak into the grand hall from the sides.”

She knew clearly that Meng Qi only knew little Kungfu, and therefore wouldn’t be able to break through the men in black. However, the men in black and the nearly a hundred masters led by Ge Chongshan were busy fighting each other. This created a chance for Meng Qi and Jiang Zhiwei to sneak in without being noticed.

Meng Qi also saw Qi Xia crossing through the battlefield. Knowing that she was planning on helping Zhang Yuanshan, Meng Qi didn’t say anything and ran wildly towards the edge of the square. On the other hand, Qi Zheng Yan was stopped by a man in black and couldn’t get away.

Bang!

Meng Qi had just arrived at the edge of the square when the stone gate dropped down and blocked up the path.

“None of you shall escape from me!” The hands of the owner were ghastly pale. He forcibly caught Zhang Yuanshan’s sword with his bare hands.

“There must be other paths since he is still here himself!” Ge Chongshan yelled aloud to encourage his fellow masters. He then waved his iron fan around, and after enduring two attacks, he broke through into the central hall as well.

Meng Qi dared not to waste more time and ran towards the entrance of the central hall. Under Jiang Zhiwei’s instructions, he successfully crossed through an area that was relatively less of turmoil.

Inside the hall, Ge Chongshan, Zhang Yuanshan, and Qi Xia were sieging the owner of the castle. However they could barely stood against the owner’s ferocious palm attacks. Fortunately, Zhang Yuanshan’s sword formed a Tai Ji and his defense was as steady as a great rock. If not so, Qi Xia, whose left shoulder had been severely wounded, would have been killed already.

Ge Chongshan’s Kungfu level was similar to Zhang Yuanshan’s, and much lower than the owner’s. He was frightened by the owner’s series of attacks, and lost the courage to fight back.

Although Zhang Yuanshan excelled in swordsmanship and used a variety of magical moves, yet the owner’s palms were truly fierce. Moreover, the owner was at a much higher Kungfu level than Zhang Yuanshan, and could use his strength to break through Zhang Yuanshan’s techniques. He therefore steadily prevailed the fight.

“Big brother Zhang is better at defense, and hasn’t finished learning the Zhen Wu Sword Arts. Otherwise, the owner wouldn’t be able to attack so impatiently.” As Meng Qi went closer, Jiang Zhiwei commented in a low voice. She then sent out her long sword, which caught the owner’s left palm.

Seeing this as an opportunity, Zhang Yuanshan pointed directly to the owner’s chest with his sword, which moved like a long snake coming out from a cave. This forced the owner to retrieve his palms and defend.

Since the battle started, it was the first time that the owner was forced to act so passively. Jiang Zhiwei’s sword became increasingly fast and agile, and her attacks were like a terrifying flood. With the help of Zhang Yuanshan, Ge Chongshan, and Qi Xia, she successfully suppressed the owner.

Suddenly, the owner gave a disdaining snort, and began to move.

Through the short battle that they just had, he had already detected Jiang Zhiwei’s weakness- Meng Qi’s speed.

As expected, as he continued to attack, Meng Qi and Jiang Zhiwei soon found themselves in a very disadvantageous position. Even though Jiang Zhiwei knew how to avoid the attacks, and Meng Qi always followed her instructions without hesitation, yet it cost some time for Jiang Zhiwei to speak, and thus they couldn’t perform anything that was relatively complicated.

As a result, Jiang Zhiwei was forced to focus on defense rather than attack, and warded off most of the owner’s attacks with the help of Zhang Yuanshan. On the other hand, Ge Chongshan and Qi Xia counter attacked the owner, and the two parties fought head to head in a deadlock.

Dang Dang Dang. The swords created crisp sounds as they hit the owner’s pale palms; it was as if they had collided with iron. Meng Qi listened to the sounds, and suddenly felt extremely agitated. His legs also became limp and sore.

“Poison!” The face of Zhang Yuanshan, who was the first one to fight the owner, had become grayish and pale. Ge Chongshan and Qi Xia also became slower.

Immediately, the owner prevailed in the battle. He laughed in triumph. “They have turned into poisonous monsters! In front of the hall there are also poisonous flowers, and the combination of the two is a perfect union made by heaven!”

“After killing you, nobody will ever resist me again in Jianghu!”

The masters who came with Ge Chongshan began to feel desperate as they watched the men in black became increasingly ferocious even if their skin was festering. They didn’t imagine that there could be such a stealthy way to install poison.

“You bastard! I will kill you even if it costs my own life!” Ge Chongshan shouted with grief and anger.

At this moment, Meng Qi, who was extremely angry and scared, suddenly heard Jiang Zhiwei say in a calm and peaceful voice,

“Jump forward.”

“Jump forward?” The owner’s iron palms were right in front of them, and could kill them right away!

But Meng Qi remembered the conversation he had earlier with Jiang Zhiwei. In his head, countless thoughts collided with one another, and within less than a second he thought of Yan Wujiang and Qing Jing’s death, and about how he would be easily killed after being taken over by the poisonous mist. He also thought back to the peaceful life he had once had, and thought about the unexplainable experiences he had in this universe…

All of these thoughts converged into a sturdy determination to give in all he had.

“Damn it, I am going for it!”

With the muscles on his face distorted, Meng Qi jumped at the owner of Yin Huang Castle with all the strength he had.

During the process, he had his eyes widely open, and glared at the owner’s palms. Even if what waiting for him was purely death, he must see with his own eyes how he would die!

Suddenly, a bright shine of a sword flashed by, and occupied Meng Qi’s entire sight. He could no longer see anything else.

“What a beautiful shine…” Meng Qi subconsciously thought.

The masters who had been fighting with the men in black abruptly felt that something subtle had changed around them. Raising their eyes, they saw a shine of a sword, which was like an agile eagle flying from outer sky that forced them to ignore everything other than the shine itself.

As the shine disappeared, Meng Qi saw a long sword stabbing directly into the owner’s forehead. The owner’s iron palms pressed on Meng Qi’s chest, yet Meng Qi didn’t feel any power at all.

Unable to stop his move, Meng Qi bumped the owner onto the floor. With Jiang Zhiwei on his back, he finally steadied himself after a few rolls.

Not until now did he realize that the owner of Yin Huang Castle was still smiling. The only thing that had changed was that his pupils contracted, and seemed as if they contained enormous panic and disbelief.

Meng Qi looked down at Jiang Zhiwei. Her right hand was trembling violently and not at all like a hand for holding a sword. Then, Meng Qi heard her breathing deeply.

“One of the nine fatal moves of Swordplay Sutra of Supremacy?”

“‘Sword from Anatta’, I can’t believe that she learned this move!”

Qi Xia and Zhang Yuanshan mumbled with extreme astonishment.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16: Meng Qi’s ‘Ideal’
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

Ge Chongshan, who had witnessed the move right beside them, had the same face as that of the owner’s. His expression froze, and his pupils contracted to the size of a needle’s point, but in contrast to the owner, he could still mumble in great disbelief, “What did I just see? What did I just see…?”

“Even a god wouldn’t be more amazing than that!” he yelled out in his head.

This was also what all the other masters were thinking. The sword move that they had just witnessed was comparable to a ferocious eagle diving from the sky, or a mystic dragon reaching out with its claws. Nobody could capture its trace, yet everyone could feel its power!

All of them kept thinking back to the details of the sword move, yet all they remembered was the bright and attention-grabbing shine of the sword, which was as memorable as if it had directly stabbed into their hearts. Also, it felt like the move had gained the entire universe’s respect.

For some reason, a thought flashed through Ge Chongshan’s head.

“‘Outer-Sky God Sword’, ‘Outer-Sky God Sword’, now I understand! With such amazing sword arts, it’s no wonder he is given the name ‘Outer-Sky God Sword'”!

At the same time, because the owner of the Yin Huang Castle had died, the men in black, who had turned into “poisonous beasts”, became even crazier. Their bodies also festered at a much faster speed. Nobody could control the situation, and everything was in a chaos.

As a master who had entered Jianghu many years ago, Ge Chongshan immediately reacted. He shouted out, “The devil has been defeated! The poison mist will only take away our strength. If we kill these ‘poisonous beasts’ quickly enough, we will all be completely fine!

“My brothers, let me help you!”

After calming his friends, he rapidly ran forward and attacked a man in black from behind with his iron fan, aiming to end the battle before he lost more of his strength.

On the other hand, Meng Qi heard a magnificent yet icy voice.

“The owner of Yin Huang Castle has been killed. Main quest completed. Everyone will be awarded 50 Karma points. Now you shall return.”

All of a sudden, all Meng Qi could see was complete darkness. The silence that surrounded him gave him a weird feeling.

Then a white light took over his sight, and the white jade square which looked like a pavilion of a goddess reappeared before him.

“Wow, we immediately returned just as I expected…”

Meng Qi felt somewhat happy. Being familiar with a “samsara universe” like this was one of his few advantages. As a person who knew little Kungfu, this prevented him from feeling inferior when facing his companions.

“Mission completed. You can have a free healing.”

A milky white ray of shine sprinkled on Meng Qi, making him feel very warm and comfortable. It was like bathing in a hot spring, and all the tiredness and soreness that he had disappeared. He was refilled with vigor and became very energetic.

“Wow, how can my wound be healed so quickly?”

Qi Xia was amazed. She was also bathing in the milky white light, and her left shoulder, which had been badly mutilated, recovered at a speed that could be clearly observed by the human eye. In a few seconds, she became fully healed.

Jiang Zhiwei stood up in another ray of light, shaking her legs. With astonishment and delight, she said, “I’m fully healed too. I don’t think anything else, even the Recover Pill from Shaolin Temple can be as effective as this.”

“Perhaps only a god or goddess at the Dharmakaya level can heal such an injury so quickly.” Zhang Yuanshan checked his Qi and realized that the poisonous mist that he had breathed in was gone. “Unfortunately I’ve never seen such a godlike being in a fight before, so I can’t make a comparison.”

Meng Qi had heard from Xuan Xin that the largest sects currently in Jianghu had all had disciples that eventually attained “Dharmakaya”. However, there was little reliable evidence, and the sects didn’t own godlike people at all times. In fact, most of the time, most of the sects didn’t have such disciples, and these sects included Zhen Wu Sect, Xuan Tian Sect, Xi Jian Pavilion, Dajiang Gang, and so on.

For this reason, Zhang Yuanshan and the other talented disciples had never seen a Dharmakaya master in a battle before. And also why, Shaolin, which had a “Dragon-Yielding Luohan”, became the implied leader of Jianghu in Great Jin Dynasty.

Of course, even though the other great sects did not have Dharmakaya level masters, they still had long histories and could not be underestimated. More or less, these sects owned impressive godly weapons, which were handed down by the previous Dharamakaya masters of these sects, or were discovered by pure luck.

If a master at the peak of the Exterior Realm tried his very best, the power of these godly weapons could be comparable to the Dharmakaya. For example, “Blade of Timeshadow” owned by Xuan Tian Sect, which was suspected to be cast by the Heaven Sovereign, was considered even by the mysterious “Owner of Samsara” to be one of the ten greatest godly weapons.

Thanks to the godly weapons, the greatest sects could protect themselves from enemies and maintain prosperity even without Dharmakaya masters. However, if the sects became corrupted from the inside and didn’t even have masters at the peak of the Exterior Realm, then the godly weapons might fall into the hands of outsiders. In the past two to three thousand years, many great sects had perished or retrogressed because of this reason.

From what Xuan Xin, Zhang Yuanshan, Jiang Zhiwei, and the others had said, Meng Qi had a general understanding of the cultivation levels in this universe: “Hundred-day Foundation” came first, before “Qi Cultivation in Ding”.

After one hundred Qi Vessels were fully opened and Qi cultivation reached a certain level, the person would start to exercise his internal organs and Aperture points. This was called the “Enlightenment” phase, in which the person needed to open his Nine Innate Apertures.

After this came the “Exterior Realm”, which Meng Qi didn’t know much about yet. If a person successfully passed the “Exterior Realm”, then he would enter the “Dharmakaya Realm” and be considered to be similar to an Earth God.

There were also different types of Dharmakaya, Tao, and Golden Bodies, such as the Golden Body of Luo Han, the Golden Body of Buddha, and the Golden body of Bodhi, the Tao of Tai Shang, the Dharmakaya of Tai Ji, and etcetera.

It is said that the difference in power between different levels of Dharmakayas is unimaginably huge, but for people that have not reached the “Dharmakaya Realm”, all Dharmakayas are similarly omnipotent and undefeatable.

Meng Qi didn’t know if there were higher levels beyond the “Dharmakaya Realm”.

The white shine gradually vanished as the “Owner of Samsara” spoke again in his cold and magnificent voice, “From now on, every time you accomplish a “samsara quest”, if the main quest is completed, then you will be given a free treatment regardless of the seriousness of your wounds. No Karma point will be needed. However, if you fail to complete the main quest, then other than the corresponding punishment, you will also need to pay a certain amount of Karma points in order to obtain the treatment. The more serious wounds you have, the more Karma points it will cost. You can look up the Item List for the specific prices.”

“Well, this is fair…” Qi Zheng Yan mumbled. Even though he was a taciturn person, he felt somewhat excited.

Meng Qi nodded. If they got injured during a quest, it should be considered as a “job injury”. Therefore, if they completed the quest, the injury should be “reimbursed”.

Thinking it through, Meng Qi suddenly felt frightened.

“The ‘Owner of Samsara’ seems to be so omnipotent. If I continue to think about strange things that do not belong to this universe, will he know? What if my identity as a ‘time-traveler’ becomes exposed…?”

He sighed. There was nothing impossible for the “Owner of Samsara”. Since he was already brought to such a weird place without notice, maybe his memory had already been examined a long time ago.

“Sigh, maybe he already knows everything…”

Since he couldn’t change the past, Meng Qi began to seek joy amidst sorrow.

“For people like Ge Chongshan, we are all ‘time-travelers’. There is nothing weird about being a ‘time-traveller’!”

“Only Jiang Zhiwei obtained an ‘above average’ as the evaluation of the ‘Yin Huang Castle’ mission; all others are ‘average’ and will not receive any extra rewards. Jiang Zhiwei does not meet the requirements for a draw either, and will only be rewarded 10 extra Karma points.”

What the “Owner of Samsara” said surprised everyone. They didn’t know that beyond the ordinary Karma point rewards; there were also extra rewards and draws!

Suddenly, a jade book appeared in front of each of them respectively.

“This is a copy of the exchange lists, which will also record the number of Karma points you have. After making your decisions, go to the light beam at the center for exchange. The jade book must be left here, but for everything else, you can decide whether to keep it here or to bring it back to your own world.”

Right after the “Owner of Samsara” finished these words, five white jade doors immediately appeared beyond the sculptures of mythical creatures that surrounded Meng Qi and the others. Each of their names was written on one of the doors.

“Is there any, eh, magical instruments that can store items and be carried around?” Meng Qi asked according to his “experiences”.

“You will need to exchange for that yourself. It is on the Item List.”

While the “Owner of Samsara” was talking, the jade book in front of Meng Qi flipped automatically, and stopped when it showed:

“Space Ring, wondrous item, the simplest space item, exchange price: 3000 Karma points.”

Meng Qi looked at the upper left corner of the jade book, which showed his Karma points- “80”. He decided to forget about what he had just said.

“Now, you can start the exchange.”

After finishing this sentence, the “Owner of Samsara” did not speak again, and the entire white jade square was filled with silence.

Meng Qi was very excited.

“Finally, now I can exchange for some advanced Kungfu!”

The life he had in the Chores Yard gave him an urge to learn Kungfu. He would not resign to being an ordinary char monk for his entire life!

“What should I exchange for?”

Meng Qi had heard of too many godly Kungfu and arts, so his mind was a mess. He anxiously began to read through the Kungfu List.

“Six Meridians Supersword, full edition, exchange price, 1300 Karma points.”

“Minor Signless Force, full edition, exchange price, 1200 Karma points.”

“North Underworld Force, full edition, exchange price, 1500 Karma points.”

…

“Catalog of the God of War, full edition, exchange price: 2100 Karma points.”

…

Perhaps it was because he had spaced out; Meng Qi only saw Kungfu arts that he was familiar with.

Irritated by the numbers in front of him, he gradually recovered from his previous excitement. He smiled bitterly and said with self-mockery, “Why did I look at the Kungfu for ‘Exterior Realm’? It’s for sure that I won’t have enough Karma points!”

At the same time, he flipped through the pages and saw that Star Absorption Force was among the Enlightenment Phase Kungfu, and cost 500 Karma points. He saw many other Kungfu that he was familiar with as well.

He thought secretly, “Most of the Kungfu that appeared in the works of Jin Yong were included in the Enlightenment Phase. Only the Kungfu of Xiao Yao Sect, Six Meridians Supersword, and a few others are included in the Exterior Realm. Even so, they are the cheapest ones compared to other Exterior Realm Kungfus .”

“On the other hand, all of the strongest Kungfu that appeared in Huang Yi’s works are considered to be Exterior Realm Kungfu. It seems like the qualification for an Exterior Realm Kungfu is the ability to communicate with nature and utilize nature’s power…”

The Shaolin Kungfu that appeared in Jin Yong’s works was marked with the word “ordinary”. On the other hand, Kungfu unique to this universe were not. Yet it was said that they could be obtained by evolving and advancing “ordinary” Kungfu.

“What should I exchange for?” Meng Qi mumbled the same words again.

Because he was excited by the many great Kungfu he saw, he began to picture a future self in his imagination.

“Hmm, I must wear a shirt that is whiter than snow, and my sword will look like a beam of light. I will ride on a precious horse, and moonlight will scatter on me as if it is my cloak. When I move on water, it will seem like I’m walking on plain ground, and one move of my sword will defeat even the strongest enemies. I’ll be as cool as I want, and as handsome as I want!”

Meng Qi immersed in his imagination and nearly started to drool. He decided secretly that he would strive towards this image.

Suddenly, a beautiful voice arose beside his ear. “Little monk, have you decided what to exchange for?”

“Nope.” Meng Qi immediately sat up straight and looked at Jiang Zhiwei seriously. “How about you, Ms. Jiang?”

“Neither have I.” Jiang Zhiwei shook her head. “The things that I can exchange for now are kind of useless for me. But I need 20 more Karma points to exchange for the one that I want.”

“Ah, so she wants to borrow money, no, borrow Karma points from me?”

Meng Qi hesitated.

“Should I lend, or not lend? If I lend her my points, then I will have 60 left and what I can exchange for becomes very limited. But if I refuse to lend her my points, I’ll feel so bad thinking back to all the things we’ve experienced together and how she had looked after me. If I’m friendly to her, then during the next mission I’ll definitely be safer. However, if I irritate her, then during the next mission she could kill me very easily just by using a small trick.”

“Sigh; this is why borrowing money has been a great difficulty for all since the ancient times!”

Meng Qi sighed softly. At first, he wanted to “play dead” and see what would happen. But after he thought about the personality and ethics Jiang Zhiwei had displayed, and the Kungfu and background she had, he blurted out, “A dollar borrowed will be a hundred in the future!”

Jiang Zhi burst out laughing. “You’re so young. Where did you learn these nonsenses?” Then she beamed with a smile and wittily made a salute. “Thank you for your kindness. But how can I borrow from a poor monk like you? I only want to give you some suggestions so that you won’t pick the wrong Kungfu.”

“Please make your suggestions, Ms. Jiang.” Hearing that he didn’t need to lend “money”, Meng Qi relaxed and saluted by cupping one hand in the other before his chest.

“Little monk, you should do this instead, and be conscious that you are an ascetic.” Jiang Zhiwei put her palms together. “To be honest, you need to exchange for a lot of Kungfu before you can learn to somehow fight on your own. Even if we compile all the Karma points we have, they won’t be enough for you. So the only thing we can do is to do it step by step.

“You’ve never learned Qing Gong before. In the future, if we encounter enemies, you won’t even be able to dodge. Also, if we need to hurry, or if we need to climb mountains and cross forests, you definitely won’t be able to catch up with us. By then, if the situation is urgent, it’s for certain that we won’t be able to wait for you. Therefore, you must learn a type of Qing Gong.

“Secondly, you will need to exchange for a protective external Kungfu, for example Iron Cloth. This will massively improve your chances of survival.

“These are the two most important things. If you’ll be left with some Karma points, exchange for a basic blade art. Blade fundamentals are easier to learn than the sword. This will help you to enhance your ability to fight in a real battle in a short period. After all, none of us know when the next “samsara mission” will begin.”

“Iron Cloth, blade art…”

The image of a black-skinned, rough-looking man who had very thick shoulders and carried a long blade popped into Meng Qi’s mind.

“This couldn’t be my future self, could it? This is different from my ‘ideal’! This is not the style I want!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17: Exchange
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

Even though Meng Qi was very reluctant, his rationality forced him to agree with Jiang Zhiwei. After exchanging for a Qing Gong, a protective external kungfu, and a blade technique, as well as working hard on practicing these three kungfu, he would become much stronger and completely different from whom he was now.

“I agree with little sister Jiang.”

Zhang Yuanshan walked towards them, and Qi Xia and Qi Zhengyan followed him.

“Big brother Zhang, you’ve already exchanged?” Jiang Zhiwei asked with surprise. She hadn’t seen Zhang Yuanshan walk towards the light beam.

Zhang Yuanshan smiled. “Not yet. I thought back to what the “Owner of Samsara” had said at the beginning, and realized that he mentioned about teammates. I’m guessing that maybe we will be in the same team for the next mission as well. Therefore, I asked little sister Qi and little brother Zheng Yan to come with me. I hope we can have a quick meeting together before we exchange for the things we want. If we work together, we can think of a way to improve everyone’s strength most effectively, thus increasing the possibility of successfully accomplishing the next mission, and avoiding what happened to brother Qing Jing and Censer Host Yan.”

He seemed somewhat depressed.

Meng Qi slightly nodded. He had to admit that Zhang Yuanshan had all the qualities of a great team leader. He was a comprehensive thinker, took care of every detail, and gave consideration to everyone’s emotions.

Zhang Yuanshan looked at Meng Qi and said, “Qing Gong and protective external kungfu are the most important things for you, little brother Zhen Ding. Especially Iron Cloth, which isn’t just a protective external kungfu, but also includes a basic internal kungfu which can help you condense your preliminarily Dantian. Furthermore, it will give you the fundamentals to practice ‘The Unbreakable Jin Gang’, ‘Golden Bell Shield’, and other Shaolin kungfu in the future.”

“Ok, thank you, big brother Zhang and Ms. Jiang. I will follow your suggestions,” Meng Qi answered with gritted teeth. Even though this was completely different from his dream self, for now, his main priority was to keep himself alive.

Zhang Yuanshan nodded and looked at Jiang Zhiwei. “Little sister Jiang, I heard that you need 20 more Karma points? Are you thinking about exchanging for the Heavenly Acumen Pill?”

Hearing the name “Heavenly Acumen Pill”, Qi Xia’s expression showed that she had the same thought as Zhang Yuanshan. Qi Zhengyan seemed very excited, as if he had yearned for this pill for a long time.

“Yes, Heavenly Acumen Pill. It costs 110 Karma points.” Jiang Zhiwei didn’t feel surprised at Zhang Yuanshan’s accurate guess since she knew that his first choice would be the same as hers. “I’ve finished condensing the nine Apertures related to the ear Aperture, and I’m only half a step away from opening the Aperture of my ears. Originally, I wanted to open the Aperture through my own hard work, but since time doesn’t wait, I need to be as quick as possible. I hope there will be a considerable gap between missions in the future so that I can make up for this.”

Suddenly, the voice of the “Owner of Samsara” arose. “The gap between missions will range between one month to three or five years.”

“How about our next mission?” Zhang Yuanshan asked loudly.

“You need 500 Karma points to exchange for this information.”

The “Owner of Samsara” was as cold-blooded as usual.

Jiang Zhiwei sighed with relief. Seeing that Meng Qi seemed completely confused, she explained to him kind-heartedly, “When you want to open an Aperture point, you can rely on the help of specific medicines. However the medicine will only be effective once, and the next time you would have to use a stronger medicine. For example, if I use the ‘Heavenly Acumen Pill’ to open my ear Aperture, the next time when I want to open my nose Aperture, I won’t be able to use the “Heavenly Acumen Pill’ anymore. I will have to use a pill that is as strong as the ‘Pill of Heavenly Vision and Earthly Hearing’. This will cost at least 260 Karma points.

“Even Xi Jian Pavilion doesn’t have a large storage of pills like this. If I’ll want to get one, I’ll need to make a corresponding level of contributions, or ask a teacher to share his personal items with me.

“However, if it’s not an emergency, you better not rely on medicines. More or less, there will be some sequala, and you will need to make up for them by hard work. Otherwise, it will be much more difficult for you in the future to break through a realm. Of course, the lower the realm, the easier it is to make up for the sequala.”

Qi Zhengyan suddenly sighed. “For an ordinary person like me, if I want to achieve enlightenment and open the Apertures, my only hope may be to rely on these medicines. If I hadn’t entered this “samsara world”, how would it even be possible for me to obtain a Heavenly Acumen Pill…?”

With no doubt, as time passed, many Jianghu people like him also gained opportunities to achieve enlightenment as they accumulated experience. However, they might already be 30 or 40 years old by then, and not much time would be left for them to break through to the next stage.

Hearing what Qi Zhengyan just said, Meng Qi felt as if he had found an understanding friend. It seemed like Qi Zhengyan was also at the bottom level in his sect and didn’t have any hope of making progress. In this “samsara world”, there was danger, but there were also many opportunities!

“Hehe, it says clearly on the Item List that the “Owner of Samsara” can help you increase your internal power, fill up your Apertures, open your Apertures, and even break through a realm. But the prices would be much higher than the medicines.” Qi Xia smiled.”Do you want him to do everything for you?”

Jiang Zhiwei said with a serious expression, “Things given by others can be easily taken away, too. Only things that belong to you can be relied upon till the very end.”

Qi Zhengyan nodded, seeming very calm. It couldn’t be said whether he had truly listened or not.

Zhang Yuanshan meditated for some time, and then said, “Little sister Jiang, I can lend you 20 Karma points to exchange for the Heavenly Acumen Pill.”

He made a gesture with his right hand to stop Jiang Zhiwei from speaking, and continued, “I haven’t yet filled up two of the Apertures related to the ear Aperture. If I continuously rely on medicines or the “Owner of Samsara”s’ power, in the future, there might be hidden troubles that I will not be able to solve. Therefore, I want to do it in a steady way. Moreover, you are stronger than me, so an increase in your power would be more helpful for us compared to an increase in mine. Hehe, I didn’t expect that you would be able to learn ‘Sword from Anatta’. Uncle Su had to open four Apertures before he could use this move!”

“‘Sword from Anatta’ is one of the nine killing moves in Swordplay Sutra of Supremacy. It is a Dharmakaya level kungfu, and the kungfu that my teacher is famous for. I only got to comprehend a little of it, and even my teacher won’t be able to say that he mastered this move,” Jiang Zhiwei deliberately explained in detail, knowing that Meng Qi had shallow knowledge about kungfu.

Meng Qi looked down at the jade book, which flipped as Jiang Zhiwei spoke. The book stopped at the page that showed “Sword from Anatta”:

“Sword from Anatta, one of the nine greatest killing moves of Swordplay Sutra of Supremacy, exchange price, 18700 Karma points.”

Meng Qi couldn’t help but feel astonished.

“It’s not even a major part of the kungfu! It’s only one move, and it already costs so much! The successors of great kungfu sects are truly bestowed by nature!”

“No matter how, after opening your ear Aperture, you won’t lose all your strength after using the move anymore,” Zhang Yuanshan said honestly.

Jiang Zhiwei asked, “How about you, big brother Zhang? What are you planning to exchange for?”

Meng Qi secretly admired how Zhang Yuanshan had just acted. He also felt somewhat fortunate.

“Thank God I didn’t refuse to lend Jiang Zhiwei my Karma points. Otherwise, Zhang Yuanshan’s generosity would create a great contrast between us, and everybody would think I’m a stingy and mean monk…”

Suddenly, Meng Qi heard Jiang Zhiwei’s voice, which was as small as a mosquito’s hum. “For successors of great kungfu sects like us, we usually have a lot of resources. Therefore we can be very generous about our Karma points. It’s like when there is a person that desperately needs help, a wealthy friend who has 1000 taels gives him 1 tael, and a very poor friend who only has 1 tael gives him 0.1 tael. Even though the two friends are both kind-hearted, but clearly the latter friend’s character and friendship would be much more worth my admiration.”

“Haha!”

Meng Qi became happy at once. He didn’t know that he had unconsciously built up a moral and noble image for himself.

But his happiness immediately turned into alarm.

“Why didn’t anyone else react to Jiang Zhiwei?”

Jiang Zhiwei chuckled. “I’m transmitting my voice directly into your ears. Even though I’ve not yet opened the mouth Aperture, I can do it through my internal power. The reason that I didn’t use this previously was because I was injured and it was difficult for me to control my internal power. I had to focus on fighting with my sword.”

Zhang Yuanshan certainly couldn’t hear what Jiang Zhiwei had said to Meng Qi. He answered with a smile. “Just like little sister Jiang had said before, I’m better at Tai Ji defense and cannot utilize its offensive power. Zhenwu’s Seven Strokes Scripture is very profound and difficult to comprehend, and I cannot break through the limits of my current level in a short period of time. Therefore, I found another sword art that focuses on attack. Of course, currently I can only exchange for one of the moves.”

“Um, which sect is the sword art from?”

Hearing the word sword, Jiang Zhiwei was extremely excited.

“‘Sword-enshrining Tower’. The move is called ‘Shadowing the Heaven and Shrouding the Earth’, which is from the 108 Swords of The Incomplete Heaven and Fragmented Earth. Hehe, actually if we’re talking about offense, the sword techniques of Xi Jian Pavilion are absolutely the best. However since little sister Jiang is here with us, I cannot be so shameless and exchange for a Xi Jian Pavilion kungfu.”

Zhang Yuanshan smiled.

Sword-enshrining Tower was a sect from the North Zhou Dynasty. It was one of the Six Sword Sects, and had always been considered an equal to Xi Jian Pavilion.

Jiang Zhiwei thought about it and said, “The 108 Swords of The Incomplete Heaven and Fragmented Earth is derived from Sword-enshrining Tower’s fundamental sword art 13 Swords of Denial of Life, and is a sword art that aims for the opponent’s death. I will have to learn from big brother Zhang in the future if there is a chance. By the way, thank you for the Karma points, big brother Zhang.”

Meng Qi quietly looked at the jade book and discovered that the 108 Swords of The Incomplete Heaven and Fragmented Earth was a sword art that belonged to the Exterior Realm. It cost 6000 Karma points, but if it was separated into the main part and the different moves, then the main part would cost 1000 Karma points, while the moves would cost from 40 to 60 Karma points each. The move that Zhang Yuanshan had chosen cost 50 Karma points, which was exactly how much he had left.

“I feel much honored that little sister Jiang is willing to accept my Karma points,” Zhang Yuanshan said cheerfully. “Therefore, don’t worry about that ‘a dollar lent will be 100 dollars returned in the future’, and just give me back the same amount after our next mission.”

Both Jiang Zhiwei and Qi Xia started to giggle. Meng Qi raised his head awkwardly and looked at the white clouds that floated in the sky.

“What if I die during the next mission?” Jiang Zhiwei asked jokingly.

Zhang Yuanshan shook his head and smiled. “Then I’ll take that as the result of me not being able to correctly judge your power and strength.”

Jiang Zhiwei said nothing more and turned her head towards Meng Qi. “Little monk, have you chosen the kungfu that you want to exchange for?”

Meng Qi nodded and pointed at the jade book. “According to big brother Zhang and Ms. Jiang’s suggestions, I have decided to exchange for the scripts of Shaolin Iron Cloth, Eight Divine Steps, and Blade Art of Five Tigers Cracking the Gate, which are 30 Karma points, 20 Karma points, and 30 Karma points respectively. Actually, I want to exchange for the first three levels of Golden Bell Shield, but they will cost me 120 Karma points, so I will have to wait until next time.”

He was referring to Shaolin’s unique technique “Golden Bell Shield”. The first four levels of this technique belonged to the Qi-cultivation phase and required 20, 40, 60, and 100 Karma points respectively. Although other types of “Golden Bell Shield” were cheaper, they were not as effective. After all, if a person could accomplish all 12 levels of the Golden Bell Shield that Meng Qi was talking about, he could attain the “Jin Gang Dharmakaya”, and nothing would be able to hurt him anymore!

Iron Cloth was an easy-to-learn kungfu derived from Golden Bell Shield, and had similar effects as the first three levels of Golden Bell Shield. Shaolin kungfu required the learner to have steady fundamentals and improve step by step; only after accomplishing the first three levels, the learner could withstand the attacks of ordinary weapons.

Therefore, as someone who needed to improve in a short period of time, Meng Qi eventually chose to exchange for Iron Cloth rather than only the first level of Golden Bell Shield. Nevertheless, Iron Cloth could be evolved into Golden Bell Shield, so Meng Qi decided to learn Golden Bell Shield from the beginning again in the future to make up for the potential imperfections of an easy-to-learn kungfu.

It was a careful choice, and the kungfu Meng Qi had picked used up exactly all of his Karma points. Actually, Meng Qi wanted to exchange for Hundred Divine Changes, which Wei Xiaobao had learned, however, as a kungfu that could help even a person who knew little kungfu to escape from danger many times, this Qing Gong was definitely extraordinary. Even though it was created in the end phase of kungfu creation, it was considered one of the strongest kungfu in the Qi-cultivation phase, and cost 100 Karma points. Therefore, Meng Qi gave up with disappointment.

Fortunately, he discovered Eight Divine Steps, and its description said that it was a simplified version of Hundred Divine Changes. If the learner was extremely talented, it was even possible for him to directly comprehend Hundred Divine Changes through learning Eight Divine Steps.

“Exchange for scripts? Do you have time to practice?” Qi Xia suddenly asked.

Meng Qi shook his head and frowned. “If I have one year, there won’t be a problem. But Eight Divine Steps is easy to learn if you are smart enough. So maybe I can finish learning the fundamentals in one month. As for the basic blade techniques, I just want to learn the fundamentals first, so I would say one month would be enough.”

Jiang Zhiwei thought about it and said, “Then exchange for Iron Cloth. If you master this protective kungfu, you would be considered a master at the lowest level, too. As for blade arts, I can help you look for a suitable one after I return to my sect and see if there are any ordinary blade scripts that my sectmates have randomly found.”

“Randomly found…”

Meng Qi didn’t know what to say.

Directly practicing Iron Cloth would cost him double the original Karma points, and with the rest of his Karma points, he could exchange only for Eight Divine Steps.

“Little sister Zhi Wei, after returning to Xi Jian Pavilion, will you have the chance to visit Shaolin again? Besides, you will waste a lot of time on going back and forth,” Qi Xia said with a smile. “Luckily, I love to read and have a good memory. Da Jiang Sect has also collected many ordinary kungfu scripts. I can write down a script according to my memory for little brother Zhen Ding.”

She chuckled. “I know big brother Zhang and little sister Zhi Wei have only focused on working hard on the kungfu of your own sects. You only have some general knowledge of ordinary kungfu and arts, and it would be difficult for you to retell the contents of those scripts.”

“Yes, I have only heard my teacher talk about other kungfu during actual battle exercises.” Zhang Yuanshan nodded honestly.

“Therefore, big brother I have a big advantage when it comes to these useless scripts and arts,” Qi Xia said to Zhang Yuanshan with a smile. “I’ve just compiled some scripts a moment ago and gave them to the “Owner of Samsara” in exchange for 50 Karma points. Um, if you concentrate on recalling it, a script will automatically form in front of you.

“Hehe, luckily, there are still some scripts left, and Blade Art of Five Tigers Cracking the Gate is one of them. According to the “Owner of Samsara’, we can’t teach other people the kungfu that we have already given him. And for scripts that we haven’t given him yet, the Karma points that we will get in return will be halved for every person we teach. If the kungfu isn’t taught by us, then we won’t be responsible.”

Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan slightly nodded and didn’t say anything more. Currently, it was impossible for them to ignore their conscience and exchange the kungfu of their sects for Karma points, even if it was a kungfu that the “Owner of Samsara” already had. On the contrary, Qi Zhengyan looked at his sword and seemed like he was deep in thought.

“Since big sister Qi can provide a blade script, everything about little monk’s exchange has been decided,” Jiang Zhiwei said thoughtfully. “How about we observe his exchange first and gather some experience.”

“Agreed.”

The others certainly wouldn’t have any objections, and Meng Qi felt very excited.

At the center of the white jade square, a light beam shined from the sky, making the environment extremely celestial-looking.

Meng Qi stepped into the light and chose “Automatically learn Iron Cloth” from the exchange list that appeared in front of him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18: Return
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

The next second, numerous light dots appeared in the light beam. Like a group of many fireflies, they completely covered Meng Qi’s body, continually going in and out.

Meng Qi felt extremely painful, as if his muscles and skin were being torn apart. The pain in his Dantian was especially unbearable. However, his body was controlled by an unknown force and could not move at all. Neither could he utter a single word, so he had to suffer the pain in silence, even if it felt like going through the 18 levels of torture in hell.

Just when the pain was about to reach the limit of Meng Qi’s endurance, and he was about to lose his consciousness, he suddenly felt a flow of warmth at his lower abdomen. The genuine Qi that filled his largest acupoints flowed naturally, converging into a single flow before entering his Dantian, which had just been refined. After that, the genuine Qi followed different paths and returned to the respective acupoints they belonged to; only the feel of warmth remained in Meng Qi’s Dantian.

This warmth circulated around, following a fixed route of Qi vessels, and interconnected a portion of Meng Qi’s acupoints. It continued to develop and grow, refining the Aperture points and preparing them for future refinement.

As a result, Meng Qi had the operation route of internal power clearly carved into his memory.

The light dots disappeared, and so did the pain. However, the feeling, which he couldn’t “forget” for a long time, still remained in Meng Qi’s mind.

“Exchange complete.”

As usual, there wasn’t any fluctuation in the voice of the “Owner of Samsara”.

Meng Qi didn’t mind that he was still standing in the light beam. He moved his arms and legs, and the only thing he felt was that he had much greater strength than before. Then, he patted his body and felt like he was patting a thick piece of cloth. There wasn’t a single bit of pain.

“Hah…”

Meng Qi was relieved. It seemed like protective external kungfu would no longer be a problem. He then tried to drive out the genuine Qi in his Dantian, and circulated it around twice so that he could turn it into his own property as soon as possible.

“Is everything all right?” Jiang Zhiwei asked with both concern and curiosity from outside the light beam.

Meng Qi shook his head. “It’s relatively successful.”

As he spoke, he flipped to the page that showed “Qi-cultivation Phase Kungfu” and chose “Eight Divine Steps”.

Casually reading through the contents, Meng Qi made sure that it was a Qing Gong script. Without careful read through, he put the script into his clothes and walked out of the light beam.

“Well, this “Owner of Samsara” is truly honest about his offerings,” Meng Qi joked to Jiang Zhiwei, Zhang Yuanshan, and the others.

Jiang Zhiwei nodded and said with a smiled that didn’t look like a smile, “Little monk, remember to be careful at all times. How about I give it a try to test the quality of your Iron Cloth?”

“Ok.”

Meng Qi certainly didn’t want to be careless on an issue closely related to his life.

Even though Iron Cloth was an external Kungfu, it had combined with his skin and muscles, so he didn’t need to circulate his Qi to make it effective. However, Meng Qi still held up his internal power, attempting to maximize the effect of Iron Cloth.

Right after he held up his Qi, something flashed in his sight. The only thing he saw was the shine of a sword which looked like a shooting star, and before he could react, the sword had already stabbed his left shoulder.

The sword made a sound like it had stabbed into some worn-out rag. Only its tip had actually stabbed into Meng Qi’s shoulder, and he only felt a slight pain.

After the sword was pulled away, a single drop of blood came out.

Jiang Zhiwei withdrew her long sword, wiped off the blood from its tip, and slightly nodded. “This Iron Cloth is surely authentic. I used 40% of my strength just now, not to mention that my ‘Sword of the Sun-Penetrating Rainbow’ belongs to the strong weapon level. I think I will have to use 50% of my power to truly break through your Iron Cloth.”

“Nice!”

Even though he could only withstand less than half of Jiang Zhiwei’s power, Meng Qi was very satisfied. Just a while ago, he couldn’t even withstand 10% of her power!

Zhang Yuanshan was also very satisfied, having witnessed the whole process. He said with a smile, “An ordinary Jianghu person who has half-way accomplished Qi-cultivation would no longer be able to truly hurt you without using all of his strength and a good weapon. However, little brother Zhen Ding, when facing a person who has fully accomplished his Qi-cultivation, you should still be careful and try your best to end the battle quickly by attacking the enemy even by risking yourself.”

“Got it. Thank you, big brother Zhang.”

Meng Qi knew what Zhang Yuanshan meant. His basic Iron Cloth wouldn’t be able to block the attacks of a person who had fully accomplished Qi-cultivation, yet it could still make the attacks less powerful. Therefore in a battle, he should use this as an advantage and aim for a heavy wound on the opponent at the expense of a lighter wound on himself.

At this moment, Qi Xia chuckled and said, “Don’t make the little monk too proud of himself.” She looked to Meng Qi. “Iron Cloth still has many weak points. You know that too, so you should be careful about them in a battle. Also, different weapons have different levels of effectiveness on Iron Cloth. You better study hard about that.”

She had followed Jiang Zhiwei’s example and started to call Meng Qi “little monk”.

Meng Qi answered “yes” seriously. He knew that what Qi Xia said was absolutely true. His eyes, temples, and pubic region were his weak points as they were not protected by the Iron Cloth. Iron Cloth was a protective external Kungfu that was created through punches and blows, so it had great defense against weapons such as clubs. On the other hand, it would be much weaker when facing the attacks of blades and swords.

“Here, the script for Blade Art of Five Tigers Cracking the Gate.”

Qi Xia handed over a Kungfu script, which consisted of a grayish cover and brand new paper.

Meng Qi sincerely thanked her. He casually flipped through the pages and put the script away.

At the same time, Jiang Zhiwei walked to the light beam and opened the “Exchange List”.

She didn’t straightforwardly flip to the page that had “Heavenly Acumen Pill” but rather read from the beginning. She skimmed through the list, and her eyes only stopped when she saw Seven Strokes of Heaven Interception, Swordplay Sutra of Supremacy, Thirteen Ajati Swordstrikes, Sword Art of Immortal-given Longevity, Battle-Ending Sword Scripts, Truth-Seeking Sword Scripts, Nine Swordstrikes of Solitude, and other sword scripts. Her eyes were filled with concentration and enthusiasm.

Sighing, she turned to the page that showed “Heavenly Acumen Pill”.

“Done.”

She reached into the light beam and brought out a pill that was sealed in wax. She used her fingertip to cut the wax seal open, and a clean scent soon diffused into the surroundings. Then, after carefully smelling the scent, she slightly nodded. “It truly is Heavenly Acumen Pill.”

Zhang Yuanshan smiled, walked towards her, and then exchanged for Shadowing the Heaven and Shrouding the Earth. He then put it away and looked to Qi Zhengyan.

“It’s little brother Zheng Yan’s turn now. Have you decided what to exchange for?”

Qi Zhengyan made a salute and answered sincerely, “I only know little kungfu and have little experience and knowledge. Please give me some guidance if you will, big brother Zhang, Ms. Jiang.”

Zhang Yuanshan thought about it and said, “Little brother Zheng Yan, from my observation, the major sword art you study is Long River Sword Art?”

“Yes.

Lone smoke rises up straight in the great desert;

Setting sun disappears as a circle above the long river.”

A bitter smile appeared on Qi Zhengyan’s rigid face.

Meng Qi was very confused.

“Are they exchanging cue codes?”

Even though Xuan Xin introduced the information about every sect in jianghu to the new disciples, he preferred to talk about his “own” jianghu experiences. Moreover, he was a very lazy person and had irrelevant things to do all the time. For this reason, for some sects, he had only mentioned their names, and for some others, he didn’t even talk about them once. Huanhua Swords Sect belonged to the latter group of sects.

Seeing Meng Qi’s dull face, Jiang Zhiwei laughed and explained casually, “The establisher of Huanhua Swords Sect loved to read books and poems. When the dynasty changed, he moved into the deep mountains and by chance met an immortal who taught him an ultimate kungfu. He then used this kungfu as the basis to establish Huanhua Swords Sect.

“Because of his preference, all the kungfu of Huanhua Swords Sect were named after one or two ancient poems. For example, ‘Lone smoke rises up straight in the great desert; Setting sun disappears as a circle above the long river’ is the name of a sword art. However, ordinary Jianghu people are not patient enough to remember all the poems, so they gave these kungfu simpler names, such as ‘Long River Sword Art’.”

Qi Zhengyan gave a light cough and didn’t rebute her words. He knew what his own sect was about and that the founder was just a poor student. If the founder was a truly knowledgeable person, he wouldn’t have named the kungfu that way. However, he certainly couldn’t speak to defame the founder, and he secretly thanked Jiang Zhiwei for saving some face for his sect.

“Yes,” Zhang Yuanshan said cheerfully. “The full name of ‘Sword Art of Immortal-given Longevity’, which is the name we always use, is actually ‘The immortal touches on my head, helping me grow hair and granting me longevity.'”

“There is also ‘Sword Art of Bright Moon Rising with Tide’; do you know which poem it is derived from?” Qi Xia asked, smiling happily.

“Ancient poem…” Meng Qi frowned slightly. “Is it a coincidence, or is there a reason behind it?”

He casually answered, “The bright moon above the sea rises together with the tide.”

“Correct. Just as I inferred from your skinny body, you’re not from an ordinary family.”

As a girl who grew up on the river, Qi Xia always spoke boldly. Meng Qi’s answer helped her confirm her previous guess.

Meng Qi curled his lips.

“How could she act so premeditatedly while being such a young girl?”

He soon forgot about the ancient poems since for now he couldn’t investigate them. At the same time, he thought somewhat delightedly, “In the future when I wear a handsome white shirt, carry a long sword on my waist, wave a folding fan with my hand, and chant poems while I walk, nobody will question me because my poems didn’t have a source…”

After the conversation about poems, Zhang Yuanshan returned to the previous topic. “Little brother Zheng Yan, the Long River Sword Art is famous for its preciseness, and it also has hidden killing moves. In my opinion, it matches your character very much. However, it also has a lack of flexibility, which prevents it from being able to adjust according to the enemies’ conditions.

“Therefore, it is sufficient for defense but not suitable enough for attack. I suggest that you first choose a sword art that is strong at unpredictability and flexibility to support your study, and after you finish refining the nine greatest Apertures related to the eye Aperture, exchange for ‘Heavenly Acumen Pill’ using the Karma points you obtain from the next mission.”

“Given your current level, even if you got the ‘Heavenly Acumen Pill’ now, you might not be able to break through.” Jiang Zhiwei didn’t reserve her opinion and pointed her observations out to Qi Zhengyan straightforwardly.

Qi Zhengyan nodded honestly. “It’s true that I’ve only refined six of the nine acupoints related to the eye Aperture, and I still need to work hard on it. I will listen to big brother Zhang’s suggestions.”

After he agreed, everyone took out their jade books and began to search for a sword art that matched his needs and had a suitable price. Eventually, Meng Qi, who was very “knowledgeable”, found the one that best satisfied Qi Zhengyan.

Qi Zhengyan saluted Meng Qi. “Thank you, little brother Zhen Ding. Originally, I wanted to exchange for ‘The evening glow parallels with a lonely duck to fly; the autumn river shares a scenic hue with the vast sky’. However, it’s a secret sword art of my sect after all, and is only taught to a few selected disciples. If I study it on my own and someone discovers, I might be found guilty. But this ’13 Moves of Infinitely Changing Mist” that you found is not only unpredictable and flexible, but I can also explain to the people from my sect that I discovered it by chance.”

“Sword Art of Afterglow and Autumn Water…” Jiang Zhiwei whispered the “generic name” of the art to Meng Qi.

“This sounds too cool!”

Meng Qi secretly sneered at the founder of Huanhua Swords Sect while he said with a large smile, “I discovered it by chance, too. You don’t need to thank me.”

The 13 Moves of Infinitely Changing Mist was the secret art of Heng Shan Sect from The Legendary Swordsman. Meng Qi had considered exchanging for it, but for now, he gave up the idea of becoming a handsome sword master.

The total price for the sword art was 150 Karma points. If it was separated into single moves, then the main part would cost 20 Karma points and each move would cost 10 Karma points. Qi Zhengyan exchanged for the main part and four of the moves, and with the 10 Karma points he had left he exchanged for a bottle of ” Ganoderma Elixir of Restoration”, which could be used to increase internal power and help the user refine Apertures quicker than usual.

“Now it should be little sister Qi’s turn.” Zhang Yuanshan looked to Qi Xia with a gentle smile. “Since you gave some ordinary scripts to the “Owner of Samsara”, I suppose that you have already decided what you want to exchange for?”

Qi Xia cheerfully made a salute. “Big brother Zhang is so smart that I couldn’t hide anything from you. I have an eye on the method to make and use ‘Tang’s Flower’.”

“Tang’s flower?”

“Tang’s flower?”

Although the same words were spoken, different people said it differently. Zhang Yuanshan and the others were curious and confused, while Meng Qi was shocked.

“Tang’s Flower from the Legendary Swordsman on the Divine Land? It was one of the three greatest legendary concealed weapons of Tang Men!”

Qi Xia gave Meng Qi a glance. “Little monk, did you see the method to make this concealed weapon a while ago?”

“Yeah, at first I thought about how my kungfu is too weak, so I wanted to find some strong concealed weapon and poison to protect myself.” Meng Qi had to explain it this way.

Qi Xia didn’t say anything more to him and turned to Zhang Yuanshan and Jiang Zhiwei with a smile. “I’ve been scolded by my dad since a young age for not concentrating on learning kungfu and indulging in trivial studies. As a result, I’m not able to open my eye Aperture even now. On the other hand, among all trivial studies, I’ve a preference towards traps and concealed weapons.

“Unfortunately, Dajiang Gang isn’t good at either of them. Even though my uncles know similar unique arts, they can’t teach me unreservedly. Today, seeing the production method of ‘Tang’s Flower’, I’m extremely happy.”

“It’s a good thing for us, too, to have a master of concealed weapons and traps together with us. Now we will be able to cope with more kinds of situations.”

Both Zhang Yuanshan and Jiang Zhiwei approved Qi Xia’s choice.

“Tang’s Flower” was Si Chuan’s Tang Family’s legendary concealed weapon, and its exchange price was extremely expensive. A well-made “Tang’s Flower” and the corresponding techniques to use it would cost 300 Karma points, even if it could be used only once.

If one wanted to be taught directly by the “Owner of Samsara” and learn how to produce and use the “Tang’s Flower”, then it would cost 300 Karma points to get a general idea, and 600 Karma points to fully comprehend it. In addition, it would cost 150 Karma points if one wanted to exchange for the blueprint that recorded the method of producing and using “Tang’s Flower”. However, after obtaining the blueprint, the person would also have to gather a variety of materials and conduct many researches that would land him in numerous risks.

Qi Xia contributed some more scripts and finally had 150 Karma points, which she used to obtain the method of producing and using “Tang’s Flower”.

“Exchange completes. Choose the items that you want to deposit, return to your original world, and wait for the next “samsara mission”. You will not be able to visit this place until then. If you want to practice here, you will need to exchange for time right now,” the grand voice of the “Owner of Samsara” said.

Since he wouldn’t be able to casually visit this universe, Meng Qi carried the kungfu scripts with him and roughly examined his “domain”.

Behind the white jade door was an empty room. If he wanted a bed, a chair, and other furniture, he would have to exchange for them.

A light sprinkled down and covered Meng Qi and the others, who had just returned to the square. After this, he lost his consciousness.

The darkness was very heavy. Meng Qi struggled for a while and hastily sat up. He saw the beautiful moonlight, and everything was peaceful and quiet.

Then he heard Zhen Hui and the others’ breathing sounds. Clearly, they were still in deep sleep.

“I’ve returned to my room…”

Meng Qi subconsciously brought up his Qi. His Dantian became warm, and the warmth gradually flowed to the rest of his body.

“Eh, the little jade Buddha…”

After discovering with happiness that all the things he had exchanged for were still with him, Meng Qi suddenly found the little Jade Buddha that he wore cracked into two pieces. It no longer had the warm and peaceful feel that it used to have.

Meng Qi felt both alarmed and confused. He couldn’t stop thinking about it, which also prevented him from falling asleep. He didn’t know how much time had passed when a familiar bell started ringing. However, it was not as peaceful and inspiring as usual. Instead, one ring rang after another, as if something serious had happened in the temple!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19: Courage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

Meng Qi listened to the bell rings with alarm, while his hands quietly clenched into tight fists under the blanket.

“Did they discover Qing Jing’s death? Or did Qing Jing disappear?”

Hearing the unusual ringing of the bell, Zhen Ying, Zhen Guan, and the other char monks who usually were not interested in anything quickly sat up. Their panic became a camouflage for Meng Qi’s unusual reaction.

Inside the Great Buddha’s Hall, the golden Buddha figure was very solemn. It looked at the crowd in the hall with mercy and benevolence.

Right under the Buddha’s figure stood an old monk with white eyebrows and a sagging face that shone with a pale gold color. He looked very calm and wore a yellow robe and a red cassock. In his hands he held a tin staff that had nine rings on it.

“Namo Amitābha. Benefactors, please remain calm.”

With one of his hands held up, the old monk chanted the name of Buddha.

Around 20 monks that wore red cassocks stood beside him. Some of them had very deep wrinkles, and were so old that their age couldn’t be inferred, while others were skinny and gaunt, and looked like dead wood. Of the rest, some had a melancholic atmosphere, and some seemed very mature and elegant.

“Humph, be calm? A disciple from my sect was killed at Shaolin, and you want me to be calm?” said an old Taoist who wore a crown that had seven stars on it and a Yin Yang frock, as he stared at the old monk. “Great master Kong Wen, we, Xuan Tian Sect has come because of your invitation, not because we wanted our disciples to get killed here. You must give us a reasonable explanation! Otherwise… humph!”

The person he addressed was as white as snow, yet his face was very ruddy, and there wasn’t a single wrinkle on his face.

The old monk was Kong Wen, His Abbotship of Shaolin who attained the “Golden Body of the Dragon-subduing Arhat”. His reputation and power had helped him rule Jianghu for more than 100 years.

“Amitābha. Benefactor Shou Zhuo, since such a horrible thing has happened in this temple, regardless of which the murderer is, we Shaolin will be responsible,” Kong Wen said peacefully and didn’t try to save face for the sect by shifting blame. “However, I believe that same as all the benefactors here, benefactor Shou Jing from your sect would want to know first who the murderer is and what he wants. Please allow me some time to examine the corpse and find out the murderer.”

Taoist Shou Jing was the leader of Xuan Tian sect. It was said that he had arrived at the threshold of the Dharmakaya realm, and he ranked second in the Earthly Ranking.

“What great master Kong Wen has said is very reasonable. Please remain calm, my Taoist friend Shou Zhuo. We all feel the same sorrow that you feel.” A middle-aged Taoist who wore a black tortoise frock came forth and dissuaded Shou Zhuo.

Among the disciples who stood behind him, Zhang Yuanshan was staring mournfully at Qing Jing’s body, which lay on a white cloth. Qing Jing’s head and body were separated into two parts, and his eyes were wide-open. Clearly, he had experienced extreme shock and anger before his death.

“The way he died is the same…” Zhang Yuanshan was startled. “How he died in reality is the same as how he died in the ‘samsara universe’!”

Regardless of whether they had physically entered “samsara”, or was in an illusionary projection, the “Owner of Samsara” was proven to be omnipotent, since he had accomplished all of this under the monitoring of the “Dragon-subduing Arhat”!

Zhang Yuanshan secretly peeped at Jiang Zhiwei, who stood among Xi Jian Pavilion disciples, and Qi Xia, who stood among the people of Dajiang Gang. They also couldn’t hide their astonishment, and seemed very sad and serious. On the other hand, Qi Zhengyan was just an ordinary disciple and did not possess the status to enter the Great Buddha’s Hall together with the seniors of Huanhua Swords Sect.

Nevertheless, a Xuan Tian Sect disciple being mysteriously murdered inside Shaolin temple was horrifying news. As a result, other young disciples in the hall had similarly frightened expressions, so nobody discovered the three’s unusualness.

Taoist Shou Zhuo coldly glanced at the Taoist from Zhen Wu Sect. “Xuan Yuanzi, the victim is not a disciple of your sect. Stop being a hypocrite!”

“I have always heard that Taoist friend Shou Zhuo from Xuan Tian Sect has an irascible and frank personality. From what I’ve seen today, it seems that those rumors are true.”

Xuan Yuanzi was a well-cultured person. He knew that Xuan Tian Sect still had many disciples similar to Qing Jing and could bear the loss of a single disciple. However, for them, Qing Jing being assassinated in Shaolin was like them being heavily slapped on the face. It was reasonable that Taoist Shou Zhuo was outraged. Thus, he only gave a simple reply with a smile, and then looked to the other side. “Taoist friend Su, what do you think?”

A young and handsome man who wore blue clothes stood in front of Jiang Zhiwei. At first sight, he seemed rather ordinary, but with careful observation, it could be discovered that he had an “empty” atmosphere. It seemed like he didn’t have any human desires.

The young man’s eyes were half closed. He gently stroked the simple and unsophisticated sword he had on his waist, and said in an old and deep voice, “I agree with great master Kong Wen.”

His voice didn’t match his appearance at all, and sounded like that of an elderly man who had experienced all kinds of worldly affairs and seen through the essence of the secular world.

After the man in blue finished speaking, the Great Buddha’s Hall became silent. Even the irascible Taoist Shou Zhuo didn’t refute, as if the man’s manliness had convinced him.

Taoist Shou Zhuo remained silent for a moment and then made a salute. “Please examine Qing Jing’s injuries, great master Kong Wen.”

It wasn’t that the man in blue had a more awe-inspiring reputation or was stronger than abbot Kong Wen. Everybody knew that in the future he might be able to surpass Kong Wen, though at least for now, there was still an immeasurably vast difference between the two.

The true reason to this was that abbot Kong Wen always acted with leniency and modesty, and never mistreated the weak even given his strength. Everyone could debate with him about what’s right and what’s wrong, and about reasons and principles. In contrast, the man in blue was too impatient to engage in talking and discussions. If anyone irritated him, he would attack the person with his sword right away.

Kong Wen handed his nine-ringed staff to a handsome middle-aged monk who had a melancholic atmosphere and stood next to him. The abbot then slowly took several steps forward and stopped beside Qing Jing’s corpse. In his eyes, there seemed to be some dotted golden lights of Buddha.

“The fatal injury on benefactor Qing Jing’s body is a palm attack in the center of his back. The murderer is a person who has just entered the Enlightenment Phase and is skilled at iron palms. As for the wound on his neck, it was done after his death and by a long blade. The person who used the blade is slightly stronger than the person who attacked with his palms. “Therefore, altogether there are two murderers, and both are masters who have opened the Eye Aperture.” Kong Wen slowly explained Qing Jing’s cause of death, which stupefied Zhang Yuan Shan, Jiang Zhiwei, and the others. “How could he retell everything so clearly and with so much detail! So this was what a Dharmakaya-level master was like!”

The face of Taoist Shou Zhuo was ghastly pale. “I’m also able to give a conclusion like this. But how about the true murderer Who is this true murderer that can let two Enlightenment-level juniors sneak into my yard without being discovered by me Who is this true murderer that can commit murder in Shaolin without being noticed by you, the great master who has both Heaven Eye and Heaven Ear”

“I was meditating in Dhyana yesterday and spiritually visiting the pure land of Buddha and the gods and goddesses. The true murderer might have exploited this as his chance,” Kong Wen answered with perfect calmness, and his expression implied some regret and apology.

Taoist Shou Zhuo didn’t concede. “Great master Kong Wen. I’m afraid that few people knew you were deep in Ding. How could things be so coincidental Please show us the capabilities of your golden body and seek out the true murderer!”

His words were very reasonable. Xuan Yuan Zi and the others all slightly nodded their heads and looked to Kong Wen.

Kong Wen put his palms together. “Amitābha. I’ve already tried my best, but the true murderer’s power is not lower than mine. We have lost the ‘clue’.”

“Do you mean Shaolin won’t be able to find the murderer Then I will have to report to my big brother, the head of my sect, and bring out the Time Blade to look for the true murderer on my own!” Taoist Shou Zhuo said with fury.

“Amitābha. I feel guilty to all the benefactors of Xuan Tian Sect. I’m willing to go up the Jade Emperor Mountain, apologize to benefactor Shou Jing, and look for the true murderer together with you,” Kong Wen said with sorrow and sympathy.

Several heads and elders that stood behind Kong Wen had dissatisfied expressions. Shou Zhuo was being way too aggressive, and the abbot was acting way too weak! Nevertheless, they understood too that the murder was extremely odd, and before they could find the true murderer, if the abbot didn’t deal with it this way, Shaolin’s reputation might be destroyed completely.

Hearing that Kong Wen was willing to go up the Jade Emperor Mountain and apologize by himself, everyone became speechless due to astonishment. Taoist Shou Zhuo also felt awkward for the first time. “Great master Kong Wen, you don’t need to do this. I can feel your sincerity, and I only hope that Shaolin can keep its promise and search for the true murderer together with our sect.”

It would be an ordeal for his Taoist heart if the Golden-Bodied Luohan, who ranked third on the Heaven Ranking, and whose reputation ruled the world for more than 100 years, really visited them himself. Since Xuan Tian Sect also didn’t have any trustworthy evidence that Shaolin had something to do with the murder, they didn’t want to be too threatening and aggressive.

Listening to the seniors’ discussion about the true murderer, Zhang Yuan Shan couldn’t stop thinking. To be honest, even though Zhen Wu sect put an emphasis on sending disciples out to gain experience and refine themselves, and the missions in the “samsara world” could also be considered as an unusual type of exercise, yet he had just entered Enlightenment and was far from being suitable to dive into things like this.

Therefore, he really wanted to stay away from the “Owner of Samsara”, and stay away from the “samsara missions”. He did feel enthusiastic about the godly weapons and kungfu, and the magical pills and medicines, yet considering his current realm, he already had enough scripts, weapons, and pills. Moreover, his strength didn’t stop improving nor did the improvement slow down, and he wasn’t in a helpless position where all his sectmates started to surpass him.

Now that the “Dragon-Taming Luohan” was here, it was a chance for him to break away from the “Owner of Samsara”!

A Dharmakaya-level master could already be considered an immortal and omnipotent. Even if his power was still weaker than that of the “Owner of Samsara”, he should be able to resist against the “Owner” and assure the safety of Zhang Yuan Shan and the others. If not so, why would the “Owner of Samsara” secretly and mysteriously take them away to finish the “samsara mission”; he would be able to directly bring the whole world’s masters there.

Of course, it might be something else that the “Owner of Samsara” was scrupling about.

“Should I reveal what I know about the ‘Samsara World’ The ‘Owner of Samsara’ wouldn’t be able to kill me under the eyes of the ‘Dragon-Taming Luohan’, would he?

“Even if the ‘Owner of Samsara’ is in fact abbot Kong Wen himself, he would disguise his identity in front of all the seniors from different sects and try his best to get vengeance for us. The world is so vast, and he is not the only Dharmakaya-level master. For example, master Chong He, who is also a Taoist, is ranked higher on the Heaven Ranking than he is!

“But if abbot Kong Wen is collaborating with some other Dharmakaya-level master, then the moment I reveal everything I know, the other master can kill me very easily. Kong Wen only has to pretend that he was caught unprepared, and so was unable to save me…

“Or maybe the ‘Owner of Samsara’ is far stronger than Abbot Kong Wen and has attained the level of the Taoist Primogenitor and Buddha, so he can kill anyone who leaks the secret without leaving any trace behind…

“If I had already opened the Nine Apertures, I would be able to use the ‘samsara world’ to refine myself…”

Many different ideas went through Zhang Yuan Shan’s mind, yet he still couldn’t resolve and go for it.

He sighed to himself. He was not brave enough to risk his life, which has always been his weakness.

He knew himself very well. His calmness and capability were very outstanding, and had always been praised by senior people, and he seldom became flustered facing emergencies and accidents. However, for the same reason, he always thought too much and cared too much. When the situation required him to take risks and go for it, he always lacked the necessary courage to do so. This was the true reason why he couldn’t pass the entry level of Zhenwu’s Seven Strokes Scripture.

Thinking about this, he looked to Jiang Zhiwei. From this aspect, she was far better than him.

Jiang Zhiwei stood behind Su Wu Ming, looked down at her nose, and concentrated on maintaining inner peace. Although she seemed slightly sad, there was no sign that she wanted to step forward and reveal the secret of the “samsara world”.

A thought popped into Zhang Yuan Shan’s mind. He thought about Jiang Zhiwei’s enthusiastic eyes when she looked at the list of sword arts. He then gave a bitter smile and quietly shook his head.

“Great master abbot, I’ve something to report. It is related to Qing Jing’s death.” Suddenly, Zhang Yuan Shan heard Qi Xia’s voice.

He looked to her with great astonishment, and there he saw a pretty face that implicitly showed her resolution.

Jiang Zhiwei, who seemed as if she was counting how many ants there were on the ground, also raised her head in shock.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20: Secret
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

Zhang Yuanshan’s mind was a mess. All he could think of was how on the “samsara square” Qi Xia cheerfully introduced Tang’s Flower to them and talked about traps and secret weapons. Originally, he believed that if there was someone who would take risks and reveal the “samsara world”, it would be Jiang Zhiwei or him. He never imagined that it would be Qi Xia, who had finally gotten into contact with what she had always dreamed of and who could have fulfilled her wish very soon!

How could he know that while he was still hesitating, she had already made up her mind? No, it seemed like she had made the decision a long time ago!

“Was she just pretending to be extremely happy during the exchange?”

“No, her reaction didn’t seem fake. Maybe even her happiness couldn’t win over her will to escape from danger!”

Immediately after Qi Xia finished her sentence, Kong Wen looked to her and said after an “Amitābha”, “Please go on, benefactor Qi.”

“What do you know?”

Outraged by the true murderer, Taoist Shou Zhuo looked to Qi Xia and waited for her to provide some clues.

At the same time, Su Wuming, Xuan Yuanzi, Qi Xia’s father Qi Yuan, and many others all had their eyes on Qi Xia. They didn’t know how she, who lived several yards away from Xuan Tian Sect’s yard, could have discovered something about Qing Jing’s death.

If it was something she had noticed when she went to the toilet at night, masters like them would have also sensed it even in their sleep. In other words, since it was something that could outsmart their senses, there was no way that a young girl who hadn’t even attained Enlightenment could have discovered it coincidentally.

Zhang Yuanshan subconsciously hid behind Xuan Yuanzi, and his left hand clenched into a fist. His right hand felt the hilt of his sword, and the coldness of it slightly alleviated his nervousness and worry. He quietly glanced at Jiang Zhiwei, and saw that her right hand was pressed to the hilt of her sword as well.

After Qi Xia blurted out the first sentence, there was no chance for her to regret. She looked around at the seniors in the hall and Kong Wen, the “Dragon-subduing Arhat”, and hoped that this Dharmakaya-level master could stop the “Owner of Samsara”.

Even if His Abbotship Kong Wen himself was the villain behind this, he would protect her to protect his own secret. He would even escort her back to the Dajiang Gang. After she returned to Dajiang Gang, her father and the other seniors, who by now would be very alarmed, would definitely bring out the ultimate weapon of their faction, the “Staff of Dancing Sea and Somersaulting River”, and then her safety would be guaranteed for sure.

“His Abbotship, both Qing Jing and I met the ‘Own…”

Qi Xia formulated her words and attempted to raise everyone’s vigilance by speaking as quickly as possible.

As she tried to pronounce the word “owner”, she suddenly felt her heart begin to beat faster and faster and faster, until it reached an almost unattainable speed. A huge amount of blood upwelled through her vessels. Her brain swelled, her throat became blocked, and she could no longer take a single breath.

Bang!

With a blurry consciousness, Qi Xia thought she heard a crisp crack, and her sight became flooded with red. Though unclearly, she saw a large hand stretch out to her, trying to save her; it glittered with a solemn Buddha shine and carried a gentle and calming atmosphere. At the same time, a sword shine emerged like a swift eagle diving from the sky, and in a blink of the eye, it pointed at the space three inches behind her.

“I didn’t expect that the “Owner of Samsara” would really dare to attack in front of a Dharmakaya-level master…”

“Unfortunately, everyone is a bit late…”

With bitterness, regret, shock, and an unwillingness to reconcile, Qi Xia fell into the rimless darkness. Losing support, her body fell to the ground.

“Daughter!”

Qi Yuantong yelled mournfully, rushing towards Qi Xia’s body very quickly and catching her in his arms. Genuine Qi flowed out from the center of his palms and poured into Qi Xia’s body, but she did not move again.

Jiang Zhiwei was still confused and shocked when Su Wuming retrieved his long sword. His left hand gently stroked his sword, and his eyes, which had always been half-closed, opened. With a very serious expression, he seemed to be pondering deeply what had just happened.

“Amitābha, I was too late.”

His palms together pressed together, Kong Wen no longer had a sacred Buddha shine flashing around him. For the first time, shock and astonishment appeared on his calm face.

“Pretend to be unprepared and late… Pretend to be unprepared and late…”

Zhang Yuanshan was both startled and frightened, and his mind was a chaos. Fear, regret, self-accusation, and a guilty joy that the corpse lying on the ground was not his mingled together and deprived him of his ability to think.

Suddenly, an insight popped into his head.

“No, His Abbotship Kong Wen didn’t even show his Golden Body of Arhat. If he indeed was pretending to be unprepared, then he should have tried his very best to prove his innocence! Maybe he was really unprepared? Even I, who know what’s behind all this, didn’t expect that the ‘Owner of Samsara’ would act so quickly, so mercilessly, and so mysteriously…”

Looking at Qi Xia, who had lost her vigor and lay in Qi Yuantong’s arms, Zhang Yuanshan felt like his heart was grasped by an enormous hand. It felt so heavy that he could barely breathe.

Taoist Shou Zhuo also hadn’t come to rescue on time. At first, he glared at Kong Wen, as if he was going to blame him for not doing his best and accuse him of being involved with the true murderer. However, his expression suddenly changed a few times, as if he had recalled something important, and he gradually calmed down. In addition, Xuan Yuanzi, Qi Yuantong, and the others also didn’t blame Kong Wen.

“Benefactors, what has just happened to benefactor Qi reminded me of several similar events,” Kong Wen slowly began to say. “It’s my oversight that I didn’t link what had happened to benefactor Qing Jing to those events. Otherwise, I could have saved benefactor Qi.”

“Several similar events?”

Zhang Yuanshan felt that there had been too many shocking events tonight, which kind of exceeded his limit. He looked at Kong Wen with nervousness and alarm, only to find that Jiang Zhiwei behaved exactly the same as he did.

Fortunately, other people had similar reactions, so they didn’t seem weird.

“I’m willing to listen to the details.”

Xuan Yuanzi made a salute. Qi Yuantong also looked to Kong Wen with his red eyes.

Kong Wen sighed. “Have any benefactors heard of a mysterious organization called ‘The Immortals’? Their members would die mysteriously, just like how benefactor Qi just did, if they wanted to leak the organization’s secrets. I suspect that their bodies have some kind of curse hidden inside, which will bring a mysterious force if it is triggered.”

“‘The Immortals’? I’ve once fought with one of their members, ‘Doumu Progenitor’. You know what, I nearly lost my life,” Xuan Yuanzi said self-mockingly, “but I’ve never caught a member of theirs, and never saw a similarly mysterious death either.”

“What? You nearly lost your life? And what is that ‘Doumu Progenitor’?” Taoist Shou Zhuo, who had a bad temper, asked with disbelief.

Xuan Yuanzi was the head of the general affairs of Zhen Wu Sect. Although he was not a top master of the sect, he was still a famous person on the Earthly Ranking, and he was as strong as Taoist Shou Zhuo. It was truly unacceptable that he would be beaten by a master from an “organization” that was not famous at all.

“From what I know, ‘The Immortals’ don’t have many official members, and there are at most 20 of them. Every one of them has code-named themselves after a famous Taoist or immortal from ancient mythology, and none of their real names are known. ‘Doumu Progenitor’ is one of them,” Kong Wen explained to the people that had never heard of “The Immortals” before.

Xuan Yuanzi shook his head with a bitter smile. “His Abbotship knows much more than I do. I muddleheadedly met that ‘Doumu Progenitor’, fought with her, and fled. I know nothing other than the name ‘The Immortals’ and her codename. I think she was already at the top of the Exterior Realm ten years ago.”

“Code-named themselves after immortals, and no true names are known? How on earth could there be so many nameless masters! I would say this organization is secretly formed by a group of ambitious people from different sects and families! Xuan Yuanzi, can you tell the kungfu origins of ‘Doumu Progenitor’?” Taoist Shou Zhuo asked with a humph.

He didn’t believe that so many masters could keep themselves unknown to public. Except their codenames in “The Immortals”, they must have other famous identities in Jianghu!

Therefore, he still suspected that Shaolin had secret agents!

Xuan Yuanzi answered, “If I could tell her kungfu origins, I would have found her a long time ago. Zhen Wu Sect is the legitimate successor of Zhen Wu Emperor. We are not that easy to play around with. The kungfu ‘Doumu Progenitor’ used was similar to the ultimate kungfu the ‘Doumu Progenitor’ from ancient mythology used, which was called Star God’s Arrival on Earth. However, both Star God’s Arrival on Earth and the Art of All to None have been lost for tens of thousands of years. How would I know who has inherited them by chance?”

“Art of All to None… Star God’s Arrival on Earth…”

Zhang Yuanshan’s face was pale—he remembered that these two ultimate kungfu were both on the “Owner of Samsara’s” exchange list. The former was worth 500 thousand Karma points, and the latter was worth 80 thousand.

“Is “The Immortals” related to the “samsara world”?”

Taoist Shou Zhuo walked around Qi Yuantong and slightly nodded his head. “A mysterious force burst inside the body and is connected with an unknown outer force. This is indeed impossible to be accomplished by ordinary people. Yet since there will be traces of curses or things similar to that, we can check each other’s identity right now and right here.”

Just when Zhang Yuanshan got extremely nervous and scared, Su Wuming, who was standing in front of Jiang Zhiwei, opened his mouth. “Similar traces will be very well-hidden. If we don’t find out the origin and design a method accordingly, we might not be able to discover anything.”

“Su Wuming, we should act instead of just guessing around.” Taoist Shou Zhuo became doughtier. He was not afraid of Su Wuming.

“What benefactor Su said is absolutely right. Last time, I well prepared before trying to find some clues left behind by ‘Lord Tai Yi’, who is also a member of ‘The Immortals’, yet I still didn’t find any concealed trace…” Kong Wen roughly told everyone the several encounters he had with “The Immortals”. He then looked to Su Wuming. “It sounds like benefactor Su has similar experiences?”

Su Wuming said without any fluctuation in voice, “I met an organization called ‘The Myths”, which is similar to “The Immortals” yet is its deadly foe. Their members use names of ancient deities as their code-names.”

“Benefactor Su, did you learn anything from them?” Kong Wen asked with concern while all the others were still shocked by the fact that there was another mysterious organization.

Su Wuming was calm as usual. “The ‘Patriarch East’ whom I met and fought with was pretty strong, so I couldn’t restrain my strength.”

“So he means the guy is already dead?”

Many young disciples didn’t know how to react.

“And the corpse mysteriously self-destructed,” Su Wuming added.

Kong Wen sighed. “With my monitoring, ‘Lord Tai Yi’s’ corpse was not destroyed. His true identity was not ordinary. Later I will tell you about it in detail.”

Since there were too many people in the hall, it was not suitable for a more in-depth discussion.

“May it be ‘The Immortals’ or ‘The Myths’, they are both sneaky and mysterious. There must be some conspiracy. I suggest that all large sects work together and investigate this thoroughly!” Taoist Shou Zhuo said in a loud voice.

Kong Wen nodded and took back his nine-ringed staff. “If we discover any new information, Shaolin is willing to share it with all of you.”

“So is Xuan Tian Sect,” Taoist Shou Zhuo promised immediately and looked to Qi Yuantong. “My Taoist friend Qi, please check your daughter’s belongings and see if there are any discoveries.”

Qi Yuantong nodded with a gloomy face. It was no surprise that he soon found the production method of “Tang’s Flower”. After that, he clenched his teeth and said, “Dajiang Gang does not own a concealed weapon like this! Humph! I must kill ‘The Immortals’ and ‘The Myths’, turning them into sacrifices for my daughter!”

A concealed weapon’s production method which he had never seen in Jianghu reminded him of the Star God’s Arrival on Earth that Xuan Yuanzi mentioned previously. This convinced him even more that the two mysterious organizations had something to do with his daughter’s death.

Xuan Yuanzi glanced at the disciples that stood behind the masters of each sect. “This matter is extremely important. Please take care of your disciples and make sure they don’t leak it to outsiders.”

Only future elites of each sect were allowed to enter the Great Buddha’s Hall, and they had a certain level of eligibility to listen to matters like this. Therefore, he only told them not to leak the information to outsiders.

“Yes, uncle,” Zhang Yuanshan answered immediately. Other disciples also made their promises one by one.

The seniors went to the back of the hall to secretly discuss the matter before returning inside.

Zhang Yuanshan followed Xuan Yuanzi to leave the Great Buddha’s Hall, and then walked towards the yard he lived in.

On his way, he couldn’t stop worrying about what had just happened.

Suddenly, he heard a light sigh from his teacher and uncle, Xuan Yuanzi.

The sigh was like a trigger that caused an outburst of Zhang Yuanshan’s confusion. He quickly caught up with Xuan Yuanzi and asked in a low voice, “Uncle, why didn’t you suspect His Abbotship Kong Wen? He didn’t try his best to save little sister Qi, not even showing his Golden Body of Arhat.”

Xuan Yuanzi smiled and complimented, “A very careful and detailed observation.” Then, he looked to the sky and said with a sigh, “The rumor is not false.”

“Huh?”

Zhang Yuanshan looked at Xuan Yuanzi with confusion, but the latter didn’t seem like he would explain what he had just said. He shook his head, which implied that Zhang Yuanshan shouldn’t ask too much.

The night was cold, small snowflakes falling from the sky that had just begun to light up.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21: Disaster and Fortune Come Together
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

After he finished carrying water and eating his breakfast, Meng Qi hurriedly walked towards the Meditation Yard with his broom. He wanted to ask Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan why the bells had rung so urgently in the morning.

“Was it because Qing Jing’s death has been discovered?”

“Did the Dharmakaya-level master find any clues? What was the reaction of the other sects?”

Carrying these questions, Meng Qi walked into the Meditation Yard and pretended that he came to sweep the thin layer of snow that had accumulated last night.

While he was sweeping, he quietly observed the disciples from different sects who walked in and out of the yard. Even though most of them seemed very shocked and confused, very few of them had serious expressions, rather appearing to have something important on their minds.

“Hey, the junior fellow apprentice over there.”

Suddenly, Meng Qi heard Zhang Yuanshan’s voice, which he was very familiar with.

Meng Qi turned his head around and saw Zhang Yuanshan standing in front of a guest room and waving at him. “Please come in and clean the room for me. I’m feeling very uneasy and accidentally made the floor dirty.”

“Okay.”

Meng Qi knew Zhang Yuanshan was making up an excuse for him to enter the room, so he immediately walked towards the room with his broom and dustpan.

Zhang Yuanshan waited for Meng Qi politely and made way for him to enter first. He then looked around and checked the surroundings, pretending that it was just a casual look.

As soon as Meng Qi entered the room, he saw a bright yellow color. Jiang Zhiwei was here, too.

Meng Qi wanted to be as careful as possible so he lowered his head and began to sweep the stains and garbage on the floor.

Jiang Zhiwei smiled. “Little monk, it’s you again?”

“Yes, benefactor Jiang, I’m responsible for cleaning the Meditation Yard these two days.”

Meng Qi noticed that Jiang Zhiwei was pretending that she had only met him once yesterday, so he decided to co-operate.

Hearing “benefactor Jiang”, Jiang Zhiwei raised her right hand and covered her mouth. She then put on a serious expression and said to Zhang Yuanshan, who returned into the room, “Big brother Zhang, big sister Qi and I had established a kind of friendship through the fight we had yesterday. I never expected that she would be involved in such an unfortunate happening today. My anger cannot be appeased. Since you know her very well, do you remember any clues? I certainly will use the sword in my hand to take revenge for her!”

She had defeated Qi Xia yesterday in the kungfu contest.

“What? Qi Xia is dead? The shock and fright Meng Qi felt were like a violent storm which he couldn’t restrain. How could Qi Xia die? How could the smart and beautiful southern girl who loved the art of traps and concealed weapons die so suddenly?”

Pah!

In the midst of shock, although he tried his best to control himself, Meng Qi still wasn’t able to hold his broom well. What he had just heard was far beyond his imagination.

The sound of the collision between the broom and the ground pulled Meng Qi back to reality. He hurriedly bent down, picked the broom up, and pretended to be terrified. “So sorry for my, my impoliteness!”

His stammer was not fake, though. He was too astounded.

“No worries. When I heard this news, I was as shocked as you are. This is way too horrifying,” Zhang Yuanshan comforted Meng Qi in the way he talked to other unfamiliar Shaolin disciples.

Then, he turned to Jiang Zhiwei and said, “Before the New Year, I’ve met little sister Qi once at Mao Ling. Even though we didn’t know each other for long, we chatted like old friends. Yet I didn’t notice anything weird. Perhaps what great master Kong Wen has said is right. She has died because she wanted to reveal that secret and was killed by the curse buried in her body. Sigh, little sister was still so young. Who would imagine that she would die at such a young age? This is truly unfortunate and sorrowful.”

The grief and regret in his voice were real.

Although they couldn’t discuss the two mysterious organizations in public, Qi Xia and Qing Jing’s death would come to light sooner or later, and eventually everyone would know about it. Therefore, Zhang Yuanshan and Jiang Zhiwei decided to tell Meng Qi about it beforehand so that he wouldn’t look suspicious in front of the other monks when he heard about it later.

“So Qi Xia has died because she tried to tell other people about the ‘Samsara World’… At the time, she must have been in front of a Dharmakaya-level master. And yet she still died? Is the “Owner of Samsara” really so omnipotent?”

Meng Qi understood the reason behind Qi Xia’s death, yet his shock and fright did not alleviate at all.

“When there is a chance to escape, who would prefer to be controlled? Who would prefer to risk their lives and be forced to complete all sorts of quests in exchange for ‘ultimate kungfu and magical pills’?”

“Is it true that even a Dharmkaya-level master, the ‘Dragon-subduing Arhat’, can’t stop the ‘Owner of Samsara’?”

Jiang Zhiwei sighed. “Qing Jing has also died mysteriously. The true murderer behind all of this is loathsome!”

“There was something that confused me back then. Did you notice, little sister Jiang?” Zhang Yuanshan thought about it for a moment and said, “When little sister Qi’s curse was triggered, although great master Kong Wen said he was late, he never used the power of his golden body. This is not reasonable at all. I asked uncle Xuan Yuanzi about this in private, but the only thing he said was that the rumor is not false.”

Jiang Zhiwei said, “I noticed it too. After I returned to the Meditation Yard, I asked my teacher about it. He only said that I should research on my own and make my own guess.”

“Didn’t he show his golden body? So it’s still too early to conclude that the “Owner of Samsara’s” Power has exceeded the Dharmakaya level and has reached the level of Buddha as in legends.”

Meng Qi was slightly relieved. He became more curious as to why Kong Wen hadn’t shown his golden body.

“We have to blame ourselves for being too weak and not able to understand higher-level matters,” Zhang Yuanshan said sincerely. The secret arrogance that he had had previously—that his kungfu was strong enough considering his age—had disappeared by now.

Only by becoming stronger, stronger, and stronger could they break away from the control of the “Owner of Samsara” and survive in the brutal missions. And the only way for them to become stronger rapidly seemed to be by relying on the “Owner of Samsara”…

Jiang Zhiwei’s right hand slid to the scabbard of her sword as if she was playing a heptachord. She looked out the window at the azure sky and said with determination, “Maybe we will face similar situations someday in the future. By then, we can only use the swords in our hands to fight for our own survival. Let’s strive together, big brother Zhang.”

They went over what had happened in the Great Buddha’s Hall in the morning as if Meng Qi was invisible, only avoiding mentioning “The Immortals” and “The Myths”.

They would wait until the next “samsara mission” and talk about the two organizations then. Otherwise, if their discussion was heard by the seniors who were also in the yard, they would definitely be suspected.

Meng Qi slowly finished sweeping the floor and returned to his yard to continue his “sweeping life”. All sorts of thoughts filled up his mind; he could not calm down.

After lunch, Meng Qi began to practice transferring genuine Qi, following the instructions of Iron Cloth. He wanted to turn what the “Owner of Samsara” had given him into a property he owned.

However, at this moment, Xuan Xin rang the small bell in the yard and called for an assembly.

“Be quick. Clean up the square near the main entrance and respectfully send the benefactors from each sect away.” Xuan Xin looked like he had just been forcibly woken up from sleep, and was in a bad mood. After giving out this order, he mumbled in a low voice, “Did the head get his brain eaten by a monster? Since when does Shaolin have to be so respectful to other sects?”

Meng Qi roughly understood the reason. Disciples of both Xuan Tian Sect and Dajiang Gang died in the temple. Shaolin had to take some responsibility, and express their apologies.

The char monks quickly arrived at the square near the main entrance with their brooms and buckets, and began to work hard.

Since he had “learned” Iron Cloth and established some shallow internal power, sweeping was very easy for Meng Qi. Many times, he really wanted to use the spare time to practice Eight Divine Steps. However, he knew that there were many masters among the visitors from each sect and the monks that were sending them away. If someone discovered that the Qing Gong he was practicing didn’t belong to Shaolin kungfu, he would definitely face a lengthy interrogation, given the current circumstances.

Suddenly, Zhen Yan pointed at somewhere far away and said, “Little brother Zhen Ding, you see that girl over there? She is benefactor Jiang Zhiwei, the successor of Xi Jian Pavilion and the winner of the kungfu contest.”

Zhen Yan was pretty close with Meng Qi and Zhen Hui, so they naturally gathered together after finishing their cleaning work.

At this time, the masters and disciples from the visiting sects were walking towards the main entrance, accompanied by several Shaolin heads and elders who wore red cassocks. Zhen Yan was pointing at Jiang Zhiwei, who walked behind a young man in blue.

“Humph, do I need your introduction? We are very close, you know?” Meng Qi complained in his head.

Yet he still pretended to be very interested and said, “Oh, I know her! When I was cleaning the Meditation Yard, she helped me out once!”

“Big brother, that is not quite right.”

Zhen Hui looked at Meng Qi with a dull face.

Zhen Yan asked curiously, “Little brother Zhen Ding, is benefactor Jiang Zhiwei the haughty and cold type of girl? I heard that most girls with strong kungfu and sword techniques are like that.”

Meng Qi wanted to show off but refrained in the end. “I don’t know. From how she helped me, she seemed like a very amiable girl. By the way, little brother, what is not quite right?”

Zhen Hui looked at Meng Qi with a frown. “Big brother, normally speaking, shouldn’t boys be helping out beautiful girls instead of the other way around?”

“Shut up!” Meng Qi only wanted to yell this to his silly little brother.

Zhen Yan laughed uncontrollably. He knew too that Zhen Hui was addicted to the Jianghu stories Meng Qi made up.

The char monks around them started to chat in small voices.

“Is that Zhang Yuanshan from Zhen Wu Sect? I heard from other big brothers that he is a famous young master of this generation. In the future, he might have the chance to enter the Human Ranking.”

“Yes that’s him. But I heard that yesterday he lost by half a move to Jiang Zhiwei from Xi Jian Pavilion.”

“To a pretty girl like that?”

“Stop looking down on girls. My mom told me that the prettier girls are, the stronger they are!”

There was a reason why char monks were allocated to the Chores Yard. More or less, they had some problems, and many of them talked and behaved vulgarly.

“Does gender matter? Ten years later, she should be able to attain the Exterior Realm and become a true master. Given her appearance and identity, there must be a lot of Jianghu heroes after her who see her as a goddess,” Zhen Yan suddenly said. “It’s the same for Zhang Yuanshan. He is the direct successor of Zhen Wu Sect, and is very valued by the seniors. His future is so bright. In contrast, we are just char monks who sweep the floor all day. We don’t even have the right to stand near them!”

“Yes, I would be satisfied if they just looked at me for a moment, not to mention standing near them. In the future, when I return to secularity, I’d be able to show off to my neighbors and friends that I once knew a famous master or fairy in Jianghu.”

The other char monks expressed similar feelings.

Right then, the atmosphere was filled with admiration and jealousy.

Suddenly, Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan turned their heads around almost at the same time and looked at them. The two then slightly nodded to Meng Qi.

“Haha, are they looking at me?”

“Now your dream has come true!”

“Who? Who are they looking at?”

The char monks immediately became excited and immersed in their discussions.

Meng Qi took a deep breath to mollify the weird feeling he had and watched Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan leave.

“In the future Jianghu, they will have to be among the most powerful people!”…

Listening to this kind of chatter, Meng Qi, Zhen Hui, and Zhen Yan began to walk back to the Chores Yard after packing up their tools.

As they walked, Zhen Yan said sorrowfully, “They’re climbing up a ladder that leads to heaven, yet we can’t even get out of this Chores Yard. Sigh, little brother Zhen Ding, little brother Zhen Yan, don’t you feel sad and desperate?”

Meng Qi secretly answered in his mind, “I need to find an opportunity to leave Shaolin, now that there is the ‘samsara world’.” I might be able to improve my kungfu rapidly in a short period. If I stay here, I’ll certainly face many suspicions. However, I don’t need to be too anxious. Currently, I need to practice with masters eagerly.

“If I leave Shaolin now, considering my current kungfu level, it would be tough for me to find a suitable opponent that will not kill me. For the moment, since I’ve only established the fundamentals of Iron Cloth, plus it’s just an ordinary kungfu, I’m not afraid that anyone will discover my secret. There are a lot of excuses I can use.”

“Furthermore, if during this time I can learn one art from the 72 Ultimate Arts, then I will have a much larger chance of survival in the ‘samsara world’ in the future. I’ll leave Shaolin sooner or later anyways.”

At this moment, Zhen Hui answered foolishly, “Why should I feel sad? I concentrate on sweeping when I sweep, on eating when I eat, listening to stories when I listen to stories, and sleeping when I sleep. Why would I feel sad?”

“Eh?”

Zhen Yan was speechless to this unexpected answer and didn’t reply. The “Eh” sound was from someone else nearby.

Meng Qi didn’t need to turn around and check who the person was. Due to the opening up of his Dantian and accumulation of internal power, his senses had been greatly improved. He had already noticed that it was the awesome uncle Xuan Ku and another yellow-robed monk who were approaching them.

“Uncle Xuan Ku, uncle Xuan Chi.”

Zhen Yan looked to the origin of the voice and hurriedly put his palms together.

After Meng Qi and Zhen Hui also made their salutes, Xuan Ku nodded his head. “Zhen Hui, go to the Warrior-Monk Yard tomorrow.”

“Huh?”

Even though Zhen Hui had no idea what had just happened, both Meng Qi and Zhen Yan were shocked.

Xuan Chi, whose skin had a golden shine and who seemed very stern and strict, looked at Meng Qi from head to toe. “Are you Zhen Ding?”

“Yes, I am,” Meng Qi replied with confusion.

Xuan Chi slightly nodded. “You also go to the Warrior-Monk Yard tomorrow.”

“Huh?”

Meng Qi was stupefied.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22: Reaction
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Christina Editor: Rundi

Previously, Meng Qi had worried about not having the opportunity to leave the Chores Yard. Now that someone abruptly announced that he had been transferred to the Warrior-monk Yard, he had a feeling comparable to being hit by a diamond falling from the sky while he was simply standing on the road and doing nothing. He was not only confused, but also very astonished and happy. In fact, he felt way more astonishment than happiness, and at the time, he had a dull expression and didn’t know what to respond.

Xuan Chi wasn’t surprised at Meng Qi’s reaction. He explained in a deep voice, “Zhang Yuanshan from Zhen Wu Sect and Jiang Zhiwei from Xi Jian Pavilion both talked to the big brother in charge of guest reception. They complimented on your politeness, your sense of propriety, your cultivated style of speaking, and your ability to restrain yourself. It is very rare that benefactors from other sects would give such compliments to a Shaolin char monk. For this reason, we have decided to transfer you to the Warrior-monk yard and let you learn kungfu, so that in the future you can be a reception monk.”

To be a reception monk of a great kungfu sect, you must be relatively strong regarding kungfu to properly represent the sect.

“The, the only thing I did was to try my best to control myself.” Meng Qi finally understood what happened. He felt grateful towards Zhang Yuanshan and Jiang Zhiwei, and expressed all the joy in his heart.

“As a reception monk, the most important thing is to restrain yourself, control your anger, and thus protect the reputation of the sect.” Xuan Chi replied casually, and turned back and left. He walked majestically, not like a monk, but like a heroic master who had freely lived in Jianghu for many years.

Xuan Ku gave a deliberate glance at Meng Qi and said, “After you enter the Warrior-monk Yard, always remember that trickery will be no use. Only by understanding Zen, calming your mind, and working hard, you will be on the right path. From this aspect, Zhen Hui is better than you.”

Meng Qi knew what he was implying. He was suspecting Meng Qi for being an apple-polisher who wanted to use Zhang Yuanshan, Jiang Zhiwei, and other visitors to break away from the Chores Yard. In his eyes, Meng Qi still used too much trickery.

“Is it okay to judge someone merely based on your guess and assumptions, and when you haven’t seen anything with your own eyes, or heard anything with your own ears? Uncle Xuan Ku, having this kind of obsession in your heart is like falling into the rimless hell.” Meng Qi was never the kind of person that would silently endure unjust judgments and wronged accusations. When there was nothing he needed to care for, he would fight back reasonably.

At first, he wanted to quote from Buddhist scriptures, but after the over half a year he had spent at Shaolin, he still hadn’t graduated from the studying of Sanskrit and the morning chants. As a result, he didn’t know any scriptures, and had to rebut using the language he was the most familiar with.

He also put his palms together on purpose and chanted with a solemn expression, “Namo Amitābha.”

“You!” Xuan Ku glared at Meng Qi. Obviously, he didn’t expect Meng Qi to satirize him. What made him the angriest was that what Meng Qi said was very reasonable, and he had no idea how to refute back.

“Sigh, uncle Xuan Ku is too dogmatic and stubborn. It would be hard for him to avoid falling onto the evil path…” Meng Qi thought. On the other hand, Xuan Ku walked very fast and had already disappeared from the square.

At this time, Zhen Hui gripped tightly onto his broom and looked at Meng Qi confusedly. “Big brother, are we going to the Warrior-monk Yard?”

“Of course. How long does it take for you to react?” Meng Qi looked at Zhen Hui with astonishment. He had talked for a while with Xuan Chi and Xuan Ku. Zhen Hui’s reaction speed was too shocking.

Zhen Hui showed an innocent and na?ve smile. “Nice, now I am one step closer to Buddha’s Palm.”

Meng Qi had to admit that he could not follow this stupid boy’s thinking.

But he quickly adjusted himself and said to Zhen Hui joyfully, “Buddha’s Palm is still very far away from us. But after we achieve a great success in Qi-cultivation, we will be able to learn the 72 Ultimate Arts. By that time, I must learn Flower-pinching Finger, Form Denial Finger, Cross Lake as One Reed, and other ultimate kungfu!”

“Why?” Zhen Hui looked at Meng Qi puzzledly. He didn’t understand why Meng Qi picked these three kungfu.

Meng Qi answered in high spirit, “Because these kungfu are handsome and cool! In the future…”

Meng Qi wanted to say something like they could wear handsome white clothes and fight with swords at the speed of lightning. But he immediately noticed that they were at Shaolin, so he made some small changes to his “ideal future self”.

“Little brother, I’ve told you about the story of Monk Wu Hua, right? We need to achieve his level. Think about it, standing on a small rowboat that floats on the water, wearing a robe that is as white as snow, and holding a flower in your hand with a smile. How cool is that! We would look fantastic! Hehe, and when we meet someone we dislike, we can say this to him: benefactor, the bitter sea of life has no bounds. It is never too late to change yourself and go back onto the right path…”

His sprit grew higher as he spoke, yet he suddenly thought about Iron Cloth and Blade Art of Five Tigers Cracking the Gate, and his enthusiasm gone away quickly.

“It’s no big deal. They are just for temporary use, and in the future, I will definitely follow a completely different route…” Meng Qi comforted himself and retrieved his enthusiasm. But as he prepared to resume to his speech, Zhen Yan, who was standing beside them, suddenly interjected,

“Congratulations, little brother Zhen Ding and little brother Zhen Hui. Now you can break away from the Chores Yard and the endless suffering here. However, as your big brother, I have to remind you that the Warrior-monk Yard is not an Elysium. Even if you accomplish great success in Qi-cultivation, only disciples chosen by the teachers can learn the 72 Ultimate Arts. The other monks will have to stay in the Warrior-monk Yard and continue to practice the Dragon-subduing Staffsmenship, and be a member of the Arhat Formation. Therefore, you shall never be too optimistic.”

He made a smile while he spoke, but Meng Qi could feel the reluctance and unwillingness behind his smile. His words also implied jealousy and sourness.

“Thank you, big brother.” Meng Qi could understand Zhen Yan’s feeling. If it was him who had experienced three years of life as a char monk and always hoped to get into the Warrior-monk Yard but never succeeded, and in contrast, newcomers around him easily broke away from the suffering he would continue to endure, his smile would be similarly reluctant and fake.

They returned to the Chores Yard without exchanging another word. The silence was only broken when Zhen Hui occasionally giggled foolishly.

Meng Qi knew that everyone around him was pathetic people just like Zhen Yan and Zhen Ying, so he didn’t show off as he didn’t want to provoke them.

When it was time for dinner, Meng Qi particularly warned Zhen Hui not arbitrarily to speak about what happened today.

Clap clap clap. Meng Qi was enjoying the meat in front of him when the sound of applause came from the doorway.

Meng Qi turned around and saw monk Xuan Xin walking inside, who clapped his hands with a dazzling smile. “Special day, it is a special day for our Chores Yard! Finally, today there are two disciples chosen to be members of the Warrior-monk Yard!”

Immediately, countless chopsticks fell onto tables and the floor at the same time. Except for Meng Qi, Zhen Hui, and Zhen Yan, all other char monks froze in place as if time had stopped to flow. A strange silence filled up the whole cafeteria.

“Zhen Ding, Zhen Hui, aren’t you going to say something to us?”

After this sentence, the char monks who had turned into sculptures became alive again. They all turned their heads and stared at Meng Qi and Zhen Hui. Their eyes were dark and gloomy, which made Meng Qi a little frightened.

“Uncle Xuan Xin, thank you for making me clean the Meditation Yard.” Meng Qi knew that he couldn’t hide the reason of his relocation from Xuan Xin, so he said so deliberately.

Xuan Xin laughed. “You should also say thanks to your cleverness and eloquence. I know you love to listen to Jianghu stories, so don’t forget about here in the future, all right? Eh, why are you staring at Zhen Ding and Zhen Hui? Shouldn’t you congratulate them?”

A char monk slowly stood up, and said with a smile that was even uglier than a crying face, “congratulations to little brother Zhen Ding and little brother Zhen Hui for becoming warrior monks.”

“Congratulations to little brother Zhen Ding and little brother Zhen Hui for becoming warrior monks.” The other char monks also stood up, and their different voices echoed in the cafeteria. Some were self-pitying, some were bitter, some were resentful, some were painful, and some were jealous, and so on and so forth.

Meng Qi sighed. “It’s just that I am blessed by Buddha. If big brothers sincerely respect Buddha, you will receive the same blessing as well.”

“Big brothers will also enter the Warrior-monk Yard if you concentrate on sweeping, concentrate on eating, and concentrate on sleeping.” Zhen Hui said foolishly.

Meng Qi knew what Zhen Hui said was the right way to do it. But from the char monks’ expressions, while some of them were sneering bitterly and some were glaring with hatred, none of the monks seemed to have taken Zhen Hui’s words seriously. If it was not that they knew Zhen Hui was a sincere and dumb person, they might even think Zhen Hui was making fun of them.

Putting his palms together and chanting the name of Buddha, Meng Qi dragged Zhen Hui to sit down with him and resumed to eating. Dinner time ended in awkward silence. So did Xuan Xin’s “storytelling corner” begin in such an atmosphere.

“Little brother Zhen Ding, little brother Zhen Hui, I knew there’s something special about you. After you come to the Warrior-monk Yard, let’s look after each other.” Zhen Yong, who came to listen to the stories as usual, said joyfully.

Meng Qi was pretty close to Zhen Yong so he said honestly, “big brother Zhen Yong, remember to take care of your little brother!”

Zhen Yong chuckled. “Actually, the big and little brothers of the Warrior-monk Yard all love Jianghu stories. But they are more prideful than I am, so they always wait for me to go back and retell the stories. As a result, I am doing pretty well in the Yard. Hehe, if you often talk about similar stories, they won’t treat you bad either.”

“Well, that’s what I am good at.” Meng Qi slightly nodded. Zhen Hui also nodded energetically. “I know a lot of stories, too!”

Xuan Xin made a cough to stop the whispers below him. “Regarding how we politely sent the visitor sects away today, you don’t need to take it seriously. It’s only that we Shaolin people put an emphasis on etiquettes, but not that we are afraid of these sects. Think about it, there are merely three Dharmakaya-level masters in the Great Jin Dynasty, and we Shaolin have one of them. How can the other sects contend against us?”

“Do you know what the most explosive news in Jianghu is in the past 10 years?”

“Well, this monk has a very strong sense of pride for Shaolin. Look at how he looks down upon the other sects…” Meng Qi quietly shook his head, and answered loudly, “We don’t know what it is. Please teach us about it, uncle Xuan Xin.”

The other char monks also answered weakly that they didn’t know.

Xuan Xin didn’t care about their low spirits and continued complacently. “A few dozen years ago, a peerless genius appeared in Mie Tian Sect, one of the Nine Evil Paths. He successfully attained the Demon’s Body before the age of 50, which is nearly comparable to the Demon Emperor from the era of myths. His last name is Han and first name is Guang, and he calls himself the ‘Evil Master’. His name overawed the entire Jianghu, and among the sects of the evil powers nobody was able to disobey him. Nevertheless, perhaps it’s because the Evil Master conducted too much wrongdoings, he had his retributions. Less than a year after he attained the Demon’s Body, his whereabouts was exposed, and he was found by His Abbotship.”

“That battle nine years ago…Hmm, the earth cracked, the mountains burst apart, and everything between heaven and earth was covered by darkness. A large lake also emerged as a result in the center of the Tai Yue Mountain Chain. Only His Abbotship walked out from the battlefield alive. Rumor says that the Evil Master has been killed or suppressed by His Abbotship.”

“After this battle, Shaolin’s reputation and fame completely overshadowed all the other sects!”

Xuan Xin ceaselessly boasted about how the various eminent monks of Shaolin domineered in Jianghu. Listening to these stories, Meng Qi and the others became very excited and enthusiastic, and really wanted to become the monks themselves.

“How many days, months, and years later can I be as powerful and as strong?”

After the “storytelling corner” ended and they had returned to their rooms, Zhen Guan and Zhen Ying straightforwardly went to sleep and completely ignored Meng Qi and Zhen Hui. On the other hand, Zhen Hui meditated crosslegged for a while, and went to sleep quickly as well.

Meng Qi practiced Iron Cloth and tossed and turned for a long time before he could restrain his excitement and go to sleep. From this aspect, he was a little jealous of Zhen Hui for being simple-minded and having little distracting thoughts.

Surrounded by darkness, Meng Qi felt breathing was becoming increasingly difficult. His body also felt like it was pinned down by thick dirt.

“Is it a sleep paralysis?” In his sleep, Meng Qi had a little consciousness. He struggled to wake up, only to find a distorted, hideous face before him.

Zhen Guan strangled Meng Qi by the throat with both of his hands, and pinned Meng Qi down with his body. His expression was ferocious and his voice sounded like balderdash.

“Go to hell, go to hell!”

“You took away my chance to get into the Warrior-monk Yard!”

“If I can’t get in, nobody can!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23: Benevolence
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Astonished and angry, Meng Qi struggled hard. However, Zhen Guan also fully exerted his strength. So Meng Qi was still pinned down tightly by Zhen Guan, even though he lifted Zhen Guan a little bit.

After a short period of panicked struggle, Meng Qi suddenly realized that although he was breathing with difficulty, he was not suffocating at all. It seemed that Zhen Guan’s hands were tucked in his muscle, so Meng Qi could breathe tolerably.

“Oh, I have the Iron Skin skill!” This idea occurred in Meng Qi’s dizzy mind.

Because this was not just his own practice, he forgot that he had the ability of “Iron Skin” during this crisis!

In fact, “Iron Skin” had little effect on enhancing strength.

Realizing that he was not in danger, Meng Qi gradually controlled his flustered emotions and attentively actuated his Dantian. A warm current slowly rose.

With the onset of his inner force, Meng Qi utilized his strength with his waist, belly, and hands, and then threw Zhen Guan out against the wall.

Zhen Guan was staggering but still struggled to get up. With swollen and rosy eyes, he constantly growled, “I’ll kill you,” and “You grabbed my opportunity to be a Warrior-monk Yard,” and jumped upon Meng Qi insanely.

“You’re crazy!” At this moment, Meng Qi had just turned over the bed and stood on it in astonishment and indignation. He did not try to evade but rather gave Zhen Guan a hard blow on his chest with the “Black Tiger Digging Heart” skill.

Although Zhen Guan hit Meng Qi with his hands, the attacks were just like tickles to Meng Qi.

With a bang, Zhen Guan hit again on the wall, making a muffled sound.

He covered his chest with his right hand and struggled to stand up, but he failed no matter how hard he tried. The blow that Meng Qi gave him was very heavy, as Meng Qi used almost all of his strength.

“Kill, I’ll kill you!

“You bastards, deceptive Buddhist monks!

“I want revenge. I want revenge…”

He murmured madly, with a runny nose and watery eyes.

At this moment, Zhen Ying and Zhen Hui were both awakened by the great noise—one was dazed and the other was stiff while blankly staring at this scene.

When Meng Qi saw Zhen Guan’s manic condition, he thought that if he had not exchanged the “Iron Skin” in the “Samsara World”, he would have been killed by Zhen Guan. Immediately, a great anger emerged from his heart, so he jumped out of the bed, and waved his fist toward Zhen Guan.

However, Meng Qi’s fist directly hit a suddenly appearing yellow cloth instead of Zhen Guan, making a “Puff!” sound.

“Stop!” Xuan Xin yelled and pulled back his sleeves.

As soon as he saw Xuan Xin, Meng Qi shouted, “Uncle Master Xuan Xin, Zhen Guan was crazy. He wanted to kill me!”

And Zhen Guan was ferociously staring at Meng Qi and Xuan Xin, constantly repeating, “I’ll kill you.”

Xuan Xin looked at Zhen Guan angrily, curled his lip, and said, “How can you kill him in this condition?”

He hastened to Zhen Guan and then kicked him. The hit was so hard that Zhen Guan could not say any words.

“What are you looking at? Go back to bed! Do you want to use a metal bucket to carry water tomorrow?” Xuan Xin shouted at the Chores Monk who had come to the door to see what had happened.

“This gang of rubbish!” Xuan Xin turned around and soliloquized. Zhen Ying, lying on the bed, looked more and more gloomy.

Then Xuan Xin looked at Meng Qi, smiled, and asked, “Nephew Zhen Ding, what do you think about this matter?”

Meng Qi, in fact, was a man of experience and had already recovered from his anger. Because he suffered no substantial damage, he glanced at Zhen Guan and said, “Everything is in your hands. But Zhen Guan was already out of his mind. I’m afraid that he’ll kill others.”

Xuan Xin coughed and beckoned Zhen Hui to close the door of the meditation room.

At first, Zhen Hui was a little excited when he saw Xuan Xin kicking Zhen Guan, as if the Stories of rivers and lakes really happened before him. Hearing Xuan Xin, he replied and ran to close the door, then continued to stare at Xuan Xin and Meng Qi.

“This matter has, after all, occurred in our Chores Yard. We’d better keep this matter to ourselves. How about this… tomorrow, I’ll find an excuse to expel Zhen Guan from our Shaolin Temple,” said Xuan Xin, smiling broadly.

Meng Qi realized that if the matter was taken over by the Commandment Yard, he, a Deacon Monk in the Chores Yard, would shoulder the responsibility.

He was thinking about seizing this opportunity to befriend Xuan Xin when the door was suddenly pushed open and a monk in yellow came in, who was wearing brownish-red Buddha beads on his right hand.

“Junior Brother Xuan Xin, you planned to conceal this matter if I hadn’t come here and heard the noise.” The Commandment Monk, who was a little over 30 with long skinny eyes, simpered at Xuan Xin.

Xuan Xin’s complexion changed as he advanced toward him. Smiling, he said, “Senior Brother Xuan Kong, I didn’t want to bother you with these minor matters.”

He took out something from his arms and stuffed it into Xuan Kong’s hands snugly.

Xuan Kong weighed it and smiled warmly. “No one was injured or killed, so it isn’t serious. But we can’t let this madman stay in.”

“Don’t worry, Senior Brother, we won’t trouble you,” Xuan Xin assured him.

Meng Qi stared up at them in stupefied amazement. This temple was, in fact, also a dirty place, at least the Chores Yard was. The “traditional code of conduct” was also applied here.

Xuan Kong looked at Zhen Guan, who was struggling to stand up, and turned to Meng Qi, saying, “Nephew, your Thwart Kung Fu is great.”

Meng Qi subconsciously touched his neck and felt several deep finger marks. A myriad of thoughts crowded into his mind, then he said, “Uncle Master Xuan Kong, I learned some martial arts from my family before becoming a monk, and I often practice them after finishing my work.”

“Eh, don’t be nervous. We all know,” Xuan Kong said with a sneer. “If you didn’t have such a relationship, successors of the Sword Washing Pavilion and the Zhen Wu Sect won’t speak for you, even with eloquent words.”

“They all think this way…” Meng Qi was relieved. He could satisfy the two successors, for this explanation could easily be accepted and it concealed his true relationship with Zhang Yuanshan and Jiang Zhiwei.

Xuan Kong bent his mouth with a spurious smile and said, “As for taking apprentices, our Shaolin Temple never cares where they come from. If you make mistakes, our Commandment Yard will punish you severely. Oh, Junior Brother Xuan Ku and I are good friends, so his attitude is the same as mine.”

After saying this, he turned around and went outside, only leaving the words: “Junior Brother Xuan Xin, remember to deal with it properly.”

“F*ck, these Commandment Yard bastards can’t stand the pride of others in front of them.” After Xuan Kong left, Xuan Xin cursed with bitter hatred without the consciousness of breaking the commandments. “Zhen Ding, were you arguing with them?”

Meng Qi curled his lip and said, “I’m not afraid of them because I’m right.”

“Yeah, they hate this attitude the most,” Xuan Xin looked at Meng Qi and said. “Where are you from? Only you, a highbred and fearless man, can act so courageously.”

“How should I know!?” Meng Qi pretended to be deep and said, “I’ve stayed away from the mortal world, so it has nothing to do with me.”

Xuan Xin spat, completely distrusting Meng Qi’s excuse. Recently, he had found that Zhen Ding was a little precocious, like an adult instead of a child, so he just looked at him and sighed without any words.

“When it comes to Zhen Guan, he’s such a poor fellow who became an orphan from a rich family. All his family was killed by 72 bandits during their itinerary trade route. In order to get revenge, he threw himself into Shaolin Temple, but Xuan Ku knew all of his resentment, so he was finally arranged to stay in our Chores Yard.”

“Now that, due to this reason, you can’t accept Senior Brother Zhen Guan, why do you still give him a glimmer of hope?” Meng Qi frowned.

“Hey, Xuan Ku is such a kind of person. He accepted Zhen Guan to dissolve Zhen Guan’s hatred through the sound and Buddha in the temple. Amitabha, the Teachings of Buddhism are unlimited.” Xuan Xin prayed to Amitabha sarcastically.

“Hehe, why not persuade those 72 bandits to drop their butcher’s knives and become the Buddha?” Meng Qi said angrily.

Xuan Xin answered, “Because he’s unable to defeat them.”

He turned around and looked at Zhen Guan who gradually calmed himself down. “Hey, Nephew Zhen Guan, it would better for you to leave the mountain tomorrow. Maybe you’ll obtain a chance of becoming more skillful.”

“Go down the mountain?” Hearing this, Zhen Guan suddenly sobered up, covered his face with his hands, and murmured painfully, “Dad, mom, I’m a disobedient son, an unfilial son! Five years have passed, but I haven’t taken revenge on anyone…”

Meng Qi sighed and did not prevent Xuan Xin from letting Zhen Guan go because there was little chance for him to stay here.

But this confirmed Meng Qi’s determination to learn martial arts well. Otherwise, in the future, he might not have the ability for revenge.

…

“You?” Zhen De looked at Meng Qi and Zhen Hui in amazement, who appeared in front of the group of new Warrior Monks.

“Wasn’t it said that no one had become a Warrior Monk for a long time?”

“This cunning guy and stupid boy could become Warrior Monks?”

They, who took pride in their Warrior-monk Yard, all repelled them.

Meng Qi observed their expressions and laughed in his heart. He really wanted to shout: “I’m here again.”

Xuan Chi looked at the Warrior Monks who came in recent years, and said to Meng Qi and Zhen Hui, “From today on, you’ll learn from them. Zhen Miao is the Teaching Monk.”

“Zhen Miao?” Meng Qi cocked his head and looked at the gentle young monk.“Him? At my age, he has already become a Teaching Monk, while I am only a Warrior Monk who still remains in the exercise period.”

Zhen Miao wore a yellow frock and looked like a gentleman. And he actually gave off a sense of calm standing over there.

He nodded without smiling. “You all follow behind them.”

Meng Qi and Zhen Hui complied and found their place at once.

“Today, we’ll continue our practice of Arhat Fists. I’ll perform it for all of you, and you must watch carefully.” Zhen Miao saw Xuan Chi off, then lifted his frock, took up a horse stance, and demonstrated the “Prayer Before the Mountain”.

“First, practice in this manner. When learning martial arts, you must establish a solid base, so don’t be greedy or pushy.” Zhen Miao told all the monks to practice.

Both Meng Qi and Zhen Hui had been learning Arhat Fists for several months, so they were able to keep up with the speed of the others. They practiced again and again from the first to the 18th type. After some time, they were sweating profusely.

“Stop!” Suddenly, Zhen Miao walked up to Meng Qi and looked at him seriously. “Your Arhat Fists isn’t good. How do you usually practice it? Now, if you continue to practice in this way, you’ll meet some troubles in the future.”

Meng Qi clearly knew that in his Arhat Fists, which he practiced from the book and Zhen Yong’s help, there had to exist many problems. So he said to Zhen Miao sincerely, “I practice it by following the book. I hope you can give me some directions.”

“You might as well not practice it because it’ll cost you a lot of time to correct it.” Zhen Miao frowned, cocked his head, and looked aside and said, “Zhen De, come here and practice with him. Let him know the bad effects of the wrong movements.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24: Pair Exercise
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Hearing the instruction, Zhen De was surprised at first, but then he grinned and strode out. “OK, Senior Brother Zhen Miao.”

The Kung Fu exercise and plenty of food for more than half a year had helped him grow much taller. With his face covered with some black stubble, he was stout and hulking. Looking at Meng Qi, who was two years younger, his eyes were full of joy, eager to try.

Meng Qi bared his teeth and had an unexpected seriousness, which there was no reason for him to reject. After all, he was zealously seeking for a chance to fight with tactics such as Iron Shirt, Eight Divine Steps, Arhat Fists, Five Tiger-like Bladesmanship, etc., and integrate them together in actual combat.

“I’ll appreciate your instructions, Senior Brother Zhen De.” Meng Qi called Zhen De, the senior apprentice in Shaolin Temple “Senior Brother Zhen De” according to Shaolin rules. Then he stood with his feet apart and balanced himself in accordance with the requirements of the First Movement of Arhat Fists.

Zhen De opened his mouth as if he were about to say something. However, the excitement stole his words, even the prayer “Namo Amitabha” while he put his palms together. Thus, he just did a standardized movement named the Arhat in Prayer after a sudden roar of “Hey-ha”, which he exclaimed in his usual practice.

At the moment Zhen De launched his attack, Meng Qi felt as if he had been immersed in water and could no longer hear or see anything. Having learned from his combat with Cheng Yong, he turned aside to avoid the head-on attack, then he withstood the fists of Zhen De with one hand and punched his belly with one powerful fist.

Instead of being timid in his first pair exercise, he was extremely active and positive.

After this first attack, Zhen De prepared to make his next move. Exactly at this moment, Meng Qi pounced on him and hit him like a fierce storm.

Such a swift and forceful attack from the fearless Meng Qi sent a chill to Zhen De’s heart. He even felt death in the air because of Meng Qi, which could only be sensed from someone who had fought at the risk of his own life.

As he hesitated, he was hit in the belly with a “Bang!” sound, which was so painful that he curled up his body on his back, groaning painfully.

“How weak he is! He seems unable to continue, and it’s only the beginning,” Meng Qi stood in a daze and thought.

In addition to Meng Qi, the other monks present were also stunned and found it hard to believe that the outstanding Zhen De would be outclassed by others in a routine exercise so quickly and easily.

After calmly watching, Zhen Miao walked swiftly over and squatted down in front of Zhen De, trying to unblock his abdomen meridians with inner force to ease his pain.

Right now, people, such as Zhen Yong, recovered from their shock and stared at him in astonishment, and thought to themselves, “Senior Brother Zhen Yong intended to let Brother Zhen De give Zhen Ding a lesson and inform him of the shortcomings of unorthodox movements. While now it seems that the unorthodox beats the orthodox. Well…”

Recalling the brief fight just now, Meng Qi keenly discovered that Zhen De seemed to be dull for a second under his violent attack, so he wondered, “Is momentum an important part in combat?”

After lifting up Zhen De, Zhen Miao said without expression, “Zhen He, come and combat with Zhen Ding, please.”

“All right, Senior Brother Zhen Miao.” A burly young monk came over from the team, who stood there like a black tower.

Meng Qi vaguely perceived the key to winning and was eager to demonstrate it in a new fight, so he put his palms together and responded, “I’ll appreciate your instruction, Senior Brother Zhen He.”

Having received a salute in the same way, Meng Qi launched the first attack like a fierce tiger coming out of its den.

Zhen He, born with unusual strength, did not expect his crazy attack. Although he resisted Meng Qi in a desperate panic, it was too late for him to counterattack, so he was forced to continuously move back.

“Hah!”

With the idea of striking the iron while it’s hot, Meng Qi exhaled an exclamation as he gave a jab at his chest as desperately as he could.

Looking at Meng Qi at this moment, Zhen He’s legs were so weak to support himself, and his palms, having been put together before, were directed open.

Meng Qi seized the chance to take his fist back, turn around, and, using his elbow, hit Zhen He on the right side of his chest.

As Meng Qi held back a little of his strength with full assurance of success, Zhen He was still beaten and coughing severely.

“I appreciate your kindness,” Meng Qi said as he turned back with forceful feet, smiling with his palms together.

What a brilliant and delightful fight!

Onlookers, like Zhen Yong, Zhen De, and others, were grinning from ear to ear for the bull-like Zhen He. During their usual exercises, Zhen He had beaten them all in the end, giving them numb hands and weak legs, and had been the nightmare of them all. However, just right now he was beaten defenselessly by Zhen Ding—a monk with a child’s stature.

“Unbelievable! It must be an illusion!” Looking at Meng Qi’s elegant face, the monks were still astonished.

Having caught his breath, Zhen He scratched his bald head shyly and naively. “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, you’re so wonderful!”

Zhen Miao snorted at the words, with his face taking on a ghastly expression. After a long silence, he said, “I suppose you must’ve been given a deep nourishment in Kung Fu by your influential family and you’ve made great progress in Qi-cultivation, so there is no match for you among the younger monks. Shall we have a simulated fight?”

Since he had opened the Eye Aperture, he was able to see the signs of the inner force of Meng Qi’s movements.

“Oh!”

“I see!”

At this moment, it suddenly dawned on the monks, like Zhen Yong, that Zhen Ding had opened his Elixir Field and made progress in Qi-cultivation. No wonder Zhen De and Zhen He could not beat him!

Even so, would it not be a little unfair for Zhen Ding to fight against Senior Brother Zhen Miao, one of the Teaching Monks and an outstanding martial artist in the Enlightenment Stage?

“Don’t worry! I’ll keep my strength in the primary level of Qi-cultivation.” Zhen Miao stared at Meng Qi with his sharp eyes.

Meng Qi took a breath at that moment. Although he knew the great disparity between them, his fighting spirit soared aloft. He told himself, “If you don’t dare to fight during an exercise, how can you face an actual fight?”

Honestly, having been through a life-and-death struggle, he was not afraid of Zhen Miao at all. It did not matter if he lost. As long as he could find the gap and the weaknesses, then a failure would be valuable.

Moreover, there was still a chance for him to win!

“I’ll appreciate your enlightenment, Senior Brother Zhen Miao.” Meng Qi again put his palms together, itching for the fight.

All the monks drew a deep breath and thought, “Does he really dare to fight Brother Zhen Miao? The disparity between the two sides is as wide as the ocean! Even if Brother Zhen Miao confines his strength to the primary level of Qi-cultivation, his eyesight, experience, and knowledge won’t be changed!”

“Well.” Zhen Miao felt relieved at the sight of Meng’s courage. “You go first.”

Having not declined out of modesty, Meng Qi stretched out his right leg with a bow step and launched a punch at Zhen Miao with his fists.

Unlike Zhen He and Zhen De, Zhen Miao bore the punch stably by using the same Kung Fu, Arhat Fists, and he even struck back with Hollowing Hearts Like A Black Tiger to hit Meng on the right side of his chest.

With his eyes wide open, Meng Qi suddenly threw himself forward to let Zhen Miao’s fists hit him and he struck Zhen Miao’s ears with both fists.

Though the experienced Zhen Miao discovered that something was wrong, he was unable to retreat in the face of Meng Qi’s attack, so he added more power into his fists and tried to fight back against Meng Qi.

“Puff!” He felt as if his fists hit a thick cloth and the strength was dispersed all around. At this time, the fists of Meng Qi almost touched his temples.

“Hah!”

Zhen Miao shouted all of a sudden. Then his ears turned red, his blood pulsated in his temples, and he bent back slightly.

“Paa!”

The fists just grazed his temples and hit right on his cheeks. However, there seemed to be a layer of an air cushion that eliminated most of the strength.

Even so, Zhen Miao had to move back with very chaotic steps, with swollen, red cheeks and a dizzied head.

“You’ve learned Iron Shirt!” Zhen Miao shouted, shocked and outraged.

Meng Qi threw him a faint smile and answered, “Yes, I learned it from my parents. You used the strength in the Enlightenment Stage, didn’t you?”

Since his Iron Shirt was revealed last night, it was unnecessary to conceal it, and he lied to him that he learned it from his unknown family.

In the fight a moment ago, Meng Qi fought in accordance with the instructions of Zhang Yuanshan and Jiang Zhiwei, which were to launch a quick attack against a slow opponent and cause a severe wound at the cost of a slight wound. And he took advantage of the fact that Zhen Miao did not know his skill of Iron Cloth, this being the case in which his Kung Fu level lagged far behind Zhen Miao’s.

With his complexion changing a few times, Zhen Miao said in a cold voice, “Get back into the line and continue to practice Arhat Fists.”

Meng Qi knew that Zhen Miao did not mean to pick on him and that he just could not stand the unstructured Arhat Fists. He was also clear that there were so many mistakes in his boxing that needed to be improved one by one. But defeating Zhen Miao, and to see him suffer such a setback, really overwhelmed Meng Qi with joy.

“I admit I’m such a mean guy!” Meng Qi judged himself.

Back to the boxing practice, Meng Qi took efforts to correct and improve his boxing skills with Zhen De, Zhen He, and the others. Having seen this, Zhen Miao relaxed his facial expression again.

After finishing Arhat Fists and Shaolin Sticks, Zhen Miao commented to them seriously one by one. Finishing this, he turned around and said, “Zhen Ding will continue to practice with me tomorrow and I’ll confine my strength to the primary level of Qi-cultivation again.”

“How strong his ambition to win is…” Meng Qi sighed in his heart and shivered with excitement for the upcoming fight.

“I have to utilize my time to practice Eight Divine Steps tonight.”

After all, he did not want to lose!

“Senior Brother Zhen Miao always gets his way in everything and has already started to practice Mo-Ke Finger of the 72 Ultimate Arts. It’s only natural for him to be proud and arrogant. Who could have ever expected that he would be defeated by you, his younger brother apprentice, who has only small achievements in Qi-cultivation. How could he accept the failure?” Zhen Yong came closer to Meng Qi with a broad smile. “I’m so surprised by your Kung Fu! I’d appreciate it if you could take care of me.”

Meng Qi responded with a smile, “I just won using a method that he couldn’t expect at the time. So, tomorrow it’ll be extremely difficult to win.”

He could only win again in the same way if he learned Eight Divine Steps. Yet it seemed impossible.

Despite that, Meng Qi was not afraid of the fight because he considered it to be a valuable chance to practice with outstanding people, which could possibly be the key to saving his own life in the next World of Samsara!

Meng Qi, Zhen Hui, and Zhen Yong went back to the door of Warrior-monk Yard and came across Xuan Chi.

A dull monk with glassy eyes was following Xuan Chi and was murmuring to himself, “How could I break this movement?”

Instead of introducing the young monk, Xuan Chi just told Meng Qi and Zhen Hui, “Come to the Kung Fu Acting Hall after dinner. I’m going to teach you the Shaolin Temple Heart Sutras.”

Meng Qi had heard from Xuan Xin that the Shaolin Cultivation Method, one of the basic Inner Qi Forces in the Shaolin Temple, was ranked in the top 10 among similar basic methods, with qualities like purity, honesty, and virility. Because of its simple operating route, it was compatible with most magic Kung Fu, and it would be easy to transfer directly to other Inner Qi Forces in the future.

Meng Qi secretly decided to focus on the Shaolin Cultivation Method in the days to come and operate the rough route that came with Iron Shirt only in the use of Iron Shirt.

As he watched Xuan Chi going away, Zhen Yong whispered, “See the brother beside Uncle Master Xuan Chi? He’s another Teaching Monk called Senior Brother Zhen Ben. It’s said that he has a mania for martial arts and there are a lot of anecdotes about him…”

They finished dinner, talking and laughing. Then Meng Qi and Zhen Hui rushed into the Kung Fu Acting Hall. Zhen Yong had nothing to do and went with them, intending to practice with someone else.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25: The Hegemon in the Exhibition Hall
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

With a long breathing rhythm, Meng Qi’s inner force was delivered from his Elixir Field, turned three passes, ran through the Mingmen, entered the Mud Ball, and finally gathered into his chest. It was like a heavy snow had fallen and all rivers had been pulled into the sea.

After several days of training like this, Meng Qi gradually learned the essence of the “Shaolin Cultivation Method”. He then inhaled, sagging his body before opening up his eyes.

At this moment, Xuan Chi, who had taught him the heart sutras, had disappeared. Outside the quiet room, he heard the sound of flesh hitting flesh.

Struck by a thought, Meng Qi stood up and walked out of the quiet room, entering the Kung Fu Acting Hall.

Though he did realize the importance of the cultivation of Inner Qi Force, he could only touch these Buddhist monk knives and practice bladesmanship in the hall these days, except when he was engaged in patrol or guard duties. Then he would practice and strengthen his inner force after the closing of the Kung Fu Acting Hall and his return to the meditation room.

“Junior Brother, do you want to leave with me?” Meng Qi asked casually when he saw Zhen Hui had opened his eyes.

Zhen Hui’s cheeks were ruddy and he looked confused as if he had just woken up. He answered shyly, “Senior Brother, that warm mouse was funny, so I want to practice the heart sutras some more.”

“OK. Now it’s time for you to lay the foundation. You’d better open up your Elixir Field as soon as possible.” Meng Qi smiled and opened the door of the quiet room and returned to the hall.

The weapon rack was against the left side of the wall, which was mostly stocked with long sticks, a few Buddhist Commandment Blades, with a few long-swords mixed in. In each corner stood two Deacon Monks wearing yellow clothes. They were present to help avoid accidental injury during sparring matches.

Meng Qi looked around and saw Zhen Yong burying himself in the Arhat Fists pair training. So he did not say anything to Zhen Yong and just walked straight over to the weapon rack. He picked up a Buddhist Commandment Blade that had no edge and weighed it in his hand. Then he postured, performing a slow and clumsy practice, according to the Five Tiger-like Bladesmanship lessons given by Qi Xia.

One Deacon Monk standing beside Meng Qi unconsciously squinted his eyes when watching him practice. He watched for a while and realized that Meng Qi was performing the most basic moves of bladesmanship. After shaking his head, he returned his attention to the other monks training.

Meng Qi moved from posture to posture, gradually forgetting everything around him. He sank into his world of practice, where he swung his sword easily, like the wind. He adjusted his mistakes according to the esoterica.

After some time had passed, Meng Qi put the sword back, and beads of sweat had broken out across his forehead. He paused, savoring the gains he had just reaped from his practice.

“Whew, I could almost master my bladesmanship in a month if I practice to this degree every day.” Meng Qi sighed deeply with delight. Picking the blade back up, he again postured and swung his Buddhist Commandment Blade.

At this time, Meng Qi’s “Blade Art of Five Tigers Cracking the Gate” was quite a mess. That was because he had concentrated on his footsteps. Displaying bladesmanship was just a way to mask his practice of the “Eight Divine Steps” to avoid being discovered by the Deacon Monk.

After an hour, Meng Qi remembered most of the footsteps for the “Eight Divine Steps”. Combining this with his inner force, it was not hard to increase his Qi. But Meng Qi felt this was still far from the threshold, let alone mastery. It was obscure, like something he could not understand was in between there. Right now, he could only remember the complicated footsteps, which was not useful at all.

“It appears that I need to practice with actual combatants to find out the secret of the footsteps.” Meng Qi felt exhausted after a night of practice. He put the Buddhist Commandment Blade back on the weapon rack and walked toward Zhen Yong.

“Hey, Junior Brother Zhen Ding, have you mastered the Shaolin Temple heart sutras?” Zhen Yong was standing bent over with his hands on his knees while he tried to catch his breath. He was exhausted from the pair exercises he had done earlier.

Meng Qi smiled. “Senior Brother Zhen Yong, have you forgotten that I’ve opened up my Elixir Field?”

“Right, I forgot!” Zhen Yong patted his shaved head and slowly straightened up.”Will you go back to the meditation room now?”

The meditation room of the Warrior-monk Yard was a double room. Meng Qi and Zhen Hui were living next to Zhen Yong.

Meng Qi nodded his head. While calling out to Zhen Hui, he suddenly saw in front of him a burly monk savagely hitting another monk.

With a snapping sound, the weak monk was forced to step back. He looked at his opponent with surprise and anger. But, before he could say a word, that burly monk who had hit him spoke up maliciously, “How dare you hit me? Do you want to fight with me? All right, come on then!”

The weak monk’s face paled and he was clearly afraid, however, he did not turn down the challenge. He postured and fought with that atrocious monk.

It came as no surprise that the weaker monk’s defenses were no match for the burly opponent. Beaten black and blue, he staggered away toward the exit of the Kung Fu Acting Hall.

And that bully-like monk triumphantly shook his fist, boasting all around.

Meng Qi was so shocked it took him a moment to find his voice. Looking at Zhen Yong, he said, “This is ridiculous!”

“He committed a crime of provocation and a blow to his sectmate under the eight Deacon Monk’s eyes. All the while, the monk getting beaten up did not even call out for help! Where is the Shaolin Discipline?”

Although it had been said that where there was Jianghu, there were bound to be a few bullies, but Meng Qi thought the Shaolin Temple was a peaceful place for practicing Buddhism as some prominent monks had made achievements. Even if dirty stuff existed, it should not be seen publicly like this.

Zhen Yong whispered, “His Dharma name is Zhen Liang. He came to the temple three years ago and he just now reached the primary level of Qi-cultivation. He likes taking advantage of the rules by bullying the weak in the Kung Fu Acting Hall.”

“Rules?” Meng Qi asked in confusion.

Zhen Yong said with a smile, “It’s our own yard rule. You can not reject a request for a sparring match when you are practicing in the Kung Fu Acting Hall. After all, if you are a Jianghu fighter, you can’t just say, ‘I don’t want to fight you’, when someone is trying to kill you. There are situations where the challenge is discussed in advance, but there are distinctions. Once a monk has reached advanced success of Qi-cultivation, they will no longer train here, they have their own hall for their level.

“Zhen Liang uses this rule to challenge monks that he has had conflicts with. As for his bragging, it’s considered a reasonable provocation in the Kung Fu Acting Hall. It helps monks acclimate to those types of situations and help them prevent emotional reactions.”

Meng Qi nodded his head as he finally realized the reason for it. “But, the Deacon Uncle Masters and Senior Brothers should know if it’s an unfair or actual practice, shouldn’t they?”

“I’ve heard that Zhen Liang has an elder brother in the Commandment Yard…” Zhen Yong whispered, “So Deacon Uncle Masters and Senior Brothers all turn a blind eye to his behavior unless he breaks a rule. Haha, he’s really a hegemon in the Kung Fu Acting Hall.”

It reminded Meng Qi of the monks in the Chores Yard. He sighed and said, “How can this kind of person gain access to the Warrior-monk Yard? I thought Uncle Master Xuan Ku was a man of integrity.”

“It’s said that Uncle Master Xuan Ku was only in charge of the first few groups. The later groups were picked up by the other Uncle Masters. They’ll evaluate our performances and pick their disciples.” Zhen Yong did not have an unfavorable opinion about Xuan Ku.

Meng Qi felt wrong about his thetic view. He squinted at Zhen Liang, who was chatting and laughing with others.

“What I need is an actual combat practice. Now, I’m just worried about who the right man is!” Suddenly, Meng Qi walked up to him.

The pressure of death in the World of Samsara left him no room to hesitate. It also suited his wish to be expelled from the Shaolin Temple for this.

Zhen Yong did not know why Meng Qi was walking over to Zhen Liang, so he just watched quietly.

“Hey, how dare he not clean the yard for me.” Zhen Liang watched the gate.

The monk next to him chuckled, “He doesn’t know about Senior Brother’s skill. Who can defeat you in the entire Kung Fu Acting Hall?”

“Haha, I’m not that easy to defeat, even though I’m quite genial in my daily life.” Zhen Liang laughed out loud.

At this moment, Meng Qi walked up to him and shoulder-checked him with a snap.

Zhen Liang stepped back and looked at Meng Qi in astonishment. “Usually, I’m the one to bump into others, but today someone is bold enough to shoulder-check me!”

Meng Qi, clenching his fists, crossed his arms over his chest and said with a half-smile, “How dare you bump into me! Are you looking to fight? Well, come on then!”

“What?”

Zhen Liang stood frozen, surprised by the role reversal. Several of his companions stared at Meng Qi in shock. “Where did this little monk come from? He looks good, but he must have lost his mind.”

“The audacity!”

Zhen Yong’s face changed and he tried to stop him. But, he suddenly remembered that the Teaching Monk, Zhen Miao, had been beaten by Zhen Ding this afternoon, so he slowed down and looked at the two with a smile.

“Damn it! You bastard!” Zhen Liang came back to earth with anger. “Only I can bully others. No one can provoke me!”

He imitated Meng Qi by crossing his hands and clenching his fists, his joints rattling. He said with an evil look, “Ok, let’s have a practice battle! If you don’t cry for mercy, I’ll be your junior brother!”

The Deacon Monks that surrounded the hall did not change their expressions and acted like there was not a conflict taking place.

Immediately, Zhen Liang rushed at Meng Qi. His momentum was huge and powerful.

After half an hour, Meng Qi had given Zhen Liang a few thumps and punches, leaving him laying on the floor. The surrounding monks either looked blank or terrified. Straightening up, he leisurely patted his frock. “Well, well, junior brother, you do need to practice more.”

At the start of the fight, Meng Qi was familiarizing himself with the combination of the “Eight Divine Steps” and “Arhat Fists”, which made him look inept. Zhen Liang felt excited and acted like he had already beaten Meng Qi to tears. But, as Meng Qi’s movements began to smooth out, he took a sharp offensive, which left him time to think about his gains. With the help of the Iron Shirt and the vigor of death, he swiftly beat Zhen Liang to the ground, thoroughly clobbering him.

“Junior… brother…” Zhen Liang roared with chagrin. He could not believe that he had been defeated. “Undoubtedly, I knew I would prevail in the first few breaths, however, this little monk became a monster in the twinkle of an eye. My fists were no more effective than scratching his back!”

Meng Qi looked down and turned to Zhen Liang. “Well, it seems you’re contesting my win? Come on then, let’s fight again!”

Facing this guy who was acting like a bully made Zhen Liang clench his teeth and slowly pick himself up without saying a word.

Meng Qi quickly became familiar with the Arhat Fists and also grasped some of the essences of the Eight Divine Steps. He was in a pretty good mood and was eager to spar with another opponent.

Suddenly, all the monks around him scattered, ending the practice.

“Why don’t give me a chance…” Meng Qi shook his head and turned again to Zhen Liang, who was turning black and blue.

Zhen Liang was embarrassed and dashed off without thinking.

“Junior Brother Zhen Ding, your Thwart Kung Fu is really outstanding.” Zhen Yong tried to entice with a compliment. At that moment, Zhen Hui walked out of the quiet room.

Meng Qi squashed his desire to fight and instead, returned to the meditation room with them, so he could practice his “Shaolin Cultivation Method”.

The next day, Meng Qi was still carrying water, reading words, and practicing by himself. After he had finished practicing, Zhen Miao stood in front of him, with his hands clasped behind his back. “Junior brother Zhen Ding, are you ready?”

“I’m ready.” Meng Qi answered while stepping out of line. He felt both stressed and excited about fighting against a powerhouse.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26: The Villian Mr. Meng
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Puff, puff, puff!” Several powerful sounds were echoing in the cold and dry air.

Actually, Meng Qi had known that there was a gap between Zhen Miao and himself and prepared to accept the upcoming failure. But he had not expected that the gap was so huge until now, even though Zhen Miao confined his strength to the primary level of Qi-cultivation and used Arhat Fists only.

As for Zhen Miao, he had known that Meng Qi had learned a little Iron Shirt. Thus, he was trying to target Meng Qi’s weak points, like temples and eyes, again and again with rigorous and fierce fists on the one hand; and he patiently responded to the flaws shown by Meng Qi deliberately on the other hand—it seemed that Zhen Miao would not give Meng Qi any chance to batter him. Even when there was a perfect chance, he would retain at least half of his force for defense instead of sparing no effort to attack, unless he was facing Meng Qi’s weak points directly.

Through continuous actual fights, Meng Qi had generally mastered the Arhat Fists, but he still could not catch Zhen Miao’s swift and precise movements. Sometimes, he knew the attack was coming but just could not catch it with his eyes, and sometimes, his eyes eventually caught it but his body just could not react at the same time. Without Iron Shirt to withstand the fists several times, he would have been defeated. A series of “Puff!” sounds proved that he was hit again and again.

Although he was not hit in the vitals, Meng Qi still felt a dull pain from the continuous strikes.

Of course, Meng Qi had gained a lot in spite of the pain—he perceived that the Arhat Fists was becoming something instinctual, and it was no longer difficult for him to master it.

Right now, a sudden gratitude for Jiang Zhiwei struck him. If not for her, he would not have chosen to exchange the Thwart Kung Fu Iron Shirt before. Instead, he would have to go through thousands of failures in pair exercises to get it, like most inexperienced people. Yet, he could now forge the fists into an instinct through pair exercises with the help of Iron Shirt.

Even so, it was still difficult for him to get out of this defenseless situation! Zhen Miao’s powerful and rigorous fists left him no opportunities to struggle with Iron Shirt!

“Oh, no! I must find a way out for myself. It’s nearly beyond what I can bear…” Meng Qi thought. But he did not panic at all. Instead, he strived to seek counterattack chances in the absence of the fear of death, backed up by Iron Shirt.

All of a sudden, Meng Qi discovered that in this round of attack, Zhen Miao unconsciously exposed an obvious defenseless part at the left side of his body—a part that rendered him some time to extricate himself from the frontal attack and take a break!

This time, Meng Qi manipulated his body successfully. After a deceptive movement, he tried to throw himself to the left.

Unfortunately, before he made it, a leg from somewhere wrapped that was with white leggings directly kicked toward his belly.

“Damn it!” Meng Qi complained about it as he dodged the leg. Just then, the sound of the wind rang out near his ear, which was produced by a fist that had stopped at one of his temples, and the pressure put on it brought him a headache.

“Well, that’s enough for today.” Zhen Miao took his fist back and announced the end of the match as he put his palms together. From the faint smile on his face, it was apparent that he was really concerned about yesterday’s shame and satisfied with today’s win.

“Thanks for your instructions,” Meng Qi responded with his palms together as he summarized the experience by reviewing the fight.

No matter what intentions Zhen Miao had, such exercises were a great help to him.

The solution to the deceptive move of Zhen Miao just occurred to him. If he had used the Eight Divine Steps, he would have not only avoided his leg kicking but also induced Zhen Miao’s real flaws.

As this idea just came up in his mind, Meng Qi blurted out, “Senior Brother Zhen Miao, please give me instructions in the fight tomorrow.” He thought, “Alas, I didn’t think of the way until now! It seems that I’m not proficient enough in Eight Divine Steps.”

“What?!” All the monks looked at Meng Qi, doubting if they had misunderstood. “How dare he challenge Senior Brother Zhen Miao again!”

Stuck for a second, Zhen Miao nodded slowly at Meng Qi and answered, “If you fail to withstand 10 movements of mine tomorrow, you’ll lose the opportunity to fight with me in the days to come.”

On the way to the Dining Hall—

“Gee, are you crazy?” Zhen Yong looked Meng Qi up and down like he was looking at a stranger.

And Zhen Hui was looking at Zhen Yong with confusion. “Why did you say that, Senior Brother Zhen Yong? He’s doing something that every hero will do, isn’t he?”

By giving Meng Qi an odd stare, Zhen Yong wondered what strange stories had Meng Qi told to Zhen Hui.

Meng Qi knew that he was acting very strange, so he just told him frankly, “Senior Brother Zhen Yong, actually, I just came up with a brilliant move to deal with the situation just now, and couldn’t help blurting it out.”

“You came up with it after the fight, so you must be unfamiliar with the movement, right?” Zhen Yong guessed what Meng Qi did not say.

Meng Qi nodded, murmuring, “I have to go to the Kung Fu Acting Hall and practice it with someone else.”

After dinner, Meng Qi sat in meditation and practiced the Shaolin Cultivation Method for a while. Then he rushed to the Kung Fu Acting Hall.

He looked around the hall and flashed a smile because Zhen Liang was doing pair exercises with a monk. He was launching violent attacks with a fiendish and ferocious face, seemingly trying to give full vent to his rage and grievances.

Meng Qi slowed down and made a large circuit there. He saw that the monk was punched and hit again and again because of his lack of strength, and his face became black and blue.

“Haha!” Watching the monk stagger out, Zhen Liang roared with laughter. Just then, a powerful force bumped on his back and pushed him to hit a monk standing opposite him.

“Wow! How dare you hit me! You’re being extremely arrogant. Come on, let’s have a pair exercise!”

“I hate that sound!” Zhen Liang’s body involuntarily stiffened for a second. Then he turned around slowly, intending to retort upon him, yet some other words just escaped his lips. “Sorry, I’ve got a partner.”

“Really? But I just saw him go out. Well, how about fighting for about half an hour? You can have a breathing spell now,” said Meng Qi with a seemingly bright smile on his charming face. But to Zhen Liang, he looked like an evil ghost.

Looking around, Zhen Liang discovered that most of the monks stood far away from him except for a few who got along well with him. As he was not willing to incriminate his friends, he summoned up his courage by clenching his teeth and said, “Well, let’s get it over with!”

At first, Meng Qi was amused by Zhen Liang’s “resigning himself to his fate” response. But then, he quickly resumed a serious expression and launched an attack with a shout.

After half an hour—

“Please, please! I throw in the towel, throw in the towel.” Zhen Liang threw himself on the floor like a dead dog, refusing to stand up.

“All right, so much for today.” Meng Qi nodded with his hands touching his stubble.

“After all, I’m already familiar with the key movement of the Eight Divine Steps. I’ll be sure to ‘surprise’ Zhen Miao, provided that he only employs Arhat Fists,” Meng Qi thought.

Hearing that, Zhen Liang instantly rose up to flee out.

After a few steps, he stopped and pretended to be calm. “You know what? My elder brother is one of the Commandment Monks of the Commandment Yard!”

“Wow, so finally you’re going to cry to your brother?” Meng Qi sneered.

Such an ironic tone was beyond Zhen Liang’s expectation, leaving him dumbfounded.

Knowing that he would undergo Samsara many times with abundant Kung Fu books and equipment, Meng Qi did not care much about the Commandment Monks. He just grinned. “Whether it was before or after I got my Dharma name, Zhen Yong, I’ve done everything with a clear conscience. So if I violate the commandments, I won’t bother you but take the punishment voluntarily. It’s time for you to go, or do you want another fight?”

Zhen Liang was frightened to scramble away because he had never met a guy that had no hint of fear for the Commandment Monks since he “dominated in the exercise fight” a year ago.

“Zhen, Zhen Yong? Is there something wrong with you?” Zhen Yong stood beside him, confused.

Meng Qi gave him a glimpse and said, “Just kidding. There are so many differences in stature and appearance between us, only a blind fool couldn’t distinguish us.”

“Alas, no sense of humor. What a pity!”

…

The next day, after the regular practice again, Meng Qi stepped toward Zhen Miao as keen as mustard. “Please give me some instructions.”

Although monks like Zhen De had expected it, they were still astonished when the expectation turned to reality. “What’s wrong with Zhen Ding? How dare he challenge Senior Brother Zhen Miao again and again!”

“Him winning last time was nothing but a fluke. How could he think himself on equal terms with Senior Brother Zhen Miao?”

“He’s as proud as Lucifer!”

“Doesn’t he realize that a great disparity was revealed yesterday?”

As for Zhen Miao, he just nodded and squared off for Meng Qi’s first shot.

A similar scene had just played itself out. Meng Qi was forced into the awkward dilemma by Zhen Miao again. Although Meng Qi made great progress in Arhat Fists, he was no match for Zhen Miao. Instead of counterattacking, what he could do was to avoid some of the fists as much as possible.

Watching such a scene, Zhen De said in delight, “I knew it! Want to beat Zhen Miao? Not in your lifetime!”

“Exactly! It only happens in his dreams.” Other monks agreed, as the ones who stood out usually endured the brunt of the attack. “In just a minute, Senior Brother Zhen Miao will win again!”

“Of course! Since he’s cautious, I guess he won’t use that same movement as yesterday.” Zhen De assumed confidently.

Before Zhen Miao exposed his weakness deliberately, Meng Qi withstood fists with his shoulders first and then attacked Zhen Miao on the right side of his body when he lowered his left shoulder.

Facing Meng Qi, Zhen Miao jerked out of the way, trying to strike his ears with both fists and hit right on his temples fiercely.

Suddenly, Zhen Miao was dazzled, and in a flash, Meng Qi disappeared without a trace.

It was not Meng Qi’s speed, but his unexpected and weird movements that were out of Zhen Miao’s expectation and caused the hallucination of Meng Qi’s disappearance.

“Damn it!” Zhen Miao did a double-take, but then Meng Qi had avoided him and stood back to back.

Meng Qi took this good chance to hit Zhen Miao’s back with his elbow of steel.

“Puff!” Meng Qi felt as if he had given a punch in cotton. It turned out that Zhen Miao’s cloth swelled up and counteracted most of the power.

It was beyond the strength of the Qi-cultivation Stage! Having realized that, Meng Qi stopped in time and smiled. “Very impressive, Senior Brother.”

Angry at his second failure, Zhen Miao said with a pale face, “Let’s fight again tomorrow.”

It seemed that Zhen Miao took Meng Qi as a real opponent seriously.

It happened so quickly. Before the monks like Zhen De had realized, the winner had stood out. The fight was so wonderful, just like a dream, leaving all the monks staring blankly at Zhen Miao and Meng Qi, doubting what they had just seen.

After a while, some attention and vigilance appeared in their eyes.

Anyway, Zhen Ding defeated Zhen Miao again. He had to have some outstanding merits!

“Well done! It’s hard to accept the fact that you just learned Arhat Fists,” said Zhen Yong, who caught up with Meng Qi and Zhen Hui after the fight, looking at Meng Qi with quite a different look.

With a hint of complacency, Meng Qi boasted without shame, “It’s all about my talent.”

After all, he could not reveal the secret of the World of Samsara.

“Will you go to the Kung Fu Acting Hall?” asked Zhen Yong.

Meng Qi nodded his head vigorously. “Surely. I have to make preparations for tomorrow’s fight.”

Meng Qi practiced Inner Qi Force after dinner and stepped into the Kung Fu Acting Hall as usual.

When he had just entered, he noticed that a nervous look occurred on Zhen Liang’s face. In order to cover up it, Zhen Liang asked a monk near him to practice. They attacked each other with gentle movements as if they had wanted to practice until the end of time.

Other monks near Zhen Liang started their own exercises, not giving Meng Qi a chance to “provoke” them.

“Why? Am I a villain?” Meng Qi said in confusion. Then he thought, “Well, it’s not a bad feeling!”

Zhen Yong “agreed” with him this time. “Zhen Ding, you’re a wicked monk!”

Over the following month, Meng Qi spent most of his time in the challenges and counter-challenges with Zhen Miao, in which he lost most of the fights, and at night, he would practice Kung Fu himself at the Kung Fu Acting Hall. In the second half of the month, he thought that the monks there were no match for him, so he entered the Fighting Hall. As expected, he was beaten black and blue, but he still enjoyed it because he had achieved obvious advancements in Inner Qi Force, bare-handed skills, and bladesmanship!

One day at noon, Xuan Chi announced a task. “Tonight, you’re responsible for guarding the fortress at the back mountain.”

Seeing those puzzled faces, Zhen Miao explained, “The demons and ghosts subdued by Shaolin were trapped at the back mountain, so it’s necessary to have men on watch. Don’t worry. All you have to do is keep an eye on the surrounding environment, while our respected masters from Dharma Yard and Bodhi Yard will take everything under control in the building.”

“Demons and ghosts?” Meng Qi took a deep breath unconsciously.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27: Reward and Punishment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The cold wind ripped over the edge like a sharp steel knife was slashing across his body. Meng Qi shuddered with cold, though he was wearing a thick frock and underpants. He had to operate the Shaolin Temple heart sutras to get warm, and inner force slowly flowed through his body, thus the coldness was expelled.

The road toward the back mountain was heavily guarded. There were even guard monks at the edges of the cliff where no one could pass through. Meng Qi, Zhen Hui, and Zhen Yong were arranged at the front of a narrow road leading to the back mountain. On each side was cliff walls and the front had a large and dense forest.

“Senior Brother, are there the White Bone Woman and Spider-Woman in the back mountain?” Zhen Hui asked. He had not opened up his Elixir Field, thus his Inner Qi Force was in a slow growth. He was so cold that he skipped, staring sharply at the dark end of the narrow road. That was the back mountain.

“White Bone Woman? Spider-Woman?” Zhen Yong was momentarily confused. By giving Meng Qi an odd stare, Zhen Yong wondered what strange stories Meng Qi had told Zhen Hui.

Meng Qi laughed as between the hard practices of Kung Fu to cope with the life-or-death pressure in the World of Samsara, it was somewhat the only leisure for him. “Now that Senior Brother Zhen Miao has said there are demons and ghosts, then there must be some alluring women.”

He did not know well about the demons and ghosts, so he mentioned it on purpose to see if Zhen Yong could explain it.

Zhen Yong was watching the end of the road absent-mindedly, and it was like he was talking to himself. “The true demons and ghosts… How many people have ever seen them? Since the Demon Mess time has gone, the demonic cult has sunk without a trace. At least, we ordinary people can rarely find them. It only occurs sometimes that a scholar meets a Fox Woman or a master faces down a Snake Spirit. Well, I haven’t seen one yet.”

Meng Qi nodded his head and did not ask more questions, for Zhen Yong really seemed to know little about it.

The night dragged on, the north wind getting colder. Zhen Hui had found a stone to sit on for meditation and Zhen Yong was walking about to drive out the chill.

With the quiet environment and guard monks from Dharma and Bodhi guarding behind, Meng Qi gradually put his mind on the last step of the Eight Divine Steps. Suddenly, a deadly cold wind came past and Meng Qi shivered. Then, he became sober and had a flash of genius, and had all the passes figured out.

After figuring out the last key to the Eight Divine Steps, Meng Qi could not help giving it a try.

Though Zhen Yong “knew” that he had a technique inherited from his family, Meng Qi was still not accustomed to using the steps directly. While the bladesmanship could cover it up, the movement was so big that Zhen Miao and other people who were patrolling would find out and, thus, he would be scolded.

Looking around, Meng Qi said to Zhen Yong with his hands pressing his stomach, “Senior Brother, my stomach is aching. I have to go to the toilet. Sorry to give you trouble.”

Zhen Yong had a few similar experiences when they were in the Sutras Depository so he felt it was nothing weird. He smiled. “Go ahead! I’ll explain it if Senior Brother Zhen Miao comes.”

Meng Qi carried his Buddhist Commandment Blade and scuttled off into the forest ahead. He did not dare to walk away too far. So, at the side near the cliff wall, he started to practice the steps around the huge trees.

Eight Divine Steps was delicate and mysterious. As it was dark at night, Meng Qi felt that he was like a ghost moving around in and out of the shadows.

“Good! That really is it!” Meng Qi satisfactorily nodded his head after practicing several times and decided to go back.

He suddenly heard a slight sound come from the wall when he was about to go, and all of a sudden, he felt fully tense. He slid and hid behind a big tree.

“I can’t be that unlucky! Aren’t there Uncle Masters and Senior Brothers guarding? And there is such a cliff here!” Meng Qi thought that it was some monster or demon.

He peeped at that side and saw a big hole cracked into the cliff wall beside a big reddish stone. A figure warily darted out.

This figure touched something behind the big stone. The sound came again, and then the stone wall slowly closed.

“Is it the escape exit for the demons and ghosts?” Meng Qi made a guess sorrowfully. He regretted a little bit coming into the forest.

He thought at first that there were just some wild beasts here. And they would not come out on such cold winter days. It should have been a definitely safe place, while he did not expect that he would meet this thing.

The figure turned around and was going to run into another side of the forest.

At this moment, Meng Qi saw his face clearly against the hazy moonlight.

“Him?” Meng Qi was so surprised and shocked that he almost screamed out. He finally bit his lips to stop himself.

“The person out from the back mountain is Zhen Guan!

“The person who attacked me and suffered from no hope for revenge. It is Zhen Guan!”

“Hasn’t he been expelled from Buddhism?” Meng Qi thought doubtfully. He believed that Xuan Xin did not lie about it because his friend in the Chores Yard, Zhen Yan, said he had never seen Zhen Guan since that day.

Meng Qi stood still and saw Zhen Guan go away. He knew his own power was not good enough to get involved with such stuff as demons and ghosts.

“Men should have self-knowledge. Not everyone is a hero…” Meng Qi said to himself.

“If I go and open that exit, what waits for me might not be some beast’s elixir or some kind of demonic cult Divine Skill. I might be just killed and devoured or become a puppet. After all, the former belongs to ‘heroes’ and I may not have a halo of a ‘hero’.”

He quietly left the forest and decided to seek a more capable person to handle it. Though he had long determined to resume his secular life, he was in the Shaolin Temple right now. He might be implicated into trouble if there would be conflicts in Shaolin.

“Junior Brother Zhen Ding, are you having the runs?” Zhen Yong teased Meng Qi for his late arrival.

Meng Qi said seriously, “Senior Brother Zhen Yong, I encountered a strange thing when I was having the runs, and I think I should report it to our Uncle Master!”

“Oh! Quick! Shoot off the fireworks!” Zhen Yong was taken back. He thought it over and let Meng Qi send an emergency signal right away without asking him what thing was.

Meng Qi’s mouth twitched a little. “This Senior Brother Zhen Yong, enthusiastic, hearty, and generous in normal times, is quite a slippery fellow at critical times. He doesn’t even ask anything and tries to keep himself out of it.”

He did not care much about Zhen Yong’s little thoughts but inwardly made a decision to be wary of him. At that time, Zhen Hui took out a bamboo tube in front of him, aimed it into the sky, and pulled its lid off.

With a swish, a red glow shot up, bursting into a bright sight in the sky.

“Junior Brother is really a man of action. You didn’t ask anything, but just fired it…” Meng Qi wiped the cold sweat on his forehead, and walked ahead of Zhen Hui with his blade, alert to a possible attack.

After two or three breaths, Meng Qi felt dizzy and then saw a handsome, while melancholy, middle-aged monk. He wore a yellow frock and a red cassock, and in his right hand, he had a string of black beads carved with Buddha images.

“Yellow frock, red cassock… Which yard is he the head or Elder of?” Meng Qi was about to greet him, but hesitated as the words were just on his lips. “Should I call him Uncle Master, Grand Uncle Master, or Great Grand Uncle Master? I don’t know him at all. The rank is too complicated.”

However, Meng Qi felt relieved when he saw a high-ranking master monk arrive.

The monk came with a grim face. But having seen that this place was peaceful, he became relaxed as well. He found that Meng Qi was hesitating and understood the reason for it. Then he said with a smile, “My title is Xuan Bei. What’s this emergency firework for?”

“Is the ‘Xuan’ already a title of a yard President or an Uncle Master?” Meng Qi was in complete surprise. But he still put down his desire for speaking out. After thinking it over, he said, “Uncle Master Xuan Bei, just now I went into the forest to urinate and I saw a secret door on the cliff wall…”

Xuan Bei listened to Meng Qi calmly. Then he slightly nodded his head. “You did a good job. No offense and no cover-up. But, are you sure that figure is Zhen Guan, the one who has been expelled?”

“I know what he looks like, but I’m not sure if it’s a monster’s transformation,” Meng Qi answered honestly.

After learning about the exact place of the door and some signs there, Xuan Bei instructed them. “You all follow Xuan Chi back to the Warrior-monk Yard later, and leave this matter to me.”

“Yes, Uncle Master Xuan Bei.” Meng Qi could not wait to leave there. Now he was worried that some demons and ghosts would whip out from the dark.

Xuan Bei stood still, and all of a sudden, he vanished from where he was. He flashed on the edge of the forest, and around him was faint Buddhist singing and Buddha Aura dimly shining. It was solemn and holy like Arhats and Bodhisattvas were landing in this world.

“That is the strength of the Exterior…” Zhen Yong said to himself while watching in the direction Xuan Bei was heading.

Meng Qi said with surprise, “Senior Brother Zhen Yong, you know this Uncle Master?”

Zhen Yong turned back to him and said with a sigh, “I don’t know other Uncle Masters except for Xuan Chi and Xuan Ku, who we usually see. But this Uncle Master Xuan Bei has a solid reputation. I have often heard of him from Senior Brother Zhen Chang.”

“Zhen Chang, the head of the first three ‘Zhen’ Disciples?” Meng Qi knew Zhen Chang, and it was said that he was superior to Zhen Miao and Zhen Ben.

Zhen Yong continued, saying, “Uncle Master Xuan Bei was a Peerless Master Pro traveling through the world, and he had the title, ‘Seven Deadly Hand’. But later, he suffered a sudden misfortune, and his whole family was killed. Though he had gotten his revenge, the killer had a strong background. Some grandmaster came for him. And adding to this, he was disheartened at that time, so he finally decided to escape into our Shaolin Temple. He buried himself in Buddhism and cut all connections of secular life, accompanied by the Old Buddha with the Altar Lamp.

“As he was talented and faithful to Buddhism, His Abbotship valued him and took him as his disciple, which is actually an exception. Then he learned about Mo-Ke Exorcism Punch. He was so spectacular that he had a breakthrough in a short time and became a grandmaster. Later, he even became the first one of the ‘Xuan’ title who stepped into the Eight-fold Heaven of the Exterior. There is only one more step for him to reach the summit.”

“This kind of person is always a legend…” Meng Qi thought quietly, while Zhen Hui was listening with thirsty ears.

Later, Zhen Miao and his group arrived. Many yellow-clothed monks that Meng Qi did not know also came. The three went back to the Warrior-monk Yard with Xuan Chi.

The next morning, when Meng Qi was going to practice writing and find out the result of that matter (he did not have to wake up early to carry water because of the mountain guarding last night), the door was pushed open. The evil-eyed Commandment Monk, Xuan Kong, walked in, and the dejected Zhen Yong followed him.

“Yesterday, your findings made some conspiracy fail, so Bodhi Yard will give you a reward. But it may be in a few days.” Xuan Kong smirked. “But Commandment Yard must punish you for your desertion when you were guarding. Combined with your contribution, you’ll be isolated in the meditation room for three days.”

“Only isolated for three days?” Meng Qi answered him with a “yes”. He cared little about this punishment, for it was too light. He could settle down and practice his inner force.

He was looking forward to the reward of Bodhi Yard. “Will it be one of the 72 Ultimate Arts?”

Three days later, Meng Qi ate up the dinner that was sent to him and finished his isolation, then he opened the door happily.

“Well, Junior Brother, why are you not happy?” Meng Qi met Zhen Hui when he just went out the door.

Zhen Hui angrily said, “Today, Uncle Masters came to choose their disciples, but you were isolated and couldn’t go out.”

Meng Qi’s face suddenly got gloomy. “So this was the reason!

“Was it the disrespect earlier or the elder brother of Zhen Liang in the Commandment Yard?”

He squinted his eyes and said to Zhen Hui in a peaceful voice, “Let’s go to the Kung Fu Acting Hall.”

Although Meng Qi did not want to be a disciple of a Master, as it would be difficult to leave the Shaolin Temple if he did so, still, facing this situation, he was not satisfied at all.

As his voice faded, Meng Qi suddenly noticed that there were two lines of words on the light snow in the yard:

“The second Samsara begins!”

“Please be mentally prepared. The next time it’s open, you won’t be informed and will be pulled in directly.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28: A New Task
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms does have a sense of humor…” Meng Qi secretly curled his mouth.

Meng Qi had suspected that the Jade Buddha was a trigger medium when he found it had unexpectedly broken into two at the end of the first World of Samsara. Thus, he buried it in the corner of the Chores Yard, hoping it would interrupt the call of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms, but apparently, it did not work.

However, Meng Qi actually found himself somewhat looking forward to the World of Samsara again. He wanted to become stronger through the World of Samsara and break through from his current situation.

“Never mind, Junior Brother, Bodhi Yard is focusing on this issue, so I know they won’t mistreat us. Now I will go back to my room to rest,” Meng Qi said to Zhen Hui as he pretended to calm down.

Zhen Hui was itching to go to the Kung Fu Acting Hall. Right now, he could not help turning his head toward Meng Qi. “Senior Brother, it’s not like you to say that!”

“You know me well…” Meng Qi thought. “How is this Junior Brother suddenly so clever? He’s usually so stupid…” He said, “Junior Brother, never mind, we should figure out the reason first.”

Zhen Hui nodded his head without fully understanding and went back to the meditation room ahead of Meng Qi and started to meditate. Now it was the essential time for him to open up his Elixir Field, so he took great care to do it.

Meng Qi had fully understood the power of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms. He did not avoid Zhen Hui as he closed the door and crossed his legs to harmonize Qi-circulation.

His breathing became increasingly peaceful and long. Meng Qi gradually reduced the fear and dread in his heart. All of a sudden, his vision turned black and then flashed bright, and the next second he was in White Jade Square.

There was no change here. White clouds were floating in the sky and there was a dense fog around. Statues of immortal birds and animals were all about.

“Little monk, catch the blade!” Jiang Zhiwei’s voice arose clearly, like a golden oriole. A Buddhist Commandment Blade flew toward him in a beautiful arc.

Meng Qi raised his right hand and easily caught the blade. He saw Jiang Zhiwei standing nearby, with her pale yellow skirt fluttering in the breeze. Zhang Yuanshan and Qi Zhengyan walked over with their clothes fluttering.

“You have made great progress,” Jiang Zhiwei said with a smile, without frustration or aggravation for entering the Samsara task for the second time.

She could tell Meng Qi’s skill level by observing how he had caught the blade.

Meng Qi was actually more comfortable around these acquaintances than those in the Shaolin Temple. He said with laughter, “I don’t want to meet Siddhartha Gautama while I am in my prime.”

He stroked the refined steel of the Buddhist Commandment Blade while speaking.

“Hey, it’s rare to hear you speaking like a monk.” Seeing Meng Qi’s movement, Jiang Zhiwei slightly nodded her head and said, “I know it’s hard to get a sharp-edged Buddhist Commandment Blade in the Shaolin Temple, so I have prepared one for you.”

“Then I must thank you for your favor, Lady Jiang.” Meng Qi called her that deliberately.

And before Jiang Zhiwei could refute, his face turned serious. “Lady Jiang, Senior Brother Zhang, and Senior Brother Qi, have you noticed something weird since we came back from the task last time? I found that the small Jade Buddha with me was broken.”

He decided to tell them honestly rather than beating around the bush. After all, it was such a huge issue that if he did not say it clearly, Zhang Yuanshan and the others would miss the clues. Additionally, now the small Jade Buddha had broken into two, thus it seemed to be useless. Therefore, it would be very unwise to lose the trust of Zhang Yuanshan and Jiang Zhiwei over it.

Jiang Zhiwei wrinkled her deep black eyebrows, thought carefully, and slowly shook her head. “I haven’t encountered anything similar.”

“Me neither,” Zhang Yuanshan said for sure after thinking it over. And Qi Zhengyan also shook his head and gave a negative answer.

“It seems that my Jade Buddha breaking was an accident.” Meng Qi slightly nodded his head. But inside his heart, he had an inkling that it was not that simple, yet he could not sort it out.

“By the way, there’s one important thing that I haven’t told you about what happened in Great Buddha’s Hall.” Zhang Yuanshan could not figure out the thing about Meng Qi’s small Jade Buddha either. He told Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan about the two mysterious organizations, the Immortals and the Myths. Jiang Zhiwei added some words occasionally.

Meng Qi took a breath. “Could it be possible that the root of the World of Samsara is in our world?”

Zhang Yuanshan had already accepted the word “world”. He said thoughtfully, “In our world, there used to be the Taoist Primogenitors and Buddha, devil emperors and demon kings, and a time of Myths; and even big shots who were so powerful that they ruled the whole world. And even now, the Dharmakaya land immortals are not that inferior to the immortals from that time. They can remove the mountains and fill seas and break into the blue sky. It is not strange that Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms is from our place.”

“What happened to those big shots?” Meng Qi was always curious about it. How could those big powers have vanished in the river of time?

Jiang Zhiwei knew Meng Qi was a green hand in Jianghu. She smiled and dimples appeared on her face. “It’s said that some of them were killed by other big powers, while some others were dead because of their life exhaustion.”

“Life exhaustion?” Meng Qi asked surprisingly. In his mind, the big shots who could be regarded as immortals would have definitely had eternal lives.

Jiang Zhiwei gave a long sigh. “It is destiny. Even an immortal has worries about their lifespan. Though they may live thousands of years or more, eventually they can’t escape the fate of death.

“In history, how many marvelous big shots have exerted themselves to think up all kinds of exquisite techniques, such as life-stimulation, resurrection, and spirit-seizing—also from a deity or ghost? But it’s shameful that all of those things are just temporary, not ways out of destiny. So many of these big shots either built up tombs to find a way to last forever after death, or silently vanished in the river of time. Probably only the Taoist Primogenitors and Buddha from the legends can get detached from the world and become immortal.”

“From the legends?” Meng Qi asked sharply. Weren’t they immortal in the real world?

“Before the time of the Myths, the Taoist Primogenitors and Buddha were rarely seen in the world. If it weren’t for Siddhartha Gautama offering his help when the Demonic Buddha tried to eliminate Buddhism tens of thousands of years ago, all humans would think they had passed away one after another. However, the dispelling of the myth has shown hope to all the powers.” Zhang Yuanshan was full of emotions. “Rumor has it that Buddhism has an exclusive training technique that enables people to live as long as the sun. What a pity that it’s only hearsay.”

Meng Qi slightly exhaled. “So the Budhha and the deities will all get old and die?”

He was so young that he did not have many feelings about life exhaustion.

“It can’t be called old. The big powers who have pursued Tao Dharmakaya decayed before death.” Qi Zhengyan showed a trace of admiration, though his face was devoid of expression.

“Decay before death? What’s the lifespan of those who have pursued the Luohan Golden Body?” Meng Qi asked curiously.

Zhang Yuanshan shook his head and laughed. “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, it might be too early for you to know about this. Well, currently the lifespan of the land deities who are in Dharmakaya is, normally, two to three hundred years. But it’s said that in the time of the Myths, these big shots can live tens times longer than that, which may result from the change of the universe.”

Ancient books and records from the time of the Myths were particularly rare. There were only unreliable stories passed down, so later generations could only make guesses.

“Newcomers will join in this task.” At the moment, the solemn and majestic voice of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms rung out.

The voice faded as if there were a big sun befalling with brilliant light, which was so harsh that even Zhang Yuanshan and Jiang Zhiwei, who had opened up their Eye Apertures intuitively, closed their eyes.

After everything returned to normal, Meng Qi saw that there were four people lying on the white jade tiled floor, two men and two women.

“You bastard! I can’t believe you dare to come!” The first one to wake up was a large man, wearing a greasy brown suit. He jumped up cursing and directly aimed his long blade at Meng Qi, who was the nearest.

He seemed to have expected his foe, and he just started attacking without observing the surroundings.

While the two women and the other man were just waking up, they heard a shout and saw the slashing.

“Ah!” A delicate girl among them, wearing a pale-pinkish long skirt, screamed out and shivered with her hands surrounding her chest.

Next to her was a graceful lady. She took a hairpin from her head with a rush and looked so nervous, as if worried that the large man would take aim at her.

The middle-aged man wrinkled his brows and looked at the surroundings up and down from the corner of his eye, his expression becoming increasingly grave.

Meng Qi saw the large man waving his blade, and then made a basic judgment in his mind. He slid away, and like a ghost, flashed to the man’s back. And with a hit from the back of the Buddhist Commandment Blade, the man was beaten, causing him to stagger around.

“Stop!” As the large man barely steadied himself, Meng Qi shook his head and shouted out. His power was enough to reach the primary level of Qi-cultivation, the same as Zhen Liang, but he was more valiant and tough with truly remarkable skills. If it were one month before, he would have floundered when fighting with him. But now, after a long period of training with Zhen Miao and fighting with a variety of people in the Kung Fu Acting Hall, it was just a piece of cake to take him down.

The large man also noticed something abnormal in the surroundings. He was surprised and distrustful, looking at Meng Qi with his blade to the ground.

He was subdued by Meng Qi’s strength and this inexplicable change, which made him immediately put down his pride.

Meng Qi thought maybe a Karma point could be gained if he went to lead these new people. So his eyes swept over the four new people. “You may have noticed the abnormal situation here. My title is Zhen Ding, and I’m not much different from you, only that I have come to this World of Samsara before.”

“World of Samsara?” the middle-aged man in the wide-sleeved robe murmured and stood up slowly.

Meng Qi pointed at the light pillar in the middle and roughly introduced Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms to them. “So, you can exchange the Karma points for exclusive martial arts, divine Refined Weapons, elixirs and miraculous drugs, and anything else you can imagine here.”

“The Buddha’s Palm? Book of Shocking the World? Heavenly Emperor’s Scripts?” the large man asked through his harsh breathing.

Meng Qi pointed at the light pillar, seemingly out of interest. “You can go see it for yourselves.”

“No Karma points given from doing the introductions! I’ll never do that again!”

“Master, divine monk, I… I am so weak. Can you speak to Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms and ask him to release me to go home? I’ll definitely not say a word about it.” The girl in the pale pinkish clothes scrambled to her feet and begged Meng Qi.

Meng Qi, with his palms put together, said with a sigh, “Amitabha, donor, do you think it is possible?”

That girl already had tears filling her eyes, which dropped directly. She sobbed, “Mother… mother… help me, help Little Zi…”

Meng Qi had the same feelings about the situation. He turned to Jiang Zhiwei and notified her to comfort that girl as they were both females. But whether she could survive in the later Samsara tasks would depend on the situation at the time. He, Jiang Zhiwei, and others would possibly not sacrifice themselves for this stranger.

Jiang Zhiwei slightly opened up her mouth using Secret Voice-sending. “Little monk, what does Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms exactly mean by this? Why is an ordinary girl here? Alright, that big guy must have the strength of the enlightenment period.”

She always thought that the World of Samsara was like choosing an undead insect, and its targets were the young people in Jianghu.

Meng Qi shook his head to show that he could not figure it out. Suddenly, he remembered something and then he walked over to Jiang Zhiwei next to the crying girl and said, “Lady Jiang, have you broken through?”

His question was vague because there were strangers present.

“Yes, I have.” Jiang Zhiwei patted the girl, Little Zi’s shoulder and comforted her in a low voice.

“Divine monk, my name is Xiang Hui. I would appreciate very much for your mercy and consideration.” The large man saw the exchange list on the Central Light Pillar and then quietly moved to Meng Qi’s side, nodding and bowing to please him.

After the fight with Meng Qi just now, he thought that this little monk’s strength was profound and was probably better than the other three.

Meng Qi looked at Xiang Hui, who did not look right at him, with a faint smile. When he was about to speak, suddenly the surroundings began changing—the mountains and water began overlapping, and the light and darkness were interweaving.

“Barbarians in the north have conquered the Central Plains. Their policies are reactionary and they kill the common people. The Shaolin monks have all joined in the local rebellions.

“In order to eliminate this trouble, the leader of the northern barbarians, General Duo Ercha, is preparing to lead numerous masters and troops to Mount Shaohua and thus destroy the Shaolin Temple.

“Duo Ercha has bought many monks over to the Shaolin Temple in advance, so this time, his success is basically a certainty. But luckily, some righteous men have sacrificed their lives and sent out this message.

“Main task one: Split up into two teams, break through the interception of the masters sent by Duo Ercha, and bring the list of traitors to the Shaolin Temple. The time limit is three days. For those who don’t arrive on time, 50 Karma points will be deducted. At the end of the Samsara task, those whose Karma points are insufficient will be obliterated! If you arrive on time and get into the temple, 50 Karma points will be awarded.

“Main task two: To be released after the completion of Main task one.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29: Surround and Kill
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The scene before him had gradually cleared. Trees sheltered the sunshine, leaving golden spots on the ground.

Meng Qi was prepared, warily looking around, but there was no sign of approaching enemies.

“Well…” After observing their surroundings well, Meng Qi frowned with a little surprise.

He discovered that only three people were standing about, who were all maintaining straight faces. One was Qi Zhengyan, looking so miserable and glum; one was Xiang Hui, the tough faction member; and the other was Little Zi, a girl so delicate that she even could not tie up a chicken.

“Lady Jiang and Senior Brother Zhang are both not here…” Meng Qi could only feel helpless. He reminded himself of the main task’s tip: “Split up!”

But Meng Qi was not restless. Last time, he was terrified and afraid, but now he had the basic power to protect himself. “It is not like a man to shrink and hesitate!”

“Senior Brother Qi, first we need to ask for the way to the Shaolin Temple,” Meng Qi said briefly, exchanging a look with Qi Zhengyan. He did not care for the sobbing Little Zi and the anxious Xiang Hui.

He discovered that he did not know where he was now at all, nor the direction of the Shaolin Temple.

Qi Zhengyan looked into the sky and the trees around, and then said with a sigh, “I can see that the trees aren’t dense, and the sound of horses and carriages in the distance can be heard. We aren’t far from the main road. We should first go out and ask somebody for directions.”

He knew that Meng Qi lacked experience in Jianghu. So he tried hard to recall his knowledge and lead these people.

Meng Qi turned his head to Little Zi and Xiang Hui and asked, “Will you two go by yourselves or follow us to Shaolin?”

A small evil thought kept telling Meng Qi that without these two, he and Qi Zhengyan would complete the missions easier.

“Master, Master, I’ll follow you!” Little Zi shivered as if she was struck by lightning. She ran to Meng Qi and pulled his sleeve tightly.

Xiang Hui put a broad smile on his face and bowed. “Divine Monk, I only will follow you.”

Meng Qi knew roughly why they flattered him. First, he was a monk, naturally merciful; second, he usually wore a smile, not dull and serious like Qi Zhengyan; and third, his techniques had impressed them.

“Donor Xiang, you unexpectedly know a lot,” Meng Qi said with a smile.

Xiang Hui smiled and said immediately, “Divine Monk, thank you for your praise. I learned it all from my faction, White Paper Fan.”

“This guy, at first I thought he was a rude and bold person like Lu Zhishen. But actually, he is a henchman flattering people.” Meng Qi sighed secretly and turned to Little Zi, who was pulling his sleeve, and said, “Little Zi, if you are to follow us, you’d better not do that, it will hinder our movements.”

He had some evil thoughts before, but he was reminded of the last Samsara task while thinking of Xiang Hui and Little Zi. If Jiang Zhiwei and the others had been repulsed by him and were unwilling to take him, then he would definitely have been killed by the Black Men. So, he was moved as a fellow sufferer and produced the heart of compassion for them.

“As my life was saved by kind Lady Jiang, then I may be kind this time since it’s not dangerous.” Meng Qi sighed in his heart. But of course, no matter how kind he was, Meng Qi would never lose his life for a stranger.

Little Zi released her hands, stepped back, and stood side by side with Xiang Hui. She restrained her sadness and meekly followed Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan out of the woods.

The ground in the woods was not flat—bulging roots, rotten mud, and leaves intertwined together. Little Zi was staggering but she did not complain. She gritted her teeth and tried hard not to be abandoned.

“She is tough inside though.” Meng Qi nodded his head, observing secretly. “If she still cries and is spoiled and doesn’t want to endure hardships, I really might abandon her.

“Being slowed can be accepted, but an encumbrance is a total disaster for me.”

Turning around, Meng Qi saw Qi Zhengyan’s poker face in front of him and an idea came to his mind.

“This time, we are split into two groups, and at my side, the most powerful one is Qi Zhengyan. Though I’m not scared of him, cooperation is always better than fighting alone.

“Right, now I have to make friends with him.” Meng Qi thought for a while and then had an idea. He smiled and said, “Senior Brother Qi, how’s your sword art going?”

“One month is too short. I just crossed the threshold.” Qi Zhengyan nodded his head slightly, still with a serious look.

Meng Qi laughed and said, “It’s pretty good to cross the threshold. With the Long River Sword Art, Senior Brother, you have made huge progress in your strength.”

“No actual combat, so I can’t be sure,” Qi Zhengyan answered briefly.

Meng Qi’s lips twitched a little. “Well actually, Senior Brother Qi, why are you always so serious and silent? Since we can’t get rid of this Samsara task now, why don’t we face it with a smile? A relaxed mood is better for us to exert our strength.”

At that second, Meng Qi felt again like he was teaching a psychology counseling class.

“What the divine monk said is the total truth.” Xiang Hui echoed back his words with a forced smile, while Qi Zhengyan did not speak.

“Your every confusion and every fear come from your heart…” Meng Qi felt a little bit proud of himself, and began to make his speech on the advantages of facing Samsara tasks positively.

While listening, Qi Zhengyan suddenly stopped without turning back, saying softly, “I was born this way…”

“Well, could it be that, Senior Brother, you have suffered things in your childhood? Or that your life was too suppressed?” Meng Qi asked casually.

“My childhood was good!” Qi Zhengyan still did not turn his head and spoke through gnashing teeth. Then his voice became louder. “Junior Brother Zhen Ding! We are facing pursuits and encirclement now. Your ears are used to hear movements, not rubbish!”

“Haha.” Meng Qi laughed dryly. He smoothed out the annoyances and awkwardness, saying sincerely, “My Jianghu experience is little. Thank you, Senior Brother, for lessons and advice.”

Seeing that Meng Qi was not annoyed, Qi Zhengyan felt surprised. He slowly nodded his head. “We should be careful about everything.”

Their talk made Xiang Hui anxious and confused. “That person seems even better than the divine monk, while he looks like everyone owes him money.”

After walking for a while, Meng Qi and the other three saw a big rammed-earth road. A carriage passed by, raising a trail of dust.

There was a teahouse beside the road. It had an awning for selling food, and since it was not noon, there were not so many guests.

Meng Qi surveyed the place. He saw that the owner of the teahouse was an old man and there were four tables of guests. One table had a couple, worn from a long and dusty journey; one had an itinerant peddler; one had an old man playing the Huqin; and the last one had a rich childe holding his servant girl in his arms, along with his guardians.

“Senior Brother Qi, I’m going to ask for information and buy some dry food. You can help me look around.” Meng Qi decided to go himself, looking at Qi Zhengyan’s miserable face. He thought that at least Qi Zhengyan hiding in the back could warn and rescue him if there were attacks.

Qi Zhengyan carefully observed those people in the teahouse and the surrounding environment, and after quite a long time he said calmly, “I notice the itinerant peddler is too brisk, not a person who has traveled door to door for years. You must be careful.”

As a matter of fact, he also had only a little Jianghu experience, so he was not very confident.

Hearing what he said, Meng Qi gazed at that man. He found that the itinerant peddler was truly not like a laborious businessman, especially his hand holding the teacup, which had no cracks caused by being in the sun for a long time.

“I know.” Meng Qi walked over there slowly.

Meng Qi suddenly heard a horse’s neigh when he was closer to the teahouse. He unconsciously turned around and saw four brown horses with a fancy carriage beside them.

“Well, riding a horse is surely faster than us using the Lightness Skill.” Meng Qi was struck by a thought. He knew his actual level of Lightness Skill, which might be comparable to a fine horse over a short distance, but would be left behind over a long distance. And riding a horse was easier than walking on foot. Moreover, he could save his strength for a counterattack.

“Ok, later I’ll go to buy a horse from its owner.” He stroked the jade pendant inside his clothes, no thought of being a bandit this time. Before entering the World of Samsara, he worried that he might need some money there, so he brought the jade pendant with him.

As for the horse’s owner, Meng Qi had no doubt that it was the rich childe in the fancy clothes. It was impossible for them to come here without a carriage because his servant girl was so delicate.

So Meng Qi went into the teahouse near the table of the rich childe deliberately, stealing a glimpse to look them up and down.

“Hey, you, monk! What are you looking at!” A guardian of those two came toward him with his arms folded in front.

Seeing his heavy steps and fierce face, Meng Qi found it interesting. He imitated the rascal monk from his impression and put his palms together. “Amitabha, I have observed that all of you donors are predestined with Buddhism.”

“Haha, you bald-ass Buddhist monk. You don’t need to say that. I know you just want some money, don’t you?” The rich childe laughed out loud. While stroking the servant girl’s cheeks, his face darkened. “Now go away! I hate all of you evil monks more than anything!”

“Last time, the lady gave a monk 300 ingots of silver…” the servant girl said while grinning.

“Humph. From now on, any evil monk who dares to come near our house gate will get his legs hit and broken!” The childe signaled the two guardians to drive Meng Qi away.

Meng Qi did not panic, deciding to “talk” to the rich childe later. He rounded several tables and walked over to the teahouse owner.

“Excuse me. I have something to ask you,” Meng Qi said with his palms put together.

The hump-backed, white-haired old man smiled and returned his bow. “I always believe in Buddhism. Master, you can simply ask anything.”

Meng Qi lowered his voice to avoid being heard by the itinerant peddler. “I want to go to Mount Shaohua. Which road leads to it?”

At the same time, Meng Qi paid most of his attention to the itinerant peddler.

The old man said, smiling, “Go forward along this state roadway, and about three days’ distance…”

Before he finished his words, he abruptly changed his expression, staring in shock past Meng Qi’s back.

The itinerant peddler had taken out a long sword from his shoulder pole and rushed over, making straight for Meng Qi.

“Is he making an attack directly right now? Is his hearing far better than normal people’s?” Meng Qi, though feeling surprised, was firm in his concentration. Without panic, he turned around and brandished his long saber at the itinerant peddler.

Suddenly, Meng Qi felt agony coming from his waist. Unexpectedly, the old man behind him had two knives in his hands and stabbed him hard in the waist.

Meng Qi walked forward a step, trying to avoid the knife. But at that moment, the couple also made straight for him with a blade and a sword, respectively. One was aimed at Meng Qi’s throat and another swept their blade on the ground directly toward Meng Qi’s legs.

“Alas.” The old man playing the Huqin slightly sighed, and then drew out a thin, short sword from the Huqin. He dodged behind Meng Qi’s back, stabbing him in the heart.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30: [Alms]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Surrounded by enemies, Meng Qi was not fazed. He drew out his long saber and pulled the itinerant peddler’s long sword away. Then he crouched his legs, allowing the old man’s dagger to stab at his back, yet making the thin sword of the Huqin elder hit a bit above the crucial point on his back.

That had also caused the woman of the couple to miss Meng Qi’s throat, hitting his chin instead. The low-lying knife, however, cut toward his legs.

Although the itinerant peddler in front had not succeeded, he could not help let out a snicker. He showed weakness on purpose earlier, resulting in the success of this ambush.

“Thud, thud, thud!” A cluster of sounds like arrows penetrating leather rang out, as the itinerant peddler’s laughter froze on his face.

He saw his compatriots’ weapons hit the little monk as if hitting on an iron block, with only a bit of penetration. Very little blood spilling out from his body, the little monk retrieved his long saber and performed the move “Sweeping the World”.

Seeing a head fly across with blood spraying like a fountain, the itinerant peddler felt as if he was in a rain of blood, then he saw the beheaded body of the woman of the couple shake and fall softly to the ground.

“His Thwart Kung Fu is at such a high level!” regretfully thought the itinerant peddler, not expecting such a young monk to be so well-trained in Thwart Kung Fu!

Meng Qi ignored the men behind him, which were the Huqin elder and the old man from the teahouse, and he suddenly cut across diagonally, blocking the low-lying blade where the man’s legs were split open. Meng Qi’s long saber swiped downward and blood was sprayed out once again, spilling onto the white tape on his legs.

Then he slid his feet, strangely falling backward and sliding past the shoulders of the old man from the teahouse.

Heads were flying in the air and blood was spraying everywhere, yet Meng Qi only had a shallow cut across his chest.

Seeing everything, the itinerant peddler was petrified. He lost his cool and turned his body in shock, like he was trying to get away from evil ghosts.

Suddenly, everything was hazy in front of him. When it all cleared, he saw the handsome young monk blocking his way.

“Go to hell!” he yelled, and then frenetically stabbed toward the middle of Meng Qi’s eyes, not wanting to stick around.

The injured Meng Qi bit his teeth and laughed, feeling particularly ferocious. He lifted his left hand and clenched the itinerant peddler’s long sword. Meng Qi did not care that the sword cut his hand really deep and blood was spilling out. He pulled back the sword and waved his long saber.

“Noooo…” The itinerant peddler’s scream suddenly stopped. Then, blood sprayed all over Meng Qi’s face.

The Huqin elder on the opposite side was shaking all over, he belted out an odd scream and started running for his life. Meng Qi chased after him hurriedly.

“Is this what they call exchanging a small injury for a big one?” thought Meng Qi. When the fight ended, Meng Qi let out a foul breath, wiped off the dirty blood from his face, and walked toward the survivors in the teahouse.

The rich childe, his servant girl, and the guards watched this scene silently without realizing what had happened until streams of blood sprayed out and skulls were flying one after another. It was not until the monk, who seemed to have walked out from a bloody prison, approached them from the front that they came to their senses. Shaking from the fright, they knelt down and begged for mercy.

“Master, Master, I’ve always been a dedicated Buddhist, please have mercy on my worthless life,” the rich childe begged through tears.

“I, a poor monk, only wanted to ask for directions. Could you tell me the way to Mount Shaohua?” Meng Qi let out a smile. But under all that blood, the rich childe and his crew only thought the smile was scary and ferocious.

A guard, who had just managed to stop trembling, honestly gave the information to Meng Qi.

Meng Qi nodded slightly, then a repulsive addiction arose from inside him. “I see that fate will bring you all closer to Buddha…” said Meng Qi.

“No, Master! I’m not ready to see Siddhartha Gautama just yet, I still have an 80-year-old grandma, and a 3-year-old child to take care of. I will give you whatever you want!” The rich childe started crying with fear.

“I just want to borrow the donor’s horses, will you grant me this favor?” asked Meng Qi. The more they were getting scared, the more Meng Qi was enjoying playing the “senior monk”.

The rich childe looked at the blood stains on Meng Qi’s face and did not dare to refuse. “It is my great honor to grant Master this favor, so the horses are yours,” the rich childe answered.

“I am not a thief, this pendant is yours, think of it as collateral,” Meng Qi explained. He realized it was getting late and he did not want to frighten them further.

The rich childe’s face was suddenly full of tears as he said, “Master, I willingly present the horses! It’s my offering for Buddha, how could I accept collateral!”

He frantically waved his hands, unwilling to accept the jade pendant because he thought that it was a test, and that if he had accepted the jade pendant, his head would no longer be attached to his body.

Meng Qi collected himself and said, “Amitabha, I, a poor monk, thank the donor for your generosity.”

The rich childe breathed a sigh of relief and said, “I should thank the Master for his blessings.”

Meng Qi suddenly thought of a line, then half-smiled while looking at the rich childe’s personal property and said, “I, a poor monk, also noticed that fate also exists between the donor’s belongings and Buddha.”

A depressed expression appeared on the rich childe’s face. Trying to be a devoted Buddhist, he gave his silver bag to Meng Qi and said, “I wish Master would use this dust to mold his golden body and bless all humanity.”

“Wow, he actually gave it… Is this what it feels like to beg for alms? To be a mendicant monk?” Meng Qi thought. He curled his lips and stopped talking, then waved Qi Zhengyan and the others to come over and check the bodies, and find some water and food.

Moments later, Xiang Hui led four horses and tied the food and water on the sides of the horses. Then he looked at Meng Qi, who had just bandaged his wounds. Xiang Hui had a big smile on his face as he said, “Divine monk, when do we set off? We’d better not linger with only three days left.”

Meng Qi replied softly, “Let’s be on our way now.”

To be honest, Meng Qi thought that after witnessing the battle, Xiang Hui would change his attitude toward him. After all, he did display all of his abilities in the battle. Meng Qi felt that he and Xiang Hui were on the same level because he was just as adequately trained in Thwart Kung Fu. Meng Qi was not expecting Xiang Hui’s admiration and ingratiation.

“Is he doubtful of defeating me in a battle?” Meng Qi thought.

Upon hearing Meng Qi’s answer, Xiang Hui immediately mounted the horse. He grabbed the reins like a pro, waiting to leave.

Meng Qi looked at the horse before him and felt perplexed. After all, he had never ridden a horse before, but he was now a Kung Fu master which meant he was very light on his feet. As long as he did not have to fight on the horse, he would be fine.

“Ma-master…” Suddenly, Little Zi, the young girl, nervously opened her mouth.

Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan both turned to look at her, not saying a word.

Little Zi said in tears and frustration, “Master, I, I don’t know how to ride.”

“That is a problem.” Meng Qi frowned, looking at Little Zi and thought, “She is just an ordinary girl, she won’t be able to learn in such a short time and under such urgent circumstances.”

Suddenly, Meng Qi thought of his conversation with Jiang Zhiwei, who suggested that he should learn the Lightness Skill. Jiang Zhiwei was indeed correct. “If you can’t even keep up with others, how can anyone protect you? Even if they had the kindness of a Bodhisattva!” recalled Meng Qi.

Seeing that Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan were both silent, Little Zi felt so nervous that she began trembling and said, “Master, I, I can learn to ride. Please don’t leave me behind!”

She did not know anyone here. The only thing she could do was to hold on to the seemingly kind Meng Qi, even though they had just met. If she were left behind, she would be assaulted, sold to ***places, and would not be able to do a thing.

Meng Qi looked her up and down, noticing that her clothes were covered with blood stains. He realized that this was because she had followed his orders to check the dead bodies.

He remembered that although Little Zi was afraid of corpses, she still obeyed and completed the task. Meng Qi sighed in his heart and thought, “Heaven helps those who help themselves…”

“It is a little too late to start learning now, Little Zi. If you don’t mind riding with a little monk on one horse, then jump on,” said Meng Qi. He chose a Buddhist name for himself on purpose to show his religious identity so that Little Zi would not get the wrong idea.

Meng Qi thought that he could leave her behind without feeling guilty, but since he wanted to be good, he should try to think through all the details.

Little Zi wondered for a second, and then her black, paint-like eyes seemed to have been covered with a layer of mist. She put her hands together and said, “Master has the heart of a Bodhisattva. I’m very grateful.”

Xiang Hui subconsciously curled his lips from behind. If it were up to him, he would not bring along such a weak little girl who could not even tie up a young chicken. He would have just found a place to have his fun with her and left her behind.

Qi Zhengyan did not contradict Meng Qi’s decision either. He still held that unsmiling face as he looked at Meng Qi and nodded a little.

“Little Zi, sit behind me, and remember to grab on to my frock,” Meng Qi said while helping her mount the horse.

He had hardly finished speaking when a thought popped into his head,“Allowing an unfamiliar girl to sit behind is a little inappropriate.” Hence, he changed his mind and said, “Little Zi, you’d better sit in the front, I’m afraid that you might fall off.”

Little Zi did not object and moved to the front. Meng Qi jumped on and wrapped around her to grab the reins.

A flash of redness appeared on Little Zi’s face, but she did not feel too embarrassed because Meng Qi was still just a child of 12 or 13.

While riding one horse and leading another, Qi Zhengyan said softly, “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, I was worried that you lacked Jianghu experience.”

Meng Qi knew that Qi Zhengyan was referring to his decision to let Little Zi sit in the front instead of the back. He replied embarrassingly, “Indeed, I’m very inexperienced. I was even tricked by that itinerant peddler, but that’s not the biggest mistake. I shouldn’t have gone into the teahouse to ask for directions in the first place. If I’d just asked anyone on the road, then we would not have met those killers chasing after us…”

After the battle, he recalled everything carefully, analyzing the mistakes. He realized that he was still too immature and naive.

Meng Qi clearly knew that his talent could not compare with people like Jiang Zhiwei or Zhang Yuanshan. If he was not self-critical at least three times a day to make up for it, then the future would be bleak.

After he patiently finished listening to Meng Qi’s words, Qi Zhengyan twisted his head. While looking toward the front, he said quietly, “I, too, was negligent.”

“Ha.” Meng Qi laughed to himself, saying no more. He took off his jade pendant, threw it behind, and it landed in the arms of the rich childe.

Then, he whipped the horse to leave and his laughter was mixed with the sound of the hooves, while yelling, “This money is for the horses.”

The rich childe caught the jade pendant, then watched as Meng Qi in a gray frock disappeared in the distance. After the rich childe came to his senses, he muttered to himself, “He actually gave me money…”

The pendant looked quite valuable, it was really smooth and transparent.

He could never have imagined that under such circumstances, a little monk who killed people as if they were grass, would give him money.

Didn’t people always say that if those mendicant monks were common folks, they would be greedy and voracious!

“Young master, he seemed more like a monk than those senior monks that often come around…” The pretty servant girl was perplexed as well.

…

“Not mendicancy?” Qi Zhengyan watched as Meng Qi tossed his jade pendant, a little shocked, and said, “This is the World of Samsara, you must be flexible.

“Nobody knows us here, we’ll leave as soon as the task is complete.”

Meng Qi lost his usual smile, and said sternly, “If we give in to temptations and break moral boundaries when there is no one around or when we are in a new place, then how are we different from those without moral boundaries? Even in the World of Samsara, we should be disciplined. Otherwise, after a few tasks, sooner or later, things will change. We could incarnate into the Embodiment of Asuras and then we’d fall into eternal darkness.”

Meng Qi never actually thought about it on a deeper level. He just believed that he should have discipline and boundaries, and not turn into someone who he himself would want to kill in the end.

And because of the little Jade Buddha, he did not want to carry the jade pendant around either.

When Qi Zhengyan lifted his head to look at the road ahead, his tone was a little concerned. “But is it possible to be disciplined? If Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms gave you a task that would challenge your bottom line, and kill you if the task was not completed, would you want to lose your life? Would you still follow the path of the Buddha?”

“I…” It was hard to answer Qi Zhengyan’s extreme ideas. Meng Qi just sighed and said, “It’s hard to imagine it at present until that moment comes… but we do need to store some Karma points, just in case they need to deduct them for the failure of the task.”

Dust was flying in the air and the sound of hooves was loud. Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan both fell silent, focusing on the road.

Two days later, the four were getting close to the Shaolin Temple. Since they did not care whether the horses were tired or not, they just kept going. Any killers that were after them were nowhere to be seen.

“We’ll abandon the horses at the next crossing because we’ll reach our destination through these woods.” Meng Qi repeated his and Qi Zhengyan’s decision to Xiang Hui and Little Zi.

Judging by the present circumstances, the killers did not expect that they could be so fast, therefore the killers could not keep up. But Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan both believed that the killers still had means of communication, be it pigeons or other methods. They could inform other skilled killers nearby to block them. Thus, they had to travel on small roads.

“If we traverse through the mountains, there are “paths” everywhere. Even if Duo Ercha has many skilled killers, they can’t totally block us, even with his army here!”

Little Zi and Xiang Hui had no objections to their decision.

Now the dawn was drawing near and the rain was pouring down. The road was getting harder to see. Meng Qi suddenly felt the horse trip on something and he flew into the air, taking Little Zi with him.

Then, a few dozen white arrows made strange sounds, darting in the rain, through the woods, and straight at Meng Qi, Qi Zhengyuan, and the others.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31: A Bloody Battle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The rain was like the milky way hanging upside-down, like a waterfall dropping from the sky, bringing along with it isolation and setting off the quiet uproar, causing darkness.

On such a rainy night, white feathered arrows were darting through layers of water screens as if it were from the Nine Serenities, and the cold light was piercing the heart.

Little Zi was in mid-air like she was riding on a cloud and unable to find any support. Facing such lethal arrows, all she could do was open her frightened eyes wide.

Suddenly, in that desperate moment, she instantly felt her body being pushed downward, narrowly missing a long arrow.

She turned around, and through the heavy rain and darkness, she could make out the face of a “solemn image”.

Meng Qi was tossed in the air and could not twist his body. Instead, he gritted his teeth and pushed Little Zi aside. He then drew the long Buddhist Commandment Blade with his right hand and headed to the front.

“Clang!” The arrow heading for Meng Qi’s throat was blocked by his Buddhist Commandment Blade, but he could not block the other one. The only thing he could do was drop his shoulders and crouch his stomach to prevent the crucial points of his body from being hit.

“Thud!” The arrow hit Meng Qi’s right shoulder, making the sound of penetrating thick layers of fabric, with great force.

On such a rainy night, Meng Qi and his group found it difficult to see, which was why he did not avoid the object that tripped the horse. Fortunately, the attackers faced the same problem and, therefore, most of their arrows missed the targets. Otherwise, even with Meng Qi’s Iron Shirt skill, the arrows would not have missed all of his weak points.

“Bang!” Meng Qi fell to the ground, and then he used the Lazy Donkey Roll move to avoid the incoming arrows. At the same time, he held out his left hand and pulled out the long arrow from his right shoulder.

Blood sprayed, but luckily Meng Qi had accomplished the primary level of the Iron Shirt skill. The wound was not too deep, therefore, it would not affect him wielding the blade.

At that moment, through the dark screen of rain, a group of shadows holding long sabers or wide swords started approaching and surrounding Meng Qi, Qi Zhengyan, and the others.

The attackers had also acknowledged that the harsh environment would make it difficult for a long distance attack.

Meng Qi used the move Carp Flip to get up and wield his blade at his enemies, only to be surrounded by endless shadows. He was unable to make out how many enemies there actually were. He felt like the enemies could strike and break through the screen of rain and attack him at any moment.

In the darkness, it seemed that enemies could be hiding anywhere.

“I must fight!” Meng Qi thought. He gritted his teeth and hurried forward. He decided to attack first instead of running away.

Just then, a clear thought popped into his head. Since he could not see the enemies clearly, they probably could not see him either.

He knew that only by getting among the enemies and creating chaos could he then have a chance at survival, using the moves Eight Divine Steps and Iron Shirt.

If he tried escaping using the Eight Divine Steps, he could get away from the siege, but Meng Qi was worried that there might be other skilled killers awaiting him in the darkness. If he escaped the chaos alone, he then could find the accurate target to attack, by then it would be like tigers in front and wolves from behind, which would be even more dangerous.

After a few steps, Meng Qi was already among the enemies. He did not hesitate and saber radiance flashed. Blood sprayed and shadows fell.

Since the whole process was very chaotic, Meng Qi could not rely solely on the Eight Divine Steps

to completely avoid the attack, but he knew to protect his crucial points. He used Iron Shirt for blocking. After the burning time of a half stick of incense, he was full of cuts and wounds, but none too lethal to battle on.

The enemies were getting more frightened as the battle went on. Meng Qi seemed like a ghost in the darkness. Every time he appeared, there would be dead or wounded bodies. But the enemies’ attack seemed to have landed on their own people, therefore they had to pull back. When they finally landed a hit on Meng Qi, they felt like it was being blocked and unable to penetrate deeper.

“This is not a human being, he must be a weird immortal!” they thought.

They all knew about Thwart Kung Fu, but under such circumstances, the Iron Shirt skill incorporated with the Eight Divine Steps had created the impression of an immortal!

Even so, Meng Qi was not feeling great. He was pressured by the seemingly endless enemies and weapons from every direction. If he lost focus for just an instant, his weak points would be hit.

The rain was falling violently, blood was splashing everywhere, and a foul stench was in the air. Meng Qi was fighting enemies from all directions in the darkness. He was barely hanging on. Though bodies were falling one after another, it seemed there were even more shadows near him.

As Little Zi fell in the mud, she used her hips to try to get up, but was too weak. The only thing she could do was watch the enemies surround her.

“Xiaosang, Xiaosang…” She was so frightened and desperate that she did not know what she was muttering.

During the panic, she suddenly stopped because the enemies did not approach her, but joined the fierce battle in the front.

Amidst the pouring rain and fierce thunder, Little Zi could make out a shadow jumping from place to place with saber radiance, which seemed as if it was weaving cloth. The shadow was drawing all the enemies to that spot.

The person who owned the shadow was, in fact, short, but he seemed tall and reliable at that moment.

He had been hit time and again, but he never cried out in pain, unlike those surrounding him.

Little Zi stopped muttering and controlled the panic on her face.

Not knowing how much time had passed, Meng Qi was tired. Just when he felt that he could not go on any longer, the enemies screamed, turned around, and ran.

Although the attackers were martial artists and knew that they outnumbered Meng Qi’s gang, when faced with nearly half either wounded or dead bodies, they could not control their inner fear, collapsing in the end.

After all, they still feared death!

When the first ran, the second followed, and soon after, Meng Qi’s pressure was reduced,

becoming more confident as enemies either fell or escaped.

Just as he was ready to scan his surroundings and help Qi Zhengyan, he suddenly saw a large body holding a long saber appear out of the forest.

“Ah, a killer with advanced success of Qi-cultivation!” Meng Qi thought. He knew that it was because his surrounding enemies had almost disappeared that the hidden killer was able to lock in on his body. He, however, was not scared, this was not the moment to panic. He just observed, preparing to be hit or attacked.

Since he had been discovered, then… Meng Qi thought of Zhang Yuanshan’s suggestion, ” When facing someone with advanced success of Qi-cultivation, you must fight fast, and exchange small wounds for large ones.”

The thought had flashed through his head. After the slight fear had passed, his courage rose. Meng Qi went past an enemy and lifted his blade to face what was in front.

As he got closer, Meng Qi could make out that he was a big and solemn man.

He waved his Buddhist Commandment Blade. When two blades were about to make contact, Meng Qi used his Eight Divine Steps. He slid and turned, unpredictably landing behind the skilled killer, and then he struck the back of his head.

The skilled killer was calm, and with cat-like moves, he avoided the saber. At the same time, he wielded his long saber backward, pointing toward Meng Qi’s abdomen, trying to force Meng Qi to halt his attack.

This was an act of someone who was mature and knew what to do first.

Gritting his teeth, Meng Qi actually dove his body first toward the long saber, not trying to avoid it at all.

The long saber cut a deep wound across Meng Qi’s abdomen. Blood was spraying, creating a flash of red before the skilled killer’s eyes.

“Damn!” When the long saber hit the object, the skilled killer already had a bad feeling. He wanted to move to the side, but the residual shock from the saber actually slowed him down for a second.

Saber radiance flashed and the skilled killer’s shocked expression was stuck on his face. Then his head flew up and saw his own beheaded body fall to the ground.

Meng Qi had no time to celebrate his victory. He used his back to block an enemy’s blade but then he just felt a throbbing pain in his abdomen. Both his legs were wobbly and his head felt dizzy.

“It is just a slight injury…” Meng Qi sarcastically thought. This adversary was so highly skilled that his saber almost cut open Meng Qi’s stomach.

But he had no regrets. If he had allowed the enemy to learn about his real strength and use a counter-attack, then Meng Qi’s life would have been in more danger.

This battle had made Meng Qi come to the realization that the level of Kung Fu was just one important component in the result of the battle, but not everything. Even though the adversary was more skilled, it was he who fell on the ground, not Meng Qi.

It seemed that the remaining enemies were not afraid of dying. When they saw that their leader had died, their thoughts were not to run, but to take Meng Qi’s life while he was badly injured.

Since the start of the battle, Meng Qi had expended a lot of energy, so he was indeed exhausted. But he did not panic. After ending the life of the killer with advanced success of Qi-cultivation, he felt very confident facing the rest of the enemies.

Suddenly, sword light flashed and blades gleamed like smoke and fog.

Flashes of cold star-like light appeared in the fog as the enemies in front of Meng Qi fell to the ground one after another.

“You okay?” Qing Zhengyan asked as he appeared with blood all over him. He did not know whose blood it was, his or the enemies.

Meng Qi shook his head, tore off some of his frock to bandage his wounds, and said, “Nothing to worry about, but I’ve lost a lot of blood and feel extremely tired. You?”

“About the same. I just encountered a swordsman with advanced success of Qi-cultivation, he landed one on me,” replied Qi Zhengyan, still unsmiling and reserved, but his face was whiter than before. Though his abilities were higher than Meng Qi’s, his Kung Fu adaptability was inferior to that of Meng Qi, thus he was hurt. If it were not for the fact that he had mastered the 13 Moves of Infinitely Changing Mist, who knew if he would still be alive.

“We’d better get into the mountain quickly. Many enemies have escaped, so they might go and get more help,” Meng Qi said as he looked around and sighed. “We should also find the rest of them and bury their bodies here.”

He thought that Xiang Hui and Little Zi could not have survived considering the circumstances.

“Master, are you okay?” Little Zi asked as she walked over unstably, looking at Meng Qi’s wounds.

A little startled, Meng Qi asked, “Little Zi, you are unharmed?”

Little Zi puckered up a smile, with a hint of beauty. She seemed to be prettier than usual. “They all focused their attacks on Masters like yourselves, so nobody cared that I was lying on the ground,” replied Little Zi.

Then, Xiang Hui also stumbled toward them with his hands over his face, and asked, “Divine monk, Master Qi, you are all okay?”

“You’re unharmed as well?” Meng Qi asked in a surprised tone.

Xiang Hui moved his hands aside, revealing a deep cut stretching from the left side of his face all the way to the right side. He replied with a tone of anger, “I got hit by a blade and fainted, so they ignored me. Perhaps they thought that I had died, but thanks to the divine monk and all of you who drew all of the enemy’s attention.”

Meng Qi curled his lips, and muttered to himself, “I should’ve pretended to be dead too.”

But he knew that if it were not for Qi Zhengyan’s and his own efforts in attracting the enemies, pretending to be dead would have been useless for everyone.

Little Zi found a relatively clean bit of fabric on one of the corpses. She ripped all of it off to tape up Meng Qi’s wounds.

Xing Hui was violently flipping the corpses trying to find valuables, but no one had brought scripts with them to a battle. All he could find were some concealed weapons.

…

Just half a day later at the crack of dawn, Meng Qi was awake.

The four of them traveled through the night and climbed over the mountain. The door to the Shaolin Temple was just down ahead.

But Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan both had severe wounds, which started hurting badly in the middle of the night, so they found a cave and decided to rest and wait for daybreak.

After half an hour of meditation, Meng Qi’s wounds had already closed and his energy had recovered quite a bit. He got up, punched and kicked a bit, realizing that Qi Zhengyan was outside the cave. His hands were covering his face. Little Zi curled up on the ground, not yet awake.

“Xiaosang, stay where you are… Xiaosang, don’t come closer…” Little Zi muttered in her dreams. Suddenly, she sat up, scared.

“Master…” She looked at Meng Qi in confusion, as if she was in a daze after waking up.

Meng Qi laughed and said, “We’re ready to go down. The Shaolin Temple is just in the adjacent foothills.”

Little Zi’s confused expression had disappeared and she nodded, then asked uneasily, “Master, I, I wasn’t talking in my sleep, was I?”

“Were you calling out Xiaosang?” Meng Qi said intentionally.

“Ah!” Little Zi yelped, her facial expression kept changing, then she muttered, “Master, in the future, you must be careful of a girl named Gu Xiaosang, for she is the worst of the worst.”

“Why is that?” Meng Qi’s smile was unchanged, but he thought that this naive young girl had suddenly become a little mysterious. “But then again, who doesn’t have secrets? I don’t even know if she can survive to the end of this task, ” Meng Qi thought.

“… Umm… Just know that she is really bad! She kills without batting an eye!” Little Zi replied, trying to emphasize this point.

Then, Qi Zhengyan came in, the blood on his body had turned darker, and he said, “Let’s go now and try to get to the Shaolin Temple before noon.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32: Reunion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The sun was shining brightly over the gurgling creek. At the foot of the mountain, a dozen warrior monks were guarding the pass to the temple. Some shabby inns and bustling bazaars were scattered about, giving off a lot of noise.

“The gate here is very similar to yours…” Qi Zhengyan frowned a bit and said to Meng Qi.

Since he had never left the mountain, Meng Qi did not know what the foot of his gate looked like. “I was in a coma when the old servant carried me up, so I’ve never seen this gate before,” he shook his head and said.

That was indeed true, for it was the coma of this body’s owner that provided the possibility for him to be transferred to this world.

“I have seen this place when I visited the Shaolin Temple with the elders of my sect. The landforms are generally the same.” Although he did not say much, his face was showing some doubt. How could they be so similar if they were in two different worlds? Nevertheless, the Shaolin Temple of his original world was located on Mount Liantai, while in this world it was on Mount Shaohua, a completely different mountain.

Meng Qi thought for a moment, then said, “Things will be clear after we see it up the mountain. But even if the building layout is also the same, there is no need to worry. According to Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms, the Worlds of Samsara are as numerous as stars in the universe. There could certainly be coincidences. After all, they are all Buddhist monasteries.”

Behind them, Little Zi was listening languidly, while Xiang Hui half-covered his face and moaned now and then, for the cut on his face wounded his nasal bone and facial muscles. He had to stop fawning and ingratiating like before to avoid the nasty pain caused by talking.

Qi Zhengyan, not understanding why, nodded his head and walked with Meng Qi to a watcher monk. “Honorable masters, I have important news to deliver to His Abbotship,” he respectfully said.

“I wonder what news it is. Nowadays, there has been much chaos and war, so we are not at liberty to let you go up,” the leader of the monks said humbly with his palms and fingers clinging together.

“May I have your honorable name?” Meng Qi asked solemnly.

“My Dharma name is De Guang.” The monk smiled. “Could I be honored to know your name, Junior Brother?”

Meng Qi managed to connect with his counterpart somehow.

“General Duo Ercha intends to lead his army and Kung Fu experts to eradicate Shaolin,” after giving his Dharma name, Meng Qi said briefly. “I, with the help of some heroes of justice, obtained this news and managed to acquire the list of moles hiding in your honorable sect. Things are of great significance that we had better talk in private. I’d appreciate it if you could inform His Abbotship.”

De Guang frowned. “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, I wonder, have you have divided into two groups?”

“Exactly, Senior Brother. So the other group has arrived already?” Meng Qi asked with elation.

“That’s right. There are two benefactresses and two benefactors.” De Guang had no qualms about telling him all of this. “This affair has been known to the public. Masters and benefactors of nearby sects all come to offer help. Now they are gathering in the inn over there.”

Meng Qi smiled and nodded, feeling extremely relieved. Fortunately, Zhang Yuanshan and Jiang Zhiwei were safe. In the World of Samsara, it was precious to have friends from sects of a righteous path who had principles and integrity. If they were killed, chances were that he would be in the company of people of hypocrisy and ruthlessness. Besides, they already had good relations with one another and started to call each other friends.

De Guang put his palms together and quoted a Buddha’s name. “Namo Amitabha. At this moment of life and death, our humble sect is at no liberty to admit anyone up to the mountain, for fear of spies blending in. I would appreciate it if your honorable guests find accommodation in that inn. After I report this to His Abbotship, I shall come back to invite you.”

As his words were sincere and candid, Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan made no objection. After returning a salute, they walked toward the inn. The population of Shaolin monks was huge, so visitors and traders aggregated beneath the mountain and formed a residential community, which was similar to the case of many other sects.

“Lady Jiang and Senior Brother Zhang arrived earlier, so we are of little help. No wonder they won’t let us in,” Meng Qi complained slightly.

Qi Zhengyan did not rejoin. He raised his head and watched the daylight. “There is still half a day before time is up, so we still have plenty of time to get in.”

“I wonder if bad things will happen…” Meng Qi did not finish and shut his mouth, out of fear of jinxing them.

“Haha, you guys are also coming to defend the Shaolin Temple?” From the inn came a stout and rough guy, cackling as he asked.

“Indeed,” Meng Qi smiled and replied.

“So are we. Yesterday, after learning that the cannibalistic devils of the Barbarians are coming to exterminate the Shaolin Temple, all men of justice were determined to offer help.” The big man pointed at himself. “I am Wei Wuji of Heluo, and I haven’t acquainted myself with your names.”

When mentioning his name, Wei Wuji straightened his back, seemingly ready to accept admiring looks. Apparently, his reputation was quite known.

Meng Qi secretly tilted his lips. “How could I know who you are? Don’t give me that conceited and arrogant look.”

Except for Duo Ercha, Meng Qi literally knew nobody. Having deliberately avoided the eyes of Wei Wuji, he made his introduction with a smile.

Wei Wuji looked a little embarrassed, but quickly became normal and smiling. “My friends, you seem to have come through a bloody battle? Miss, it does not seem to me that you know martial arts.”

His doubts were natural. Meng Qi was not surprised, for the same question would have come to his mind if he were him. But he would not necessarily say it out loud.

Having pondered for a moment, he nodded. “We came across several barbarian Kung Fu experts on the way here, but managed to break through.”

Then he pointed to Little Zi. “She is the fiancée of Brother Qi. Though too weak to tie up a chicken, she gave up the stability of home, came through difficulties with her husband-to-be, and willingly joined us. She wants nothing but to be with Qi, come what may.”

Followed by a clank, Qi Zhengyan’s sword fell to the ground, and with a complicated look, partly angry and partly condemning, he glared at Meng Qi. But Little Zi did not understand the situation, and looked as ignorant as ever.

Meng Qi waved his hands secretly. There was no way to say that a monk had a fiancée!

“Hehe. On the ability to make up ludicrous stories, who can compete with me in this world?”

Wei Wuji nodded his head approvingly. “Brother Qi won the affection of such a loyal and virtuous beauty. It really makes me envious. You guys are as kind as some of my old friends. Why not let me be a host, regale you with some wine, and offer you some clean garments?”

“So this is the so-called Jianghu generous hero?” Meng Qi asked himself. This place was close to the Shaolin Temple, so he supposed there was not much danger. He reached out his hands. “We are deeply honored.”

“Haha, Master Zhen Ding is indeed an agreeable person.” Wei Wuji laughed again and made a welcoming gesture.

On their way to the inn, Meng Qi naturally seized the chance to pry the news out of Wei Wuji, hoping to find out where Jiang Zhiwei and the others were.

“No sooner was the news released than the entire Martial Artists Community of Heluo became indignant. Under the leadership of a venerable master, many friends came to offer help, as well as Lin Biexue, the leader of the Heluo Sect…” Wei Wuji talked ebulliently as if masters and the army of Duo Ercha were soon to be obliterated.

Meng Qi casually laughed. “I suppose Hero Wei is one of these venerable heroes.”

Wei Wuji refrained a bit and smiled. “Well, well, I am merely a mediocre follower of prominent elders. Alas, I studied martial arts for over 30 years, but only touched the threshold of Preternature. Compared with geniuses such as leader Lin, who made the breakthrough to Preternature before 30, you can easily tell the difference.”

” Preternature ?” Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan glanced at each other. “Is there even a distinction for level classification here from our own world?”

“But this time…” Wei Wuji’s expression suddenly became a bit dazed, seeming to ponder over something incredible.

Meng Qi felt something strange about his looks, yet he followed him into the door of the plain inn.

Guests were bustling in the small inn, a place so crowded that not only were all tables taken, but many places also were filled with people standing.

“Can it be more crowded?” Wei Wuji pulled over a young and charming girl and asked with confusion.

The young heroine pointed to the corner with awe and fondness. “Young Master Zhang went downstairs. He’s enjoying tea and wine with leader Lin.”

“Young Master Zhang?” Wei Wuji’s expression changed into the same respect and awe.

Following the girl’s pointing, Meng Qi looked over and saw an unusually clear corner in the inn.

Inside the corner was placed a square table, with two men sitting opposite. In front of them were cups, teapots, and other dishware.

One of the men looked mature and refined, with a smile on his face, while the other was wearing a Zhenwu Taoist robe. His nose was straight, giving off a jubilant impression, and his face was handsome and masculine. No doubt he was Meng Qi’s acquaintance, Zhang Yuanshan.

Guests passing by left a space around them subconsciously, thus the corner looked unusually roomy.

“Young Master Zhang?” Meng Qi repeated the question of Wei Wuji, but he certainly knew something else.

Wei Wuji turned around and looked at Meng Qi and gently nodded. “Young Master Zhang is an apprentice of a hermit grandmaster. It is his first time to take a walk in Jianghu, so it is normal that you don’t know him.”

“Oh?” Meng Qi saw a good chance to be informed of the experience of Zhang Yuanshan and others, in case there would be misunderstandings of the occasion. So he affected a curious air.

Wei Wuji gave a look in awe at Zhang Yuanshan again. “Young Master Zhang is of paramount justice and peerless honor, and is not to be compared with us. He not only broke through Preternature before he was 20 years old, but also came thousands of leagues away for the sake of the Shaolin Temple. It was he who managed to inform us, despite the countless hindrances and assassination attempts.”

“So the Preternature here refers to enlightening the Apertures?” Meng Qi slightly nodded. “It is plausible. According to what Jiang Zhiwei and others occasionally mentioned, after the advanced success of Qi-cultivation, with an exhale of foul gas, you will resume the status of a pristine infant, and thus you could refine your inner universe and enlighten the Interior, and open up the apertures.”

“And among the expert assassinators was the ‘Dominator of Heluo’, Guan Haoran. He reached Preternature 20 years ago and was one of the best masters in the world. Such a shame the years made him addled. He turned against our country, served as a barbarian lackey, and eventually got himself slain by Young Master Zhang.”

The lady heroine beside them nodded assertively, her face flushing red. “The incident took place by the entrance of Guanhe Town, with witnesses of many Jianghu heroes who were then shocked by the power of Young Master Zhang. His name became renowned all over Heluo.”

“Guan Haoran, though old and frail, still was an expert above Preternature. What is more formidable, Young Master Zhang is only 19 years old! Alas, I feel the first half of my life was lived as a dog.” Wei Wuji made a self-mockery with quite a bit of frustration.

“Yes, I am afraid only elites, like leader Lin, are entitled to make friends with Young Master Zhang. An apprentice of a hermit grandmaster, truly outstanding.” A man walked by also acceded to the admiration.

“Let’s make way to the other side, lest we bother Young Master Zhang and leader Lin.” Wei Wuji touched his chin, inhibited other emotions, and said in awe, “You, you…”

His voice had hardly faded as he watched the little monk in front of him walk blatantly toward Young Master Zhang and leader Lin, ignoring his urgent calling.

He was being too reckless! Even out of admiration toward elites, this was certainly offensive!

Beside the square table, Lin Biexue raised his cup and sipped the wine. “30-year-old Heluo Wine, mellow and aromatic.”

Zhang Yuanshan tried a sip in return and nodded. “It is indeed extraordinary.”

“Alas, not much time is left for us to enjoy the tea and wine. Chaos prevails in the world, and even the Shaolin Temple has to deal with such an ordeal. I do not know when we could enjoy peace again.” Lin gently sighed.

Zhang Yuanshan smiled and tasted the tea. “The logic of the world has always been demonstrating the vicissitudes. Wane follows wax, and life follows death as well. Although the Barbarians are strong for the moment, they will certainly decline someday. We shall maintain our useful bodies as seeds of renaissance.”

Lin Biexue was stunned for a moment, then immediately laughed. “Truly an eminent student of a hermit sect…”

Suddenly, his smile disappeared and his expression became grim, though far from getting angry. A filthy little monk walked over without much attention.

“You are?” he asked slowly, with an overbearing air that would disaffect ordinary Jianghu fellows. This made Wei Wuji agitated. After all, it was he who had brought him in.

However, he saw the young monk sit down without minding anything. He took a cup in front of Zhang Yuanshan and poured a glass of spirits boldly. “A respect is paid by drinking first.” He made a toast casually.

Zhang Yuanshan smiled and showed no objection. He picked up another cup and poured a cup of tea.

“What?” Given the look of Zhang Yuanshan, the faces of Wei Wuji and the heroine beside and other people turned frozen. “This seemingly discomfited little monk is an old acquaintance of Young Master Zhang? Is he also a competent disciple from a reclusive sect?”

Lin Biexue was about to be irritated, but now he was surprised. Back to smiling, he picked up the glass and clinked with Meng Qi.

The expressions of the confused people around them became extremely exuberant. They started to speculate which famous master he might be.

“Cough, cough, cough!” After he drank the liquor, Meng Qi felt a hot string blazing from his throat to stomach, and could not help coughing.

“Oops, I forgot that this is not the original body that I trained to be so adaptable to alcohol.”

At that time, Meng Qi saw nothing but the cup of tea before Zhang, so he just grabbed it and drank it down. Finally, his rolling stomach stopped its struggle.

“Junior Brother Zhen Ding, putting the precepts aside, you should not have been so reckless when you drunk for the first time,” Zhang Yunshan said mildly, apparently knowing Meng Qi had no experience of drinking before. It was easy to guess, for children from noble family were generally prohibited from all temptations. Besides, he was so young when he was sent to the Shaolin Temple, and certainly had no access to wine.

Meng Qi managed to stop coughing, and smiled and played with the glass. “Without knowing the taste of spirits, how can a little monk understand the value and necessity of precepts.”

“Aye, no breakings, no establishments,” Zhang Yuanshan echoed casually.

“Where is Lady Jiang?” Meng Qi looked monastically solemn.

Zhang Yuanshan smiled wryly. “Junior Sister Jiang has no interest in socializing and is reposing herself upstairs.”

“May I have the honor?” Lin Biexue could not help asking.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33: Master Xin Ji
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Zhang Yuanshan hesitated and smiled. “Junior Brother Zhen Ding is a disciple of a dear friend of my honorable teacher. He has the sobriquet, ‘Karma-hacking Buddhist Saber’.”

“Karma-hacking Buddhist Saber…” Lin Biexue said again in a low voice and laughed. “Senior Monk Zhen Ding is also an apprentice of a grandmaster beyond secular reach.”

“Karma-hacking Buddhist Saber… ” Meng Qi grimaced a little bit, not satisfied with this sobriquet. “Do I really enjoy using a saber?”

He picked up the teacup, smiled, and tasted a mouthful of tea. “All men are doomed to struggle in this sea of woes, who could escape beyond secular reach?”

At that time, Meng Qi felt exceptionally regret. “Why do I wear this tattered and blood-stained, gray monk’s robe? With this, there is no way of showing the sublime refinement of an out-of-the-world Buddhist sage!”

“Interesting! Interesting!” Lin Biexue cackled, then raised his head and drank the cup of spirits from over his head.

“Karma-hacking Buddhist Saber?” Wei Wuji and other eavesdroppers muttered, ruminating on this nickname that had never been heard before. As it was said by Young Master Zhang, Senior Monk Zhen Ding must also have been an extraordinary martial artist. Those ordinary people indeed had little knowledge of things outside the Martial Artists Community of Heluo.

Zhang Yuanshan looked back and saw Qi Zhengyan and other bystanders. “I beg your pardon, Brother Lin. I have some visitors.” He apologized to Lin Biexue.

Lin Biexue made a gesture suggesting he did not care. “Sure, no problem. I also need to be excused to go back to my room, and meditate and harmonize Qi-circulation. This place could be attacked any time by Duo Ercha’s top killers, thus we should have good rest and retain our vigor.”

After he departed with Lin Biexue, Zhang Yunshan brought Meng Qi and the others up to the second floor and casually tittered. “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, Junior Brother Qi, you surely had a nasty trip. I can see from your bloody and tattered clothes. Yet fortunately, you made it here safe and sound, about which I had been very doubtful.”

“We did not come across any enemies in the enlightenment period,” Qi Zhengyan replied tersely.

“Well, perhaps they were too slow to catch up with you. I am informed that there are four Preternatural Master Pros under Duo Ercha’s command: Guan Haoran, the ‘Dominator of Heluo’; Kuang Chengwang, the ‘Hundred Face Bookster’; Bo Erhan, the ‘White-browed Atrocious Wolf’; and Tang Shun, the ‘Cosmos Juggler’. You ought to be careful about the remaining three.” Zhang Yuanshan stopped in front of a door, gently tapping.

“Come in.” Jiang Zhiwei’s voice came out as a chanting lark.

They pushed the door and entered. Meng Qi saw Jiang Zhiwei meditating, sitting with her legs crossed. Her “Sun-penetrating Rainbow” lay level on her knees, reflecting sunrays like a crystal stream.

And a voluptuous young wife was sitting idly at the table, playing with a teacup.

“Not bad, little monk. I see you well-applied yourselves.” Jiang Zhiwei smiled radiantly, putting her sword back in its scabbard. “I was so bored. I managed to find an opponent, but Senior Brother Zhang snatched him away.”

Because no one had been killed, she was in a great mood and started bantering.

“Amitabha Buddha, my merciful Buddha! The poor monk had no intention of killing, but the killing was for saving, just as Karma-hacking was for forestalling man-hacking. Alas, if I do not enter hell, who better deserves to?” Meng Qi concocted that with some flamboyant sayings that he learned before.

“Haha, you’re a master of talking. It sounds smart. You almost got me,” Jiang Zhiwei said without refraining her giggling. Zhang Yunshan was also amused, chortling and shaking his head. Apparently, he had never heard of heresy like this.

Then, Jiang Zhiwei pointed to that voluptuous young wife. “This lady is called Ke Bijun, at the primary level of Qi-cultivation. She also contributed a lot when we were breaking through.”

Meng Qi nodded and acquainted himself, and then turned around and introduced Little Zi and Xiang Hui. “Where is the other one? Died in the battle?” he asked finally.

“Wang Jin, the swordsman Wang, he is a martial art master with his Eye Apertures opened. Having completed the main task in the Shaolin Temple, he decided not to fool around with us juniors, and went outside searching around trying to establish some contacts,” Zhang Yuanshan answered, impersonally placid.

Meng Qi was quite concerned about the main task. “You completed the first main task? What is the second?”

“Last night we went to the temple to see His Abbotship. We completed the first main task and got the Karma points. However, our identity was suspect. They dared not let us reside in the temple, so they sent us down, saying that they will interrogate the mole first before further deliberation.” Jiang Zhiwei briefed Meng Qi and the others about the things that happened the day before. “The second main task is to hold the Shaolin Temple until the last moment in order to gain another 100 Karma points, otherwise the same amount will be deducted.”

With a little pondering, she continued, “You don’t need to worry. I am sure they will come to take you into the temple to verify the information, lest we are liars.”

Having heard what she said, Meng Qi was relieved a bit and smiled. “Senior Brother Zhang, could I borrow some spare garments from you? These clothes really vex me.”

Zhang Yuanshan grinned. “It has long been prepared for you. Junior Brother Zhen Ding, Junior Brother Qi, Brother Xiang Hui, follow me to the bath and have your clothes changed.”

…

After the bath, they changed clothes and felt refreshed. Then Meng Qi saw De Guang arrive and learned that His Abbotship, Master Xin Ji, would like to see them in person and inquire about the breakouts and the list of moles.

The meandering trail and verdant woods seemed more and more familiar as Meng Qi walked up the mountain.

“Isn’t this the trail I walk every day carrying water?” Meng Qi suddenly realized and turned his face to Jiang Zhiwei, Zhang Yuanshan, and Qi Zhengyan. They gave him a nod.

“So this is really the same as my own Shaolin Temple, except for the people?”

“Master Xin Ji is at the peak of Preternature level. One step and he will enter the realm of ‘Immortal Truth’, where the inner and outer universes converge with each other. Better pay attention to your manners when we see him.” Out of nowhere, Zhang Yuanshan started to introduce His Abbotship to Meng Qi and the others.

“Donor Zhang is being too complimentary, but in our Buddhist domicile, it is not called the realm of Immortal Truth, but the ‘Zensphere’,” explained De Guang with a soothing countenance.

At that time, Jiang Zhiwei’s familiar voice came into Meng Qi’s ears. “This temple’s layout is also consistent with that of the Shaolin Temple. Don’t be surprised, for the Worlds of Samsara are rife with mysteries.”

With her reminding, when Meng Qi stepped into the temple and went across the square, the hall, and the courtyard. He did not show consternation, but was somehow bedazzled. It seemed like he was not in a Samsara task in the World of Samsara, but in daily life walking with Junior Brother Zhen Hui, following a daily routine of carrying water, learning words, training in Kung Fu, sitting for meditation, and reciting scriptures.

“Donnng…!”

A faraway bell, tolling profoundly and continuously, aroused Meng Qi from his trance and pacified his misgivings.

Inside the Great Buddha’s Hall, Meng Qi saw a dozen monastics in yellow robes and red cassocks. Among which, the leading one had thin white brows. His skin was flabby and full of wrinkles, but his eyes emanated benevolence with no foulness.

“My honorable benefactors, you came to inform us despite the risks of death. The old monk cannot be more obliged.” Xin Ji held his palms together and quoted a Buddha’s name.

“The ferocious Barbarians are common enemies of our country. We humble Kung Fu practitioners merely made a modest effort to protect the Pure Land of Buddhism.” Meng Qi was quite adept at saying the proper words for particular occasions. Then he took out from his sleeves the list of traitors given by Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms.

Xin Ji nodded slightly. With a wave of his hand, that piece of paper fell into his hand with a light wind.

Suddenly, Meng Qi saw something blur in front of him. The statue of the golden Buddha in the center of the hall was smiling, its hand pinching a flower, under which the candle flame sprang up and interwove into several characters:

“The list of traitors was sent to the Shaolin Temple. Main task one is completed. Each person in the temple shall be rewarded 50 Karma points.

“Main task two is launched: Defend the Shaolin Temple to the last moment. Escaping in advance is forbidden. Those succeeding will be rewarded 100 Karma points each, and losers will be deducted 100 each.”

The flame then vanished, and so did the words. Meng Qi finally felt relieved. Looking down, he quietly waited for Xin Ji’s inquisition.

Xin Ji read the list and sighed. “Even reclusive monastics could not be spared facing secular disturbance. Thanks for the list that you donors sent to us, despite the threats of death. Otherwise, the consequences would have been disastrous.”

“Your Abbotship’s Divine Skill prevails over this world. I have no doubt that you will defend the Shaolin Temple against Duo Ercha and his army. We are here only to provide minor help,” Zhang Yuanshan politely replied.

Xin Ji shook his head. “We mendicants are not mendacious. If the traitors’ conspiracy succeeds, mountain passes cannot be held, which will yield great difficulty in checking Duo Ercha’s army. Besides, I and my old body are about to perish, and my Kung Fu is not as competent as before, while Duo Ercha is said to be the top one among Barbarians, with his moves drawing blustering winds and turbulent clouds. I truly don’t have the confidence to stop him, but only seek to suppress him by sacrificing this incapacitated flesh.”

“Abbot, you can’t do that! Keep a useful life for the future!”

“Master, your name has been formidable in Jianghu for decades, and it’s Shaolin Temple’s symbol. As long as you are alive, even if the temple is destroyed, the Shaolin sect remains intact!”

All Chief Elders and Seniors started to dissuade him.

Xin Ji raised his right palm and stopped the clamor. “Amitabha. As people resigned from the secular world, why can’t you see beyond the mortal skin?”

When he finished, he smiled and looked at Meng Qi. “This old man is interested in those encounters between you and the assassins. I wonder if you could report it to me.”

Meng Qi knew this was the key to gaining trust, so he nodded slightly. “Please, Your Abbotship, ask as you please.”

One by one, Xin Ji asked Meng Qi, Qi Zhengyan, Little Zi, and Xiang Hui about some of the main details.

As long as it did not involve their true identities, they had a clear conscience telling him the truth. They did not change their own statements after hearing the others’ testimonies, but were very honest and candid.

No change was seen in the expression of Xin Ji, who had been patiently listening until everyone had answered.

“Old men always have quirks. Thank you for meeting my curiosity,” Xin Ji smiled and said, then turned around to some monks nearby. “See to the accommodation of these donors…”

His voice had hardly faded when, among Meng Qi and the other people in front of Xin Ji, a figure darted out like a ghost and smashed his palm on Xin Ji between his chest and abdomen.

His cassock inflated like a ball, and instantaneously bounced the man away. But a gush of blood spurted out from Xin Ji’s mouth, showering on the man like grains of iron pellets.

“Xiang Hui?” Meng Qi finally realized. The man who attacked His Abbotship turned out to be one from his company!

“Haha, the Grand General bid me say hello to Your Abbotship!” Then, “Xiang Hui” guffawed, and as fast as a gust of wind, he headed toward the exit.

In the path that he chose stood Ke Bijun, whose Kung Fu was relatively low.

“Pop!” He knocked Ke Bijun down with his palm. He could now see an empty path leading to the gate.

“I made it!” he thought with elation.

Suddenly, a beam of sword light flashed over, pointing at him between his brows. He was forced to stop, then he changed his direction.

But this sword light was like gangrene attached to his bones, no matter how “Xiang Hui” tried to dodge, it always pointed at him and tingled his mid-brow point.

“What is this sword art?!” He felt scared.

At this time, some President beside Xin Ji opened his mouth with consternation:

“The… the Hundred Face Bookster!”

Meng Qi suddenly realized that the original Xiang Hui had been killed in the second battle—he was replaced by the “Hundred Face Bookster”!

“I’ve stayed close to such a hideous foe for an entire day!” This thought made Meng Qi shudder.

“Luckily, I am not his target!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34: Side Task
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The “Hundred Face Bookster” was renowned for his mastery of disguise and camouflage, as well as the Lightness Skill. Within a split second, he had moved quickly in such a narrow space and struggled to escape the chasing glinting sword whose tip pointed straight at his mid-brows.

But he was terrified to find that no matter how quick he moved, it seemed that his adversary already knew his next moves and could keep pace with him. The coldness of the sword light between his mid-brows grew more intense and deep!

“How can this swordsman be so powerful?”

While at the inn, he had made a stealthy inquiry into the “Dominator of Heluo”, Guan Haoran, so he knew that Zhang Yuanshan’s martial arts prowess had become superb and even stepped into the Preternatural. So after the sneak attack on Master Xin Ji, he chose an escape route that could avoid Zhang Yuanshan and did not try to break out from Little Zi’s barricade, who literally had no Kung Fu.

“Who would’ve ever thought that this charming girl who always wore a bright smile was indeed a fearsome swordsman!”

She was absolutely superior to the widely venerated and deified Young Master Zhang!

Far superior!

Regret ran deep and hot through the Hundred Face Bookster’s veins all the way to his heart, but he knew he could tarry no longer. Should he dodge this sword, by the time when the Presidents and Elders of Shaolin arrived, he would have no chance to escape. So, he gritted his teeth and dashed forward. A flush of crimson showed on his cheek. He then abruptly dodged backward with ghostly footwork, moving straight between Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan.

He was trying to get rid of Jiang Zhiwei’s sword with the help of a “human shield”!

Meng Qi was awe-struck by Hundred Face Bookster’s deft agility as he moved so quickly and weirdly like a ghost or a fox. In a sudden burst of realization, he thought of his own “Eight Divine Steps”. At once, he seemed to have understood something but also seemed to understand nothing.

Hundred Face Bookster stepped seemingly into the thin air with his left foot and pivoted on his right, spinning himself around with an otherworldly move. He was about to dodge his way behind Meng Qi to elude Jiang Zhiwei’s bone-handled sword.

“That footwork…” Meng Qi felt it strangely familiar as there was a similar move in the Eight Divine Steps!

Thus, he instinctively spun around on his heels and dodged his way behind Hundred Face Bookster in a flash as well.

No one stood before him, so Hundred Face Bookster was stunned and dumbfounded. Moreover, the coldness in his mid-brow scowl grew more intense.

He had no choice but to change his steps again. And Meng Qi exerted the best step of “the Eight Divine Steps” under Hundred Face Bookster’s inducement.

Like dance partners, the two men shifted direction over and over again. Although they changed all the time, they kept facing each other. Their moves were graceful and unpredictable.

“Damn it!” Hundred Face Bookster cursed in rage in his heart. If he had just another split second, he would have sent this little monk straight to hell. But after a single block, he realized that the sharp point of the blade was again pointed at him.

At his side, Qi Zhengyang drew his long sword. Slowly and languidly, a blanket of stars descended like wintry snow from Heaven, enveloping Hundred Face Bookster.

When Zhang Yuanshan and the Shaolin monks finally arrived, Hundred Face Bookster had his back to the wall.

Meng Qi’s Kung Fu technique was far inferior to Hundred Face Bookster’s, so with the fear of being taken hostage by him, he put the Eight Divine Steps to good use. Looking for the opportunity to make a break out of it, he unsheathed his Buddhist Commandment Blade and prepared to exert the Fists of Pacification, ultimately stabbing Hundred Face Bookster when he was off guard.

Meng Qi’s heart was filled with indignation when he thought that he had spent a whole day with Hundred Face Bookster, who completely tricked him and drove him to the brink of death. Thus, Meng Qi would naturally not miss any chance to get revenge.

Hundred Face Bookster’s wealth of novel disguises were all for naught. He had taken the palm strike of the President at the Commandment Yard and clashed swords with Jiang Zhiwei, Zhang Yuanshan, and Qi Zhengyan. But with tousled hair, losing blood, and staggering about, his reactions became sluggish, leaving no hope of escape.

Seeing this, Meng Qi made his move, his sword cutting a mortal wound in his adversary’s back.

“Oh, how narrow-minded I am!”

Hundred Face Bookster could no longer support his own weight. He collapsed to the ground and after a red cassock flashed, his acupoints were sealed.

“Namo Amitabha. Donor Kuang, how have you been since our parting? 10 years have passed, it’s my fault that I failed to recognize you.” Xin Ji’s face was pale, but he stepped forward without support from anyone.

Hundred Face Bookster was captured, and knowing that begging for his life was pointless, he threw his head back and laughed heartily. “Haha, Your Abbotship has grown dim with age and is no longer the hero of the day. But, the great general loves the Master. Should you yourself attempt to command the defection of the Shaolin monks, he would surely beseech the emperor, who would make the Shaolin Temple the first Buddhist temple for the wise Royal Advisor! That day, its incense will burn upon the fertile earth!”

“I would never do the deads of the Asuras like leading beasts to eat human beings.” Xin Ji rolled off these words with grandiosity.

“You’re the only concern the general is worried about, and now that you’re injured, who else can stop the general? Is it the narrowest mountain pass? This can contain the ordinary masters and soldiers. Yet, to the general, it’s as level as the flatlands and would exist only in name!” Failed in buying off His Abbotship, Hundred Face Bookster tried to terrify him. “Your Abbotship, you shall not let the Shaolin Temple perish with its millennium inheritance.”

Meng Qi nodded slightly and imperceptibly, yet was not in total agreement with Hundred Face Bookster’s sentiment. One thing he said was correct, however, when in the presence of an incomparable “transcendent” master, even the narrowest of mountain passes would be of no use. This master could pass right through, kill the guards, and open the channel for his accomplices to enter.

“Amitabha. You needn’t say much. Shaolin’s heritage lay within the spirit of Zen.” Xin Ji lifted his tunic and swept his bony withered hand atop Hundred Face Bookster’s head. “I can’t hold my hand in the face of a war anymore.”

“I can’t believe you’re going to kill me!” Hundred Face Bookster was both frightened and terrified. He had expected that Shaolin Monks would stop Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan from killing him and just destroy his Kung Fu accomplishments. “What about your commandments and your Siddhartha Gautama? The general is coming and you’ll all be dead!”

“Amitabha. The Budda has not only a compassionate heart but also a fierce stare.” Xin Ji said in a calm and even tone and gently slapped his palm on the head of Hundred Face Bookster.

Within the blink of an eye, Hundred Face Bookster fell softly to the ground with his eyes wide open.

Feeling this old monk was a man after his own heart, Meng Qi was just about to speak when he suddenly caught sight of the eternal smile of the Golden Body of the Buddharupa flash once again, and with that, a flame arose out of thin air, and in it was a constantly changing text.

“Side task one: For killing Hundred Face Bookster, one of the four Preternatural Master Pros at the enemy camp, Jiang Zhiwei will receive a reward of 30 Karma points; Zhang Yuanshan and Zhen Ding will each receive a reward of 20 Karma points; Qi Zhengyan and Wang Jin will receive a reward of 10 Karma points.

“Side task description: Kill one of the four Preternatural Master Pros from the enemy camp. Those who take up the gauntlet to carry out this task shall be rewarded with the proper points in accordance with the degree of difficulty, his strength, and level of effort.

“Side task two starts: Kill General Duo Ercha. Each man who takes up the gauntlet and enters into this accord shall be rewarded within the range of 50-200 Karma points!”

Meng Qi was very much surprised. “Is this a side task?”

At that time, Zhang Yuanshan spoke to him and Qi Zhengyan with the Secret Voice-sending. “I had no time to tell you two in detail earlier. I began this task when I assassinated Guan Haoran, for I took action alone and thus received 50 Karma points according to my strength. If Junior Brother Zhen Ding had taken the task independently, the reward would’ve been over 100 Karma points.”

Meng Qi nodded in agreement, however, he could ask no questions under the circumstances, so he waited for Xin Ji to speak.

Looking at the corpse of Hundred Face Bookster, Xin Ji was about to talk when suddenly a white-eyebrowed monk appeared from his back and pointed at Meng Qi and others indignantly. “You poisonous traitors! How dare you to bring Hundred Face Bookster into the temple and injure His Abbotship! What else is in your cunning scheme?”

The Presidents and Elders stepped forward one by one, intending to take down Meng Qi and the others.

Before Zhang Yuanshan could begin his explanation, Xin Ji waved his sleeves and said, “There is no need to get annoyed, these donors aren’t spies and had just been deceived by Hundred Face Bookster. If they were spies, I would be dead if Donor Jiang and Donor Zhang both attacked me when Hundred Face Bookster made his sneak-attack on me.”

As this line of reasoning was very convincing, their excitement gave way to calm, but the white-eyebrowed monk’s expression remained unperturbed. “The identities of your donors are questionable. Perhaps a lot of you are indeed righteous and noble of spirit, but it’s uncertain that there might be someone like Hundred Face Bookster among you who would hide for his future cunning scheme. Until the identity of the colluder has been made clear, none of you shall be allowed to remain in the temple.”

“But this would dispirit the honest and righteous who are coming to help,” a middle-aged monk said hesitatingly.

The white-eyebrowed monk said firmly, “His Abbotship was attacked and badly injured. We can’t take any more risks, and what’s more, there may be quite a few Barbarian spies among the righteous men. I think it’s better to make them leave.”

Master Xin Ji let out a heavy sigh and announced to Zhang Yuanshan, “There are some contentions and debates in this holy temple of ours, which are unsuitable for you to hear. I suggest that your donors should go back first. We’ll inform you of the result of the discussion.”

Though feeling begrudged for the unfair treatment, Zhang Yuanshan, Jiang Zhiwei, and the others did not turn against the monks because of their cultivation from large sects and their young age. Instead, they carried Ke Bijun’s body on their back, said farewell, and returned to the foot of the mountain.

Wang Jin, who had never spoken with Meng Qi and the others while traversing the mountain paths, suddenly spoke up, “Should none of us be allowed into the temple, then how shall we persevere in the foothills?”

Zhang Yuanshan pondered in silence for a moment, “I hope for a fruitful negotiation, and standing our ground at the foot of the mountain is also protecting the Shaolin Temple, though I know it is perilous. Ah, Junior Brother Zhen Ding, do you know the secret passage to the Shaolin Temple?”

Instead of taking the regular route to the Shaolin Temple, he intended to sneak in from the secret passage, yet this place was strikingly similar to the main world of the Shaolin Temple. Asking Meng Qi was the correct choice.

“I’ve only been in the temple for a year, how could I know the secret passage?” Meng Qi answered with deep resignation.

Abruptly, Qi Zhengyan interjected in a soft voice, “We may sneak into the Shaolin Temple where the Barbarian army had broken through the pass, and we’ll be more careful from there on.”

Zhang Yuanshan sighed, “Considering that Master Xin Ji is badly injured, I doubt Shaolin’s determination to stand fast. Perhaps they may ask promising disciples to secretly leave with scripts, Buddha’s relics, and other precious things. At that time, it doesn’t matter whether or not we’re spies and they’ll let us in.”

“I hope that things will go as Senior Brother Zhang has expected,” Qi Zhengyan said nodding in agreement.

Jiang Zhiwei, who kept silent the whole time, suddenly spoke up, “If it’s impossible for us to enter the temple to complete our main task, we should try our best to kill Duo Ercha, so that we can each obtain 50 Karma points, which would be enough for the deduction added to the previous accumulation.”

“What a typical thought of Jiang Zhiwei…” Meng Qi had unspoken criticism.

At that moment, Zhang Yuanshan said in a solemn tone, “We had no idea that Xiang Hui was replaced by Hundred Face Bookster, and we talked a lot about the World of Samsara. So, why didn’t he strike us down?”

“Perhaps Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms had manipulated Hundred Face Bookster’s hearing. After all, he can’t warn us of the ‘spy’, but we shall not be blamed for this mishap,” Meng Qi guessed.

It was the only explanation, for Hundred Face Bookster was dead while Meng Qi himself and the others were not obliterated.

They arrived at the inn during the discussion, only to find an oppressive atmosphere of silence and fear.

“What happened, Swordsman Wei?” Meng Qi waved to Wei Wuji, who was standing close by.

Wei Wuji walked hurriedly over and looked at Zhang Yuanshan. Shocked and terrified, he said, “Young Master Zhang, Junior Leader Lin was murdered!”

“What?” Zhang Yunshan regained his composure, but could not keep from voicing his shock. Was Lin Biexue, who they had just been sipping tea and cackling over wine with, actually murdered?

“Yes, the boy attendant of Junior Leader Lin saw that it was the time that Lin should’ve finished his meditation and Qi-circulation. So he went to tidy up, only to find that Lin was lying on the bed in a peculiar death posture,” Wei Wuji said in a frightened tone.

“Bring us to take a look,” Zhang Yuanshan ordered.

Feeling that this was strange, Meng Qi made no objection. He followed them to the second floor and entered Lin Biexue’s room.

In the room, Lin Biexue lay still and silent on the bed, with a peaceful and tranquil expression and a smile on his lips, seemingly relieved and reborn with no pain. However, the skin and muscles under his neck were shrunken and jaundiced, as if he were an old mummy. It was all terribly bizarre!

“This kind of death seems so strikingly familiar, yet it’s not identical…” Zhang Yuanshan gave Jiang Zhiwei a puzzled look.

Jiang Zhiwei nodded in agreement, showing the same feeling.

Suddenly, a loud “Bang!” rang out through the air from the door behind them.

Meng Qi and the others looked back and saw Little Zi step back with her face ghastly white. She even felt nothing when she slammed straight into the back wall.

“Xiaosang, Xiaosang has come…” she said, shaking her head as if in a trance.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35: Sounds of Wind and Rain
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

In Great Buddha’s Hall of the Shaolin Temple—

“Your Abbotship, how serious are your injuries?” a white-browed old monk asked with concern after Meng Qi and the rest had left.

A sudden redness spread over Xin Ji’s pale face and a rain of blood poured from his mouth, dying the cassock on his chest red.

“Your Abbotship!”

“Master!”

All the monks screamed in unison, understanding that His Abbotship had concealed his injuries so he would not expose his debility in front of strangers.

Xin Ji waved his hand and slowly said, “No harm done. I’m fine now, but I can only use less than half of my power.”

The monks were silent. His Abbotship was already so old and frail that he would probably lose in the fight against General Duo Ercha. Now, it was even more hopeless with only half his power available. What was worse, there were only two other beginner Preternatural Master Pros in the temple. They might not be able to beat Duo Ercha’s two subordinates, White-Browed Atrocious Wolf and Cosmos Juggler, let alone General Duo Ercha himself.

The white-browed old monk let out a long sigh. “Your Abbotship, since things have come to this, we’d better focus on protecting the disciples of the temple.”

“Junior Xin Chan, I get what you mean.” Xin Ji gave a little nod and looked back at the Golden Body of the Buddharupa. “Barbarians are fortunate in their timing. Never mind the so-called Royal Advisor or leader of the Turkish people, the Wolf Lord, General Duo Ercha himself, is among the top Kung Fu masters in the world. He lives a life of few failures and manages 300 invincible Wolf Soldiers.

“If we choose to put our lives on the line and put up a defense, we might ward off Duo Ercha. But we can’t defend for so long. And worse still, it seems that we can’t even put up a defense for a short time.

“What I said before doesn’t mean denying the disciples protection. Rather, I’m willing to use my old and frail body to distract Duo Ercha so you all have a chance to escape. After all, if I survive, Duo Ercha will try every means to hunt and kill me. In the process, you may be hurt or killed, and there may be not enough time to put away the Buddhist script and relics.”

Duo Ercha had 300 Wolf Soldiers with infinite power. Allegedly, they sensed no pain and felt no fear after going through arcane training methods.

The monks became silent again. They knew Duo Ercha saw His Abbotship as a thorn in his side. The siege this time was mostly aimed at eliminating all the Peerless Master Pros. The killing would not stop until the goal was achieved. Thus, it would be useless to abandon the temple and run. But if His Abbotship passed away, the other monks might face less of a risk of being hunted and killed. At the very least, General Duo Ercha would not personally do so. At that time, some of them could survive after splitting up and making their escapes separately.

“Master, I’m willing to remain here to guard the Shaolin Temple.” A middle-aged monk prostrated himself with sorrow in front of Xin Ji.

Xin Ji sighed. “Why be so persistent?”

He disagreed with his disciple, but looked around and said, “The temple has a secret passage, only known to the Abbotships. As soon as possible, you all should arrange for disciples to pack the scripts and wait for the chance to escape late at night. As for the ordinary disciples, leave a note for them to go downhill on their own before you leave.”

“What about the donors at the foot of the mountain? Should we tell them to leave?” another monk asked, smiling like Maitreya Buddha.

The white-browed old monk, Xin Chan, calmly said, “Tell them? Who knows how many Barbarian spies are hidden among them, like Hundred Face Bookster earlier. If Duo Ercha finds out in advance, the Shaolin Temple will be in mortal danger!”

“After the ordinary disciples go down the mountain, the donors will learn of our plan and disperse quickly.” Xin Ji was reluctant to risk any information leaking out.

“Master, since Duo Ercha had arranged Hundred Face Bookster to launch a sneak attack, I think he ought to be nearby. We can’t allow any delays and can’t wait until late at night.” The kneeling middle-aged monk stood up. “The donors at the foot of the mountain will leave on their own once they see the oncoming Wolf Soldiers and the closed gate.”

Xin Ji solemnly nodded. “That’s reasonable.”

…

At the inn at the foot of the mountain—

“Xiaosang, Xiaosang is coming…” Little Zi acted as if she had encountered an evil ghost, giving Wei Wuji and the other onlooking swordsmen goosebumps and raised hair.

“Who is Xiaosang ? It sounds rather horrifying!”

Stunned, Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan looked at Little Zi. “Xiaosang? Gu Xiaosang?”

“Who is she…?” Meng Qi had heard Little Zi mention Gu Xiaosang before but did not expect that name to be so famous. Even Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan seemed to have known about her for a long time.

“Ah, Gu Xiaosang. She’s here. She’s going to kill me…” Little Zi was close to hysterical tears.

Meng Qi saw that Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan had become cautious and wondered if Gu Xiaosang was a celebrity in the main world. “Otherwise, where would they have heard of this name?

“But we were supposed to be the only ones in this round of reincarnation.

“Does she belong to the reincarnation of the rival team?

“But it doesn’t seem like it, because Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms did not inform us.”

They all exchanged glances. Just as Jiang Zhiwei wanted to be honest and tell Meng Qi who Gu Xiaosang was through Secret Voice-sending, the sound of a horn came from outside that startled everyone.

“Toot!”

The long horn sound was desolate, profound, and carried a hint of intensity. Then, the sound of horses’ hoofs followed quickly, like raging waves pounding on the banks.

“Wolf Soldiers! Wolf Soldiers!” There was a great change in Wei Wuji’s expression and his hands were actually trembling. The arrival of the Wolf Soldiers meant that General Duo Ercha was nearby!

He shouted, “My good heroes, the Wolf Soldiers are coming. We should hurry and retreat to the Shaolin Temple and guard the mountain pass.”

Since the landscape was wide at the foot of the mountain, he concluded that he would be unable to ward off that many Wolf Soldiers.

“What Master Wei said is reasonable!”

“Let’s run towards the Shaolin gate!”

On seeing the vast expanse of smoke and dust rising in the distance, the loyal and chivalrous knights recalled the fierce reputation of the Wolf Soldiers and became fearful without any reason. They all flocked toward the gate.

Meng Qi and the others looked out the inn window and saw the cavalry quickly riding horses amidst the dust that filled the sky. The knights were all wearing dark, full-bodied armor and exposed only their eyes.

“Get down on your knees or be killed!” A majestic, ice-cold sound came from out of the blue. The voice was so loud that they could even hear it from the foot of the mountain.

“Duo Ercha, General Duo Ercha!” Wei Wuji cried out, his face turning pale. He said in a panic to De Guang, who was guarding the Shaolin gate, “Open the door! General Duo Ercha is coming!”

With a similar pale face, De Guang said, “Donor Wei, I can’t open the door without His Abbotship’s permission.”

“Ungrateful, so ungrateful! We risked our lives to come and help, but you think so little of our lives!” Wei Wuji was red with anger.

The knights nearby became agitated, resulting in a chaotic scene.

“Humph. You people have courage in the face of infighting, but become cowardly in front of true battles. The people of the Central Plains are lowlifes.” Duo Ercha’s voice sounded like a rumble of thunder.

His figure appeared in front of the cavalry, looking burly and majestic. He carried a one-legged bronze statue on his palm. Though he was not riding a horse, he was taller than the other Wolf Soldiers.

He paced forward as if the ground had shrunk down to inches. In just a few breaths, he had gone a long distance.

As he approached, the sky darkened, winds blew wildly, dark clouds gathered, and there was a muffled sound of thunder.

Meng Qi could even detect the deep stench of blood and corpses from Duo Ercha, causing endless fear in him.

“Half-Step Exterior Scenery, Half-Step Exterior Scenery.” Zhang Yuanshan pulled out his own long sword and brandished it. A sound roared just like that of dragons, awakening Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan out of their states of hallucination. Their illusions of the mountain of corpses disappeared.

Jiang Zhiwei seemed somewhat eager and said, “Duo Ercha does look stronger than Master Xin Ji. Not only has he opened up his Nine Apertures, but he has begun feeling the Exterior World, only a step away from the intersection between the Interior and Exterior World. Even if I use the Anatta Sword, I’m afraid I can’t beat him.”

“Half-Step Exterior Scenery?” the ignorant Meng Qi asked involuntarily.

Jiang Zhiwei raised her head slightly. “Exterior Scenery means achieving the intersection between the Interior World and Exterior World so each action you make changes the world. In the Exterior Realm, every Kung Fu move has great power with implicit mystery. It’s very easy to destroy a mountain peak or a city. Duo Ercha can change the astronomical phenomena. This proves he’s only half a step away.”

“The opponent this time is so strong…” Just from hearing that description, Meng Qi understood that Duo Ercha was many times stronger than the Fort Master of King’s Hiding Castle the last time, nevermind the added strange vision of howling winds and surging clouds, cracking thunder and falling rain. “He’s completely beyond our fighting capabilities!”

Meng Qi guessed that if Jiang Zhiwei used the Anatta Sword, in her current state of four open Apertures (two Eye Apertures and two Ear Apertures), she could kill masters who had opened Eight Apertures, and even a Nine Apertured Master. But such masters who had begun feeling the mystery of heaven and earth could not be defeated by mere Kung Fu tricks. Obviously, the difficulty of this task was beyond imagination!

“That’s not necessarily true. If Xin Ji is safe and Junior Sister Jiang cooperates with him, there’s an opportunity to kill Duo Ercha,” Zhang Yuanshan said helplessly.

He only opened his Eye Apertures. When facing Duo Ercha, he feared he could only block a few strikes and could hardly even fight alongside Jiang Zhiwei. Although he also had tricks up his sleeve, the gap between the two realms was too great.

Meng Qi thought for a moment and said, “Our task this time is upholding the Shaolin Temple until the last moment. It’s not necessary for us to fight Duo Ercha face-to-face.”

“Bang!”

Giant thunder burst in everyone’s ears. The vision of a mountain of corpses and endless evil ghosts appeared even clearer.

All these Jianghu fighters were affected by the changes of the world and the mental pressure that Duo Ercha exerted. They broke down, some escaping toward both sides and some shouting: “These spiteful and ruthless bald-asses! Let’s kill the soldiers to enter the temple!”

“Rumble!”

De Guang and the others guarding the Shaolin gate were startled by the thunder and seemed paralyzed. They wanted to resist the madmen using the terrain’s advantage, but had no energy to do so. They could only watch them smashing the gate and rushing into the temple like demons.

“Donor Wei…” De Guang noticed Wei Wuji’s ferocious face as he slapped his head with his palm.

“Pitter-patter!” Heavy rain finally fell and the ground was covered in blood.

Duo Ercha stood at the gate. Turning his head, he looked coldly at the nearby inn and commanded the Wolf Soldiers behind him. “50 of you stay here to kill these people. The rest, follow me up the mountain.”

He had criss-cross wounds on his face. No one could tell his true appearance at all.

50 soldiers separated from the Wolf Soldiers and ran respectively toward both sides. They were all covered in armor with only a pair of exposed eyes that were as red as blood.

“Go to the Shaolin gate in 10 minutes, or you’ll fail the second main task.” These words appeared on the muddy ground.

“Follow them into the temple, otherwise the main task will fail,” Meng Qi said with clenched teeth after seeing the notification from Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms.

At such a time, they still had to follow the soldiers into the temple. They could be considered exemplary models of high morality.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36: Duo Ercha
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The 50 Wolf Soldiers were all holding sabers half the length of a man as they charged ahead on their horses. With a clean wave of their hands, bodies were split into two halves and blood spilled.

Although those knights were trained in the Lightness Skill, it was still impossible for them to catch up with the galloping horses on the ground and actively fight back under Duo Ercha’s overwhelming pressure. A series of screams rang through the air for a moment, with heavy casualties on their side.

If not for the fact that there were too many of them for the Wolf Soldiers to kill, it was likely the knights would all be wiped out.

The slaughter not only terrified them but also alarmed them enough to rush toward the rugged foot of the mountain. They tried to rely on the terrain to escape.

The Wolf Soldiers chased after them separately in different directions.

Around 10 soldiers tracked them to the inn and just so happened to run into Meng Qi and the others, who were planning on following them to the temple.

Meng Qi found himself face-to-face with the gleaming saber of a Wolf Soldier. With the abnormally fierce soldiers coupled with their horses, Meng Qi thought that his Iron Shirt was too unreliable.

Even if he would not be cut into two halves like everyone else, he would not escape unscathed either!

While he was from escaping the inn, he had been paying close attention to the Wolf Soldiers’ attacks and trying to figure out a way to counterattack. But there was no longer any time to think. Before his mind could come up with anything, his body was already reacting.

Stooping and rolling, Meng Qi nimbly escaped the saber and took the chance to cut the horse’s fore hoofs with his Buddhist Commandment Blade.

The horse screamed in pain and dumped the soldier off its back. Meng Qi threw himself totally on the soldier, attempting to split his head with a long blade.

“Clunk!”

With a crisp sound, Meng Qi’s blade hit the soldier’s helmet. As the soldier was armored from head to toe, seemingly made of refined steel, his Buddhist Commandment Blade was not the best weapon. Even with a full-powered hit, the blade could only make a crack in the helmet.

Though dazzled by the attack, the soldier showed no reaction in his crimson eyes. He stepped up and mechanically waved his saber.

Meng Qi flashed to the right of the soldier using the Eight Divine Steps and plunged his blade right into the chest of the slow-moving soldier. What burst out was still a clunk.

Failing to hurt the soldier’s flesh, Meng Qi unfortunately received a gash on his left shoulder.

“It seems like he has mastered Iron Shirt better than me!” Meng Qi murmured. The strategy he used against Zhen Miao occurred to him and he gave the current situation a quick analysis. He confidently used the Eight Divine Steps to try and create a chance to attack the soldier’s only exposed part—his eyes.

In doing so, the soldier was unable to touch Meng Qi. He roared angrily to summon up his nearby soldiers to form a battle array.

The Wolf Soldiers were trained at birth to be outstanding killing tools, which was based on their power to wear a heavy suit of armor made of refined steel after secret training and the absence of pain and fear. However, being slow to move was a fatal defect. But they could make up for their defect by working together. That was why Duo Ercha came up with a battle array of three to five members.

Unfortunately, his fellow soldiers nearby were kicked down one by one before they could gather together. That was because Jiang Zhiwei used her sword to stab the soldiers’ eyes as she gracefully stepped past them. As for Zhang Yuanshan, he upheld the defense work perfectly and knocked down some soldiers each time he counterattacked.

Qi Zhengyan fully utilized the advantage of 13 Moves of Infinitely Changing Mist. With magically flashing swordsmanship, he stabbed the eyes of the soldiers. The soldiers fell and rolled onto the ground, clutching their eyes.

The eyes were also one of the Wolf Soldiers’ weaknesses!

Meng Qi knew this well. But compared to his opponents’ long swords, his short Buddhist Commandment Blade was really quite lacking.

A sudden idea occurred to him. Using the back of his blade, he repeatedly bashed the soldier’s helmet.

A dozen chops later, the soldier froze and no longer had the strength to hold his saber. A stream of blood spilled from his eyes and other crevices in his helmet. He then weakly fell to the ground.

Meng Qi thought proudly that he could give the soldier a concussion, even though he could not use his blade to stab him.

“The squad of four men” easily killed all the Wolf Soldiers.

“Hey, where’s Little Zi? Wang Jin?” Meng Qi realized that Wang Jin and Little Zi had been missing from the chaos earlier.

“I saw Wang Jin enter the gate just now, but have no idea where Little Zi went,” Jiang Zhiwei answered.

“Well, we can’t mind them anymore,” Qi Zhengyan said expressionlessly.

Meng Qi did not oppose that because he neither had the time nor the ability to look for Little Zi now. His top priority was entering the gate.

When it came to helping others, Meng Qi had one principle—to help as much as it required to put his conscience at ease. But the issue here was Little Zi running around. Furthermore, nearly all of them had a tacit understanding that she should not run around and now it was time for her to stew in her own juice.

Everyone shared a tacit understanding and said nothing. Taking advantage of the soldiers killing the other knights, they flashed toward the gate and ran toward the temple up the mountain.

“You’ve entered the Shaolin Temple. You must safeguard it until the last moment. Stay in the confines of the area. Hide in the woods and enter the temple as soon as possible.” Leaves by the road rustled and formed a series of words.

Meng Qi quietly sighed in relief when he saw that. Earlier, he really felt as if he was in the film Speed .

Along the road lay one corpse after another, some of which were the heroes and paladins of Jianghu and some were Shaolin monks. Only a few were bodies of the Wolf Soldiers.

The four did not linger and soon saw dark clouds and wind whistling on the opposing hillside. A crowd of Wolf Soldiers surrounding Duo Ercha was massacring the monks on guard. What shocked them was how few knights were left. And those who remained had gone over to the Wolf Soldiers’ side. Wei Wuji was one of them!

“They must be spies…” Meng Qi whispered after a glance.

Before Jiang Zhiwei could respond, Duo Ercha abruptly turned his head and looked over with his cold eyes.

“One of them is Preternatural,” he said quietly, then the howling wind fell.

Jiang Zhiwei gripped her sword even more tightly. She was filled with a mixture of fear, alertness, and unconcealed excitement.

Just when Duo Ercha was about to take a step forward, a figure descended on him. A thin hand holding a string of prayer beads slammed toward his body.

The hand was not large and was covered with subtle golden light. But in Meng Qi’s eyes, it felt like his vision was obscured.

Layers of golden light emerged from the prayer beads, with faint Buddhist chants ringing out.

The dark clouds broke up and the wind weakened. The dozen Wolf Soldiers in front of Duo Ercha screeched miserably and fell on the ground.

“How can they screech without being able to sense pain?”

With a cold sneer, Duo Ercha hurled the one-legged bronze statue sitting on his right palm.

“Paa!”

A bolt of lightning crackled through the sky, illuminating the scene. Meng Qi saw that thin palm hit the bronze statue squarely.

After a dull sound, the clouds once again gathered, the wind started howling, and rain began falling rapidly.

Meng Qi sighed, wondering if such an amazing battle of powers was only possible between top-level masters who had enlightened their Apertures.

“Your Vajra Powerful Palm is extraordinary as expected,” Duo Ercha said. “Too bad you’ve become old…”

“Amitabha. Donor, why not drop the butcher’s knife and follow Buddha?” Master Xin Ji responded in a deep voice.

A heavy wind blew around the confronting ground of those two. It knocked down the nearest circle of soldiers, leaving nothing but blood and pulp in suits of armor. The soldiers standing in the outer circle were ramshackle and dared not approach anymore.

Clenching her teeth, Jiang Zhiwei summoned up her courage and said, “I’ll go and lend Master Xin Ji a hand! If we can kill Duo Ercha, we’ll definitely complete the main task.”

This was a good chance to kill him! They could not miss it!

Otherwise, they would all be Duo Ercha’s targets later!

Everyone realized this fact, so no one stopped Jiang Zhiwei. They kept up with her and helped clear the Iron Vest Army blocking her path.

After Meng Qi’s ingenuity earlier, he continued fighting the soldiers by pummeling their helmets. Even if his strength was inadequate, it was enough to make the soldiers dizzy and find it difficult to fight. On the other hand, Qi Zhengyan displayed 13 Moves of Infinitely Changing Mist to wander in the crowd, leaving no trace of his presence.

After seeing Jiang Zhiwei entering the fight against Duo Ercha, Zhang Yuanshan momentarily hesitated before going near her. Though there were difficulties from all sides, he waited for a chance to make his move.

“Hey, it’s Wang Jin.” Meng Qi noticed him accidentally amidst all the battles. He was attempting to sneak into the temple while dealing with the soldiers.

“Come on!” Jiang Zhiwei spared no efforts in displaying her fogbow-like sword to attack Duo Ercha in a series of subtle moves. The giant bronze statue blocked her attacks from all directions. Each time she successfully hit the statue, she could not help swaying. This meant that her powers were far beneath the statue’s. Without Master Xin Ji blocking a good portion of Duo Ercha’s attacks, she would already have been crushed by his savage statue.

Most importantly, Duo Ercha’s every attack was accompanied by a fierce wind. The wind disrupted Xin Ji’s and Jiang Zhiwei’s vision and hearing, giving them no advantage at all against the solo Duo Ercha.

Xin Ji’s face became abruptly red. It seemed that he was no longer able to conceal his internal injuries. With a sigh, his Buddha beads were scattered one by one, each turning into an illusory Buddha statue.

“Nothing that appears actually shows its true colors; all humans are Buddha in their true colors.”

The illusory statues started reciting Buddhist scriptures, which suppressed the growling thunder, covered the whistling wind, and seemed to create a clean atmosphere.

Xin Ji’s right palm had turned completely golden as if cast in gold. With a gentle push of his palm, he pierced the one-legged bronze statue.

Duo Ercha’s expression became stricken for the first time. He discarded the statue and punched Xin Ji with a fist.

“Paa!”

A lightning bolt descended from the sky and wrapped around his fist.

Xin Ji’s Exterior was truly beyond the top level of ordinary Kung Fu, almost reaching the immortal level… Meng Qi was shocked. But when he thought about someday reaching the same level, his shock turned into a fierce eagerness.

The dark clouds dissipated, the storm subsided, and the rain stopped. Time seemed to have ceased because of the confrontation between the palm and the fist. Only the lightning thundered overhead.

A dragon-like gale roared in all directions. Xin Ji spewed blood and his palm burned black. He was hurled backward. Duo Ercha turned pale and took two steps back.

At this time, a sword flashed a light from the blue sky and disappeared without a trace. It was wonderful beyond words.

“Anatta Sword… ” Meng Qi said in a trance. Including the Iron Vest Army, everyone was stunned by the light.

Such swordsmanship belonged to the Dharmakaya and involved all the laws of the world. Even if Jiang Zhiwei could only use a small portion of it and failed to put out its full use, she had created an earthshaking power.

When it came to skills of this level, postures and paces were non-issues. The key was the Tao and the truth!

Because of this, only people with exceptional talent like Jiang Zhiwei could easily learn some superficial knowledge and put it into practice.

“Ah!” Duo Ercha screamed with the voice like muffled thunder.

With his shriek, the wind rose from the ground and surrounded Duo Ercha. His hand holding the Sword of the Sun-Penetrating Rainbow was bloodied. But he was standing motionless like a stone because the sword had been inserted into his eyes. There was no way for him to retreat.

“Damn it!” He brandished his right palm and hit the side of the Sword of the Sun-Penetrating Rainbow. The sword suddenly bent, covered with cracks, and popped out of his eye sockets.

Jiang Zhiwei’s purlicue cracked, but she kept a firm hold onto her sword. Blood spilled from her mouth and her face turned pale, revealing that she had suffered serious injuries.

Blood mixed with other strange liquids leaked from Duo Ercha’s dark red eyes, making him look like a madman. He took a step forward, about to deal Jiang Zhiwei a blow of death with his powerful palm.

Though the “Anatta Sword ” was impressive, Jiang Zhiwei’s knowledge of its swordsmanship was superficial. Thus, she was unable to counterattack Duo Ercha, who was far superior.

All of a sudden, another sword light appeared. It was misty without leaving a trace, just like the hazy stars in the night. It still carried with it an awe-inspiring murderous momentum. Who was it? It was none other than Zhang Yuanshan, who had been waiting for his chance.

With another odd shriek, Duo Ercha was stabbed below his rib by “Shadowing the Heaven and Shrouding the Earth”. Unwilling to be defeated, he brandished his long sleeve to counterattack and hurled Zhang Yuanshan into the air.

Zhang Yuanshan vomited blood, his chest caving in. He struggled to even stand up and seemed to have lost all his fighting power.

Duo Ercha despised Jiang Zhiwei and was eager to tear her to pieces. But before he could attack her, he noticed Master Xin Ji returning with his palms glittering with holy light like a Buddha.

“Humph!” Considering his current injuries, Duo Ercha turned and left without hesitation, with his soldiers receding behind him.

“His injuries aren’t too heavy. He’ll certainly come back later. You should all disperse soon.” Xin Ji said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37: The Righteous Meng Qi
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Just disperse and leave? What a joke!” Meng Qi cursed to himself and went to the front indignantly. “Your Abbotship, do you think that we’re cowards afraid of death?”

“Amitabha. That’s not what I mean. You’re all wounded…” Xin Ji was still urging them to leave, but he could not explicitly tell them that the Shaolin Temple had decided to surrender this land and that defense would be useless. Otherwise, Duo Ercha would soon find out and intrude the palace despite his wounds, leaving no time for the monks to evacuate.

“Your Abbotship, are you rejecting us injured ones for being useless?” Meng Qi looked even more indignant as he skillfully distorted the meaning of Xin Ji’s words.

The Chief Elders of the Shaolin Temple stepped closer to Xin Ji, worried that Meng Qi and the others would suddenly attack him.

The monks who walked on the path of righteousness in the Martial Artists Community naturally would not explicitly agree with Meng Qi. They struggled to say something, but ultimately no one replied.

“I’ve been severely wounded. The same is true for Donors Jiang and Zhang. But the enemy is barely weakened. Our hope to win this war is waning. You donors are not our disciples, so why squander your lives defending the Shaolin Temple? It’s not worth dying with us wretched monks. Even among our disciples, few have such resolve because there’s really no point in doing so. I’m afraid only those who will die anyway are willing to part with their rotten skins, like myself.

“Why don’t you donors retain your precious bodies for future use?”

Xin Ji stopped short of telling them that only he would stay to safeguard the Shaolin Temple and that the others would likely flee. Who were these mad strangers? What were they doing, trying to play hero?

Meng Qi stepped forward and pressed his palms together, solemnly professing Buddha’s name. “Amitabha. Some deaths are as trivial as feathers, but some are as grave as Mount Tai. The day has come for us to sacrifice ourselves for justice!”

Including Xin Ji, the monks were all dumbfounded. They had never seen a person so determined to sacrifice his own life to save others!

And more importantly, they did not want him to save them at all!

When Meng Qi was done, he thought that putting “Amitabha” before those zealous and selfless words seemed a little preposterous. He quickly comforted himself that it was a trend these days to speak mismatched phrases!

Seeing the stunned look on the monks’ faces, Meng Qi raised his head and put on an air of gallantry, dignity, and righteousness. “This isn’t about whether or not we should save the Shaolin Temple, but a demonstration to the world that there are still people willing to risk their lives for justice!”

Jiang Zhiwei covered her mouth with her hand, trying hard to suppress her laughter. Her pale face was tinted pink due to her struggle. Qi Zhengyan grimaced, feeling fortunate he was not close to Meng Qi…

Pausing for a long moment, Xin Ji glanced at Zhang Yuanshan, who had hastily taken elixir and was now sitting and stabilizing his wounds, and the wretched Jiang Zhiwei, whose robe was fluttering in the wind. He sighed. “Donors Zhang and Jiang are deeply wounded. If they go down the mountain, it’ll be difficult for them to escape the siege of the Iron Vest Army. Best let them bide their time here in the temple. De Kong, hurry and fetch some Small Recovery Pills for our donors.

“Donors, after you enter the temple, please help us guard the back mountain in case the Barbarian assassins climb up the cliff and invade.”

He arranged for Meng Qi and the rest to be in a secluded area of the temple and also away from the secret passage.

“Thank you, Your Abbotship.” Meng Qi quietly sighed with relief. This was the most ideal turn of events that he could think of!

…

“Abbot, is that little monk some kind of moron?” Xin Chan grumbled as they returned to Great Buddha’s Hall. “Why did you allow them to stay?”

As Xin Ji was about to speak, his face suddenly turned as pale as snow, like gilded paper. After more changes in his expression, he finally brought his emotions under control. But he looked like he had aged 20 years in an instant.

“Master, are you okay?” his disciples asked with concern.

“I’m not dead yet,” Xin Ji said placidly. “Luckily, we scared Duo Ercha away and gained some respite.” His wounds seemed to have worsened.

He turned to look at Xin Chan. “Donors Jiang and Zhang have indeed fought hard against Duo Ercha. They’re not spies. I see that they’ve quite the strong determination to stay. If we send them away, they’d probably guard the pass with readiness to die. That’s why I let them guard the back mountain, to reciprocate their beneficence and end the karma.

“There’s nothing important other than a stupa in the back mountain. They won’t have to worry about Duo Ercha’s men attacking. After the disciples escape through the secret tunnel, we’ll tell them the truth and let them use the tunnel as well. Given the situation in the back mountain, they’ll be able to hold out for a while if Duo Ercha is early. When they see it’s too late to overturn the situation, they probably won’t defend any longer…”

Xin Ji did not seem too confident, for Meng Qi’s impassioned appeal for justice earlier had left him with a deep impression.

Xin Chan’s face grew grim. “I doubt that idiot would do so. Your Abbotship, the scriptures, medicine, and other important articles have been packed up. Should we arrange for the disciples to leave now?”

“Yes.” Xin Ji nodded and turned his gaze to the Golden Body of the Buddharupa, his expression becoming serene.

…

“We finally made it to the temple.” On the way to the back mountain, Meng Qi signed and complained. “Fortunately, I’m a pretty good actor.”

Jiang Zhiwei walked very slowly, but her face showed no confusion or sadness. She gently smiled and said, “I wonder what Master Xin Ji and those monks think of you, little monk.”

“An idiotic kid could find amusement in everything…” Meng Qi mentally mocked himself. If not for their pressing task, would he willingly do so?

He put on an air of integrity. “They must be touched by my chivalry and courage, just short of worshipping me as a hero.”

“Either way, when I saw you wearing your serious and impassioned face and saying those awkward words, I, I so wanted to laugh…” Jiang Zhiwei could no longer hold it in and she burst out laughing. But she stopped abruptly with anguish on her face.

“Lady Jiang, how are your wounds?” Meng Qi asked, worried.

Jiang Zhiwei breathed heavily for a moment. “Even after I opened my Four Apertures, it was not easy to use the Anatta Sword. After using it, I may not be completely drained, but I’m still left with less than a third of my power. Then I was hit by Duo Ercha’s turbulence and less than a tenth of my power remained. Within half a day, I’ll probably have to rely on my sword art to fight the Iron Vest Army.”

Her descriptions were very detailed, as tactical issues could arise when attacked by enemies if her partners were to misjudge her strength.

“What about Senior Brother Zhang?” Qi Zhengyan looked at Zhang Yuanshan, whose chest was a little dented.

Zhang Yuanshan gave a wry smile. “Fortunately, I have medicine with me and my recovery is aided with the Small Recovery Pills from the Shaolin Temple, otherwise, I doubt that I could even walk. But too bad it’ll deplete my strength even if I’m just fighting the Iron Vest Army.”

Wang Jin had been following them, but had not spoken. His gaze scanned the halls in the temple and the roads they passed by in suspicion.

As he walked, Meng Qi was abruptly stunned. He realized this back mountain was identical to his own. Even the stupa was exactly the same!

“No way. It could not be this similar…” Meng Qi felt a sudden burst of fear.

“The same?” Jiang Zhiwei noticed Meng Qi’s abnormal reaction.

Meng Qi nodded and said grimly, “Though I’ve only been to the back mountain once, it’s exactly the same as this place.”

“Could there also be suppressed demons and ghosts here?

“Eh… That doesn’t seem likely. Considering the level of strength in this world, demons and ghosts would have dominated everyone if they existed…”

They kept their voices low, in case the acolyte leading them overheard.

After walking for a while, the acolyte stopped and solemnly put his palms together. “Honorable donors, please stay and guard here. Beyond this road lies the stupa of the back mountain. Outsiders are forbidden from entering.”

Meng Qi felt a sense of deja vu. The place they stopped at was exactly the place that he had defended just days before!

Two opposing cliffs formed a narrow path through the looming dense forests in front.

“Is it a coincidence or is there a hidden connection…” Meng Qi no longer needed to see to know that he could reach the precipice in just a few steps despite the seemingly endless trees on both sides.

He was both surprised and suspicious. As he made his own plans, the others listened to the acolyte describing the terrain of the area, allowing them a chance to withdraw in the end.

The acolyte seemed to have received instructions from his superior. He described the landscape as detailed as possible.

“Oh, did he not mention the secret passage? Maybe I’m thinking too much. There are no demons or ghosts in this world, so what could gouge out that pass? After all, the Shaolin Temples of the two worlds are different. We’re in Mount Shaohua, not Mount Liantai…” As Meng Qi listened to the acolyte, a vivid picture in which Zhen Guan came out of the secret passage came to mind.

“Brother Qi, little monk, we’re relying on you this time.” After the acolyte left, Jiang Zhiwei took out a thumb-sized mutton-fat nephrite bottle and shook out a glowing red pellet. She devoured it with the Small Recovery Pill. She began meditating, harmonizing her Qi, and healing her wounds.

Zhang Yuanshan’s injuries were even worse. Without worrying about Wang Jin beside him, he sat down as well and started harmonizing his breath and blood.

Having silently watched them for a long moment, Wang Jin glanced at the vigilant Meng Qi. He was seated with his eyes closed, seemingly also in meditation.

Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan took turns on watch duty. After about an hour, a flurry of noise came from afar.

“Is Duo Ercha back?” Meng Qi looked toward the temple. As expected, he saw thick, dark clouds gathering over there, where some parts were lit on fire and smoke was billowing.

He subconsciously clenched his blade hilt, waiting for the start of the final battle.

Wang Jin stood up. Without saying anything to the rest, he ran directly toward the Shaolin Temple.

“What’s he planning to do?” Meng Qi asked in confusion.

Qi Zhengyan had a poker face on. “Don’t mind him. He’ll be a thorn in our backs if he stays anyway.”

Wang Jin advanced as fast as a sprinting horse, a little excited. He was low-born and was imparted with only mediocre Kung Fu. It had not been easy for him to enlighten the Apertures and be regarded as a Kung Fu expert. But he badly needed Kung Fu scriptures to reach the next level. Thus, the World of Samsara was an opportunity for him. Even this moment now was an opportunity!

Though this Shaolin Temple was much weaker than the real one, their Kung Fu was one step closer to the Exterior, as seen in Abbot Xin Ji. This world had no lack of methods to concentrate acupoints and open the Nine Innate Apertures.

Now that the Shaolin Temple was gripped with chaos, he could capture a president or an elder and interrogate them about the location of the scriptures. No one would notice. They would just think those men were killed by Duo Ercha’s people.

Anyhow, the task only called for him to safeguard the temple until the last minute. No one said anything about not hurting the Shaolin monks!

“Maybe he wants to take advantage of the chaos to get some benefit…” Meng Qi inferred as he looked at the back of Wang Jin.

From the woods beside, a sudden burst of silver rays flared at an unimaginable speed, directly hitting Wang Jin.

With a sound resembling rain splattering upon banana leaves, Wang Jin found his body spouting blood everywhere. He then fell to the ground, facing the sky with a somewhat relieved expression.

“You’ve wasted my Pearfower Storm Needles… But the Grand General told me to spare no one. How dare you all blind the General’s eye!” A young man with titled brows and starry eyes came out of the forest. With a smile, he threw the black tube in his hand to the ground and cupped his fist politely. “I’m Tang Shun, nicknamed the Cosmos Juggler. I’m here to send you off to Siddhartha Gautama in West Heaven. Namo Amitabha.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38: The Cosmos Juggler
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Immediately after he finished speaking, Tang Shun charged at Qi Zhengyan and Meng Qi like a furious bull.

Though his Kung Fu was the weakest among the four master pros, Tang Shun was still a strong enlightenment period master. Qi Zhengyan could not afford to be careless. With his sword, he drew an arc like the rise and fall of the sun’s orbit with his sword as a defense. He partnered with Meng Qi to brace for the oncoming attack. Together they bided their time until Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan could recover and join the fight.

Qi Zhengyan did not lack experience in fighting masters who had enlightened the Apertures—whether through sparring or during the King’s Hiding Castle task, there were Eye Apertured experts. He was therefore confident in his Long River Sword Art. Even if he lost, he knew that he could bide for time, especially now that he had learned some of the 13 Moves of Infinitely Changing Mist. With these skills incorporated into his swordsmanship, he might even be able to injure Tang Sun and deplete his strength.

That way, there was still hope even if Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan could only fight at a fraction of their strength. With Qi Zhengyan’s swordsmanship and their strength in numbers, they might be able to defeat Tang Shun. They could at least hold him off until the completion of the main task.

Meng Qi was able to predict Qi Zhengyan’s intentions. He started the Eight Divine Steps, stepping aside and striking with his sword in harmony with Qi Zhengyan.

As Qi Zhengyan and Meng Qi began their combined attack, Tang Shun unexpectedly moved toward the oncoming blade.

“Oh, no!”

Tang Shun could tell his abnormal move had startled Qi Zhengyan. Taking advantage of the split-second confusion, he gave Qi Zhengyan no time to retrieve his sword and change into defense. Qi Zhengyan could only turn sideways and protect himself by straining his abdomen and chest.

A dull sound came from his sword as Meng Qi’s attack was rendered useless by Tang Shun’s surprising advancement. His sword slid across Tang Shun’s back, cutting his robe and leaving a white scratch on his dark skin.

With a sharp slam from his palms, Tang Shun landed a heavy blow on Qi Zhengyan and sent him and his sword flying. Blood sputtered from Qi Zhengyan’s mouth as he fell hard on the ground.

Thwart Kung Fu?

The consummate Iron Shirt?

Meng Qi stepped back and dodged left, trying to avoid Tang Shun’s subsequent attack. His heart pounded erratically inside his chest.

Until now, he had relied on the Iron Shirt to defeat his enemies, trading minor injuries for major victories. But he was now facing an Iron Shirt attack stronger than his own and a frightening opponent more skilled than himself.

Jiang Zhiwei’s and Zhang Yuanshan’s faces flushed red as they forced themselves up, cutting short their recovery time. They grabbed their swords and joined the fight.

After falling on the ground, Qi Zhengyan struggled for some time before forcibly standing up. Though he managed to avoid the full force of Tang Shun’s blow, the ferocious attack still injured him.

Left, right, forward, backward. When it came to facing a fearsome opponent like Tang Shun, Meng Qi could only rely on the Eight Divine Steps and survive by dodging in all directions.

Tang Shun was far more skilled than Meng Qi. Otherwise, Meng Qi would have used the same strategy he used against Zhen Miao.

Despite Meng Qi’s unpredictable movements, Tang Shun was slowly closing the space between them. He would be unable to avoid him before long.

“Lady Jiang and Senior Brother Zhang are almost here…” Meng Qi said through clenched teeth. With all his energy focused on avoiding the attack, his understanding of the Eight Divine Steps seemed to have deepened a little more.

“Ha!” Tang Shun simultaneously exhaled and let out a loud sound, like the sound of a gong and a drum.

At once, Meng Qi heard a ringing in his ears and felt dizzy. His vision blurred and his legs went weak, slowing down his steps.

“Thud!” Tang Shun saw his opportunity and attacked, imprinting his fist on Meng Qi’s back.

Meng Qi’s vision blackened and his back went numb. The blow from Tang Shun sent him flying through the air as a cracking sound came from his body. Blood spewed from his mouth.

An intense pain brought Meng Qi back to his senses. He found himself lying on the floor and saw Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan fighting Tang Shun.

Resisting the urge to faint, Meng Qi re-harmonized his Qi circulation. A thick Shaolin inner force gushed through his body, healing and stabilizing his injuries.

“No serious injuries…” Meng Qi examined himself. “But the Iron Shirt is destroyed…”

Thanks to Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan’s side-attack, Tang Shun was unable to put his full force into his blow on Meng Qi. Additionally, his Iron Shirt offered him some protection so Meng Qi only suffered minor injuries, allowing him to still retain a primary level of Qi cultivation.

But without the Iron Shirt, Meng Qi’s strength was significantly reduced!

…

The sound of the wooden knocker reverberated in Great Buddha’s Hall, creating a deeply solemn atmosphere.

Xin Ji sat cross-legged in front of the Golden Body of the Buddharupa, hitting the old wooden knocker without expression. He did not look like someone about to face an attack, but rather someone going about his daily routine.

“Monk Xin Ji, you have truly achieved some Zen.” Thick clouds hung over the dark sky outside. Lightning flashed and rain poured. A man stepped through the curtain of water pouring off the roof and entered Great Buddha’s Hall. It was General Duo Ercha!

He wore the black robe of the Barbarians. His left eye that Jiang Zhiwei had blinded was open, revealing a frightening and angry empty socket.

Xin Ji put down the wooden knocker. “It’s a shame that I can’t convince you to put down the slaughtering knife.”

“I will become a Buddha after I have slaughtered everyone!” Duo Ercha scoffed.

A gust of wind swept through the hall and extinguished the candles inside.

Xin Ji was not startled. He picked up the wooden knocker again and solemnly started his recitation.

“Buddha’s relics have no character; they’re neither created nor destroyed…”

A glassy Buddha Aura glowed in his left palm as he continued.

“They’re neither defiled nor pure, neither increasing nor diminishing…”

Buddha Aura emanated from Xin Ji, giving him the appearance of a Buddha. With the Golden Body of the Buddharupa behind him, it gave an indescribable scene where one was small and the other large; one was elusive and the other concrete; one in motion and the other still.

Duo Ercha’s expression became solemn. “I’m surprised you’re willing to give up so many Buddha relics.”

He punched out his right palm, creating a gust of wind like a dragon just as a bolt of lightning struck the roof of the temple.

“… there is no suffering, no accumulation, no extinction, no path, no understanding, and no attainment.” With intense anger in his eyes, Xin Ji opened his left palm to reveal the glowing Buddha Aura.

…

Meng Qi sprang to his feet and looked around for his Buddhist Commandment Blade while intently watching Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan’s battle. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Qi Zhengyan pick up his own sword and stand hesitantly.

Zhang Yuanshan used Tai Ji defense while Jiang Zhiwei attacked with her skillful swords art. Together, they were able to hold off Tang Shun for the time being.

Each time Tang Shun broke through Zhang Yuanshan’s defense, Jiang Zhiwei’s Sword of the Sun-Penetrating Rainbow would seek out his weak points, forcing him to let up his attack and turn to defense. This allowed Zhang Yuanshan to catch his breath.

Tang Shun could not first focus on Jiang Zhiwei though, as he still could not break through Zhang Yuanshan’s defense.

Meng Qi was relieved to see how things were unfolding. With his and Qi Zhengyan’s help, Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan could likely hold off Tang Shun until the task was completed.

Just as Meng Qi found his Buddhist Commandment Blade and was about to join the fight, Zhang Yuanshan began trembling. His sword slowed down.

“No! He can no longer suppress his injuries!”

Just as this thought crossed Meng Qi’s mind, Tang Shun seized the opportunity to knock Zhang Yuanshan’s sword away. With his left leg, Tang Shun kicked him in the ribs and sent him flying.

The sound of Zhang Yuanshan’s ribs cracking could be heard clearly as he landed on the ground with blood spewing. He wanted to stand, but could not. He was close to death.

Without Zhang Yuanshan’s defense, Jiang Zhiwei was left to face Tang Shun alone. She was weakened and her injuries were slowing her down. It did not take long for Tang Shun to take advantage of this fact. He blocked her sword with his left palm and sent her flying with a blow from his right shoulder.

Jiang Zhiwei’s clothing fluttered as she flew through the air. She clenched her jaw as blood spewed from her mouth. Still, she held firmly onto her sword and braced it even as she collapsed to the ground.

“Very impressive buffering Kung Fu…” Tang Shun said in admiration. He expected his blow to kill Jiang Zhiwei, not merely injure her. “Shame on me. I can’t even defeat a child…”

He looked around at his injured opponents. Pleased with himself, he laughed heartily. “Your Kung Fu is pretty good. You’ve all been taught well. How about you teach me some of what you know and I’ll let you die a little less painfully?”

He turned to Jiang Zhiwei. “You’re such a beautiful young woman. Had the General not commanded me to kill you, I might have pitied you. Hehe, I love women skilled in Kung Fu with a strong sense of justice. If I take you to my bed, I wonder if you’d beg for mercy…”

Jiang Zhiwei was furious, but could not speak in her injured state. She could only gasp for air.

Tang Shun walked toward Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan as he spoke, with Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan at his side. He planned to intimidate them with their imposing deaths and extract their Divine Skills.

He had a technique for extracting information, but Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan were so close to death he was afraid his technique would end them before he could get any answers.

“What are you looking at, little monk? You’re weak and possess little skill… I’ll kill you first.” Tang Shun decided to set an example and selected the person with the lowest potential for valuable information.

Curses spewed from Meng Qi’s lips, but he was calm and collected inside as he thought of how he would face the oncoming threat.

Though he knew the odds were stacked against him, he did not give up. Rather, he clung onto the thin thread of hope for survival.

“I’ll use the Eight Divine Steps and dart over there… attack him in his critical area…”Meng Qi watched as Tang Shun approached him step by step and prepared for his last stand.

“If I don’t fight, I’m doomed to die. I might as well give it everything I’ve got!”

Tang Shun chuckled as he approached Meng Qi, but he was focused on Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan, waiting for them to surrender.

“Would you rather I cut off your left hand or your right leg first, little monk? Or would you rather become a eunuch?” Tang Shun laughed out loud.

He froze just as he finished speaking. A white light radiated from Qi Zhengyan’s palm and grew brighter and hotter, illuminating everyone present and flying at Tang Shun, who had no time to defend himself.

Tang Shun roared and the sound of tearing cloth resonated. Another white beam radiated from Qi Zhengyan’s palm, this one even brighter and stronger than the previous one. It flew at Tang Shun, tearing a hole through his palm that was raised in defense, and landed squarely on his chest.

“Double-Killing Dart?” Meng Qi was familiar with this weapon, but he had only read about it in books as a child. It was a concealed weapon that had left a deep impression on him.

But he had no time to dwell on that. He could now put the attack he had planned moments before into reality. He darted toward Tang Shun and rolled in front of him. With an upward stab, he drove his sword into Tang Shun’s stomach through his crotch.

Meng Qi gave his sword a sharp turn and Tang Shun’s hot blood gushed out, pouring down on his head.

He let go of his sword and rolled away to avoid Tang Shun’s final dying attack.

Tang Shun’s scream echoed through the mountains, like a wolf howling at the moon or a ghost crying at a grave.

Tang Shun’s scream gradually subsided as he dropped to the ground, eyes wide open, a dart stuck in his chest, and his lower body a bloody mess.

Qi Zhengyan could not stand upright after using the Double-Killing Dart. He kneeled on the ground, gasping for air.

“When did he get the Double-Killing Dart? Where did he get the Karma points?”Meng Qi wiped the blood off his face. “Did he exchange his Huanhua Sword Sect techniques for it?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39: Unexpected Fortune
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The dirty blood on the ground formed bloody characters that read:

“Side task one: 80 Karma points are awarded to Qi Zhengyan, 50 to Zhen Ding, 20 to Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan respectively for killing the Cosmos Juggler, one of the four Preternatural Master Pros from the rival camp.”

Meng Qi was entirely relieved when he saw the task completion prompt. He habitually walked over to Tang Shun’s body with his sword in hand, poking at him to make sure that he was dead.

“Looks like the points awarded for the tasks depend on the strength of both parties…” Meng Qi casually told Qi Zhengyan. He then walked briskly over to Jiang Zhiwei and said earnestly, “Lady Jiang, do you still have any healing elixir left?”

Last time, the award for killing Hundred Face Bookster in Great Buddha’s Hall was relatively small, because Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan were in good condition and their strength surpassed that of their enemy. But this time, not only did they lose over 70% of their strength, their harmonizing of Qi-circulation was also interrupted, leading to unstable conditions of their injuries. There was also a great gap in power between Tang Shun and them, so more Karma points were awarded.

Jiang Zhiwei had difficulty speaking, so she only gave a slight nod and pointed at her waist with her hand.

Meng Qi reached over and felt a bottle-like item. It was the thumb-sized white mutton-fat nephrite. Once it was opened, it would emit a pleasant fragrance, where the dark red elixir silently sat inside.

Meng Qi poured it out and fed it into Jiang Zhiwei’s mouth, watching her struggling to swallow it. She then sat cross-legged, closed her eyes, and began meditating.

Without any delay, Meng Qi ran over to Zhang Yuanshan and asked if he had any healing elixir.

Zhang Yuanshan was worse off than Jiang Zhiwei. He had dull eyes and was breathing weakly. It took him a long time to open his mouth and he squeezed out the words in a hoarse voice: “Ch-chest…”

Meng Qi fumbled around Zhang Yuanshan’s chest for a while and finally found a white jade bottle with five or six dark elixirs inside. The fragrance was so refreshing that it smelled like green bamboo after the rain.

Having swallowed his own elixir, Qi Zhengyan recovered slightly and staggered over to Meng Qi. He watched as Meng Qi fed Zhang Yuanshan the elixir.

“We could’ve gotten greater awards if we didn’t use the Double-Killing Dart when we killed Tang Shun,” said Qi Zhengyan, responding to Meng Qi’s question. He crouched down to deal with Zhang Yuanshan’s broken ribs skillfully. When he was done, he carefully lifted Zhang Yuanshan up and helped him with his posture for meditation and harmonizing Qi-circulation.

Meng Qi watched them enviously, lamenting the fact that he had just crossed the threshold of Kung Fu and did not yet have the opportunity to learn how to handle injuries.

Qi Zhengyan took a breath and seemed to be speaking to himself. “You must be very curious why I have the Double-Killing Dart. Oh, you might not even know what it is.

“When Lady Qi exchanged her script of miscellaneous knowledge, it gave me a hint. I secretly exchanged my Kung Fu, Long River Sword Art and Setting Sun Cultivation Method, with Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms for 150 Karma points. I initially planned to get the Heavenly Acumen Pill, but if you haven’t condensed your last Aperture acupoint within a month, you still won’t be able to break through even with the pill. During my second entrance, I thought over how you mentioned exchanging concealed weapons and poison for self-protection. So, I decided to get a secret weapon of my own.

“The Tangs’s Dart that Lady Qi exchanged was pretty satisfactory for my needs, but the points required for its finished product is way too high. Besides, I don’t have the time to study it. After that, I had my eyes on Grieving Wind Softener, but its use is subject to a specific environment and techniques. It’s also pricey, 200 Karma points for a tiny bottle plus antidote.

“Through careful selection, I finally picked the Double-Killing Dart. It costs me 130 Karma points and can even kill Enlightened Master Pros. But I didn’t think I would actually use it. Were you surprised, Junior Brother Zhen Ding?”

Meng Qi looked at the chattering Qi Zhengyan and the corner of his mouth twitched. “Senior Brother Qi, that wasn’t what surprised me.”

“Ah? Then what was it? You know, the Double-Killing Dart isn’t as easy to handle as it looks. Only Enlightened Master Pros are supposed to use it, but with special methods, people with the advanced success of Qi-cultivation could manage it. But they’d be risking severe damage to themselves…” Qi Zhengyan was momentarily dazed before he began explaining about the dart in detail.

He did not try to hide the fact about being badly countercharged. Only the blind would not be able to see it.

Meng Qi laughed out loud. “Senior Brother Qi, what surprised me was how you have seemingly become another person after getting hurt. You aren’t as reserved, but rather talkative like an old woman.”

As for the Double-Killing Dart, he had already guessed it anyway!

Qi Zhengyan quietly turned around and watched Zhang Yuanshan heal himself. He sat down cross-legged as well, trying to recover a little of his power.

A moment later, Zhang Yuanshan’s shallow breathing had become distinct. Meng Qi finally relaxed now that he was out of danger. On the other side, Jiang Zhiwei’s pale face had regained some color.

Zhang Yuanshan was basically in stable condition now. He slowly opened his eyes and pointed at his white jade bottle. “You take one of the Curing Bolus too.”

Worried of further burdening his body, he tried to be curt.

Meng Qi did not initially care about the elixir as his injuries were slight and the elixir could not help him recover his Iron Shirt. But since Zhang Yuanshan offered, he took one and swallowed it without hesitation.

A breath of refreshing air filled Meng Qi’s chest and abdomen, offsetting his inner force.

His mind became abruptly clear and he recalled something. He rushed near Wang Jin’s corpse and picked up the black cylinder lying nearby.

“This is a Pearflower Storm Needle! A concealed weapon pricier than the Tangs’s Dart!” Meng Qi could hardly suppress his excitement and admired it over and over again, feeling the construction of the weapon with his fingers.

Though the weapon was useless without silver needles in it, it was still worth a fortune. All he had to do was exchange for the needles with Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms.

On the Exchange List, a one-time-use Pearflower Storm Needle was worth 400 Karma points. And this one ought to be good for two or three uses!

Meng Qi estimated he needed no more than 100 Karma points to replace the silver needles. But he was not sure as he did not pay close attention to their price before.

Meng Qi, who had always been in distressed circumstances, felt like he was finally about to gain a fortune.

…

Collapsed walls and ruins scattered about Great Buddha’s Hall, the pile of beams was burning furiously. When the burning pile met the heavy rainfall, white smoke would occasionally trail in the air.

The sky was pitch dark and the lightning had ceased, making the place look like it was the netherworld.

Two shadows ran toward the back mountain as fast as flying birds, one chasing after the other.

The shadow in the lead stooped, the Buddha Aura flickering about. As for the other one, a tornado swirled around the shadow behind with the Skyscraping Devil momentum.

A small pagoda coated in colored glaze overlooked the highest cliff of the back mountain, exuding a peaceful and solemn air under the starlight.

The gathering clouds overshadowed the starlight and dimmed the glaze of the pagoda. Xin Ji abruptly stopped when he reached it. He sat cross-legged in front of the pagoda with a faint smile on his face.

“Did you finally realize that you can’t possibly get away?” Duo Ercha asked. The clothes covering the left side of his chest were ripped off, revealing a distinct handprint as if cast in gold.

At the same spot on Xin Ji’s body was a wound resulting from a fist penetrating his flesh.

…

Meng Qi tucked the compact Pearflower Storm Needle cylinder into his chest and walked over to Wang Jin’s body. He planned on pulling out all the deep blue needles to see if he could save some Karma points.

His vision abruptly went dark, as clouds begin covering the sky overhead.

Dark clouds gathered and the wind blew stronger.

“Duo Ercha has come to the back mountain?” A frightened Meng Qi ran back to where the rest were meditating and harmonizing their Qi-circulation. He left the needles as they were.

Just as he was about to say something, he noticed the Colored Glaze Pagoda had become gloriously radiant. “Duo Ercha must have chased after Master Xin Ji there. Let’s hide in case he decides to kill us after attacking Master Xin Ji.”

After all, Duo Ercha’s blind left eye was Jiang Zhiwei’s doing. He must have been harboring bitter hatred for her and would not hesitate to kill the rest of them as well.

Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan, at a critical moment of their harmonization of Qi-circulation, strained to nod along to Meng Qi’s suggestion and put him in charge.

Even if they had continued, they had no strength to move at all. So it did not matter whether or not they interrupted their healing process.

Despite being countercharged, Qi Zhengyan still maintained his basic strength. After interrupting his harmonization of Qi-circulation, his face flushed and he simply asked, “Where do we hide?”

Meng Qi looked at the woods on both sides and pointed to the right one, which he was familiar with. “In the woods.”

“Going by Duo Ercha’s level, the woods won’t hold him back for long,” Qi Zhengyan said hesitantly.

Meng Qi resolutely said, “When Master Xin Ji dies, the Shaolin Temple will collapse. We will have completed our main task by then. All we need to do is to avoid Duo Ercha for a moment and we can all return to Samsara Space.”

He now regretted his lack of knowledge about concealed weapons. Otherwise, he could pull out those needles, put them back into the Pearflower Storm Needle cylinder, and keep them as a weapon.

But those needles would become less lethal once used. That would pose less of a threat to Duo Ercha.

In such an emergency situation, Qi Zhengyan did not dare to say much and chose to believe in the Shaolin monk, Zhen Ding. He turned around and hauled Zhang Yuanshan onto his back. With Meng Qi carrying Jiang Zhiwei, they ran into the woods together.

After running for some distance, Meng Qi suddenly came to a stop. Stunned, he stared ahead where a red megalith stood in a familiar spot.

“It really exists?

“Can there also be a secret passage in this place?”

Meng Qi was seized by fright and astonishment.

“Boom!”

Lightning struck, thunder roared, and rain came pouring down.

“Duo Ercha…” Meng Qi went silent for a moment and it suddenly hit him that the secret passage might hide them from Duo Ercha’s search. Besides, there should not be any demons and ghosts in this world, so the risks were low.

“This is where we’re gonna hide?” Qi Zhengyan looked at Meng Qi. “If I had known this earlier, I would’ve prepared more concealed weapons and poison. They’re quite useful when our strength is weak…”

Meng Qi did not respond to the chatty Qi Zhengyan. He took a few steps toward the megalith with Jiang Zhiwei on his back and studied it as Zhen Guan would have done.

“There really is a secret mechanism? !” Meng Qi suddenly felt a movable bulge.

He took a deep breath before giving it a nudge. After a light “Ka, ka, ka!” sound, an entrance slowly emerged on the cliff.

“There really is a secret passage?!” A tumultuous wave of shock rose in Meng Qi’s heart.

Qi Zhengyan looked at him and the dark entrance in great confusion, unable to understand how Meng Qi found out about the Shaolin Temple’s secret passage.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40: The Stone Room
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Under the glazed pagoda, Xin Ji’s smile was tranquil. He looked at the devil-like Duo Ercha and said serenely, “Donor, your injuries aren’t light.”

“So what? It’s more than enough to kill you!” Duo Ercha said coldly. He threw himself at Xin Ji, hurricane swirling around his fists with crackling lightning overhead. He was ferociously defiant.

Xin Ji’s smile became increasingly indifferent, his voice placid.

“All conditioned dharmas, are like a dream, like an illusion, like a bubble, like a shadow, like a dewdrop, like a lightning flash; you should contemplate them thus.”

Xin Ji’s quiet voice echoed all around. He lifted his right hand like he was holding a flower.

The Colored Glaze Pagoda behind him was glittering. Beams of Buddha light spread out, with the sounds of Zen music barely discernible.

“All conditioned dharmas, are like a dream, like an illusion, like a bubble, like a shadow, like a dewdrop, like a lightning flash; you should contemplate them thus.”

The Buddha light twinkled as if it was light from a holy man who had achieved nirvana, like the enlightened Bodhisattva. Together, they issued a solemn and ethereal Zen sound.

Duo Ercha’s expression became stricken and, for the first time, he looked astonished. “You’re actually abandoning your body?”

“It’s just because I’ve learned a couple of things in my old age.” Xin Ji’s silhouette gradually faded, merging into the Buddha light, before finally disappearing into the universe.

“Shit!” Duo Ercha’s black robe puffed with air, a fierce hurricane swirling around him. It made him look like a human storm, surrounded by a lightning.

Xin Ji’s body had been entirely disintegrated, leaving only a faint silhouette. His right hand was extended, coiled in the flower-holding posture. His smile was pure and serene, untouched by dust.

The overhead Buddha and Bodhisattva light disappeared, concentrating on a single finger. The surrounding became silent and peaceful, with only the Zen sound still echoing.

“All conditioned dharmas, are like a dream, like an illusion, like a bubble, like a shadow, like a dewdrop, like a lightning flash; you should contemplate them thus.”

…

Accompanied by sounds of rustling, Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan entered the secret passage. They touched the inner wall for a while and eventually found the door switch.

“This time, Duo Ercha probably wouldn’t be able to find us… ” Meng Qi used nonsense words to disguise the violent emotional turbulence inside him.

Taking out a match and a firestone, Qi Zhengyan lit up the darkness.

The secret passage was large enough to fit two people. The stones overhead were uneven and the walls were crude and covered in mosses.

“This doesn’t look like it’s purely man-made. This passage should be transformed from a natural path.” After carefully observing the passage, Qi Zhengyan took quick steps and placed Zhang Yuanshan down on a flat, spacious area.

Meng Qi restrained his emotions and copied Qi Zhengyan. He chose a softer spot and put down Jiang Zhiwei. He then said, faking solemnness, “Senior Brother Qi, I’ll go ahead to explore the passage in case there are enemies hiding.”

Since even an acolyte could access the back mountain, Meng Qi believed that there were no demons and ghosts other than a stupa. Emboldened with this thought, he planned on exploring this passage. Since the topography of the temples of both worlds was so similar, the end of the secret path ought to reveal the mystery of the Shaolin secret path. Perhaps then he might reap some benefits out of it.

Besides, Meng Qi understood well about “the Infinity Genre”. After finding out about the mission evaluation system in the last Samsara, he had his guesses. Exploring the secret may just be one of the important standards in the mission evaluation.

Qi Zhengyan expressionlessly looked at Meng Qi and then took out another match. He lit it up and handed it over. “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, thanks for the trouble. I need to stay here and guard Senior Brother Zhang and Jiang Zhiwei from poisonous insects and snakes.”

Ah? Meng Qi had already prepared multiple excuses to leave Qi Zhengyan behind him. After all, there was no telling what was inside. It would be problematic if Qi Zhengyan’s greed emerged. But Qi Zhengyan was unexpectedly so thoughtful! Meng Qi did not even have to say a word and he had already offered to stay and stand guard!

“Then thanks for the trouble, Senior Brother.” Meng Qi did not think too much about it. After lighting up the match, he walked deep into the secret passage, watching out for both enemies in the darkness ahead and sneak attacks from behind.

Only when Meng Qi’s figure had disappeared at the corner and the sound of his footsteps increasingly faint, did Zhang Yuanshan open his eyes. Weakly but calmly, he said, “Junior Brother Qi, I didn’t expect you’d stay here.”

“I’ve been completely devoured earlier, significantly reducing my strength. I’m not Junior Brother Zhen Ding’s match right now.” Qi Zhengyan leaned against the wall and sat leg-crossed. He said flatly, “If I hastily follow him and discover some secrets or treasures that can only be known to one, do you want Junior Brother Zhen Ding to kill me or not? There’s greed in everyone. I don’t want to test how far Zhen Ding’s Buddhist heart goes, so I decided to stay.”

Zhang Yuanshan gave a slight nod and smiled. “You’ve truly become talkative after getting this severe wound.”

Qi Zhengyan’s face instantly darkened and he turned his head away.

Zhang Yuanshan smiled and closed his eyes again to continue his healing. Jiang Zhiwei was concentrating on herself all this while as if she was totally unconscious of the world outside her.

After walking along the secret passage for a while, Meng Qi figured out that he was already deep in the mountains.

The fire from the match flickered, dying the road ahead a dull yellow, making Meng Qi feel an unspeakable pressure. It was as if the match would be snuffed out at any time, plunging the world into darkness at any time. And the demons and ghosts would emerge from the darkness to swallow him.

After moving forward a little further, Meng Qi halted in confusion. He seemed to have reached the end of the passage. The mountain wall was shaped in a semi-circle, opening up to what seemed like the entrance to the stone room.

There were a decaying hassock, a stone bed, and a stone table.

“Is this perhaps some master’s secluded quarter?” Meng Qi made a guess. He cautiously observed his surroundings again before walking over.

When he went closer, the light from the flame illuminated the wall. On it, he vaguely saw a few lines of words.

“Oh, it’s Sanskrit.” Meng Qi was nevertheless a “top student” in the Lecture Hall, so he was no stranger to Sanskrit. Squinting. He tried hard to identify the words.

“If one doesn’t enter the world, experience the sea of bitterness, or learn discipline, how would he know the meaning of the monastic rules for Buddhists? How can he see through the illusory events? How can he illuminate Buddhism, proving the truth that existence comes from nothingness?”

Meng Qi’s understanding of Sanskrit was shallow. He struggled bitterly to comprehend the text, without being able to guarantee the accuracy of his understanding. But he certainly understood the general idea.

“These words are really quite mysterious… ” Meng Qi talked to himself. He lowered the torch towards where the signature was.

“Anan… Ananda?” Meng Qi was too astonished to close his mouth. Was this the Venerable in front of Primogenitor of Buddhism’s seat?

“Hold on.” There was even the story of him breaking his oath and leaving Buddhism!

The Sanskrit form of “Ananda” was written in serpent-like strokes, the engraving thin and forceful. The signature hid a faint sharpness and a subtle, serene Zen spirit. Attracted by the signature, Meng Qi held out his hand to touch it.

Just as his palm made contact with the wall, a chill ran through Meng Qi’s body and the light of a blade flashed before his eyes. It was like a dragon returning to the sea and a fierce tiger withdrawing to the mountain. With a clean cut, the various obstructions of life were cut off.

The blade light was so captivating that Meng Qi could not react at all. He could only watch blankly as the light above him evolved into a variety of shapes, before finally transforming into the lofty world of mortals.

The living, the old, the sick, and the dead all suffered. The light changed into boundless mysteries. Finally, they all emerged into a blade and cut off all the shackles around it!

Amidst the glow, Meng Qi vaguely saw a monk. He could not tell if the monk was old or young, good looking or ugly. He could only vaguely feel the deeply bitterness and solemnness on the monk’s face.

The light dimmed and the Sanskrit on the wall returned to dust, lightly falling down.

Meng Qi finally recovered and looked at the scene before his eyes in a daze. What had happened earlier? The transformations of the blade light and the sorrow bitterness of the mortal world were still deeply engraved in his mind.

Dust fell on the ground, coming together to form words.

“You’ve gained the spiritual impartation of ‘Ananda Oath-Breaking Swordsmanship’. You’ve learned the first blade skill of ‘Ananda Oath-Breaking Swordsmanship’, ‘Peace Quietude Split Crippled Move’.”

Meng Qi’s jaw fell open for a long moment before he closed it again. He finally understood what he had encountered. Based on Jiang Zhiwei’s words earlier, Dharmakaya and a few top techniques and moves of exterior view were passed down through spiritual impartation rather than words. Some objects could only carry spiritual heritage once, while others could carry it for years. It depended on the individual himself if he could learn from the spiritual impartation and how much he could learn. When the individual had fully mastered the techniques and moves, he himself could leave a spiritual impartation behind.

That was how Jiang Zhiwei could only comprehend a little of “Sword of Anatta”. If she turned what she knew into a script, it could at most be sold for 800 or 900 Karma points, less than a tenth of its original worth.

But Meng Qi was confused as he remembered the ‘Ananda Oath-Breaking Swordsmanship’ in the temple being something that was not passed down through spiritual impartation… As monks at Jin Gang Temple were good swordsmen, Xuan Xin especially mentioned that there was one swords style comparable to Ananda Oath-Breaking Swordsmanship. It belonged to the top exterior view, in which one could touch the rule of heaven and earth when he was fully accomplished. He also mentioned a monk from the previous generation borrowed this script and mastered the swordsmanship, thus became a master of blade.

So Meng Qi knew that this swordsmanship was passed down by script in Shaolin Temple.

Since he knew little about the stories in the temple, Meng Qi did not even know where to begin guessing. He had not had time to do it either. He closed his eyes and devoted himself to recalling what he had gained earlier, mulling over the changes of ‘the Peace Quietude Split Crippled Move’.

It took 9,000 Karma points to exchange “the Ananda Oath-Breaking Swordsmanship”. The Primary Instruction took 3,000 and each part was 1,200. If he forgot it, his loss would be massive!

Moreover, what he had gained was the impartation of Gist of Trueness. That was equivalent to the Primary Instruction of the swordsmanship, though he needed to slowly mull it over and understand it. Additionally, compared to Primary Instruction, he could directly learn the five parts of the swordsmanship through this impartation of Gist of Trueness.

Of course, it required an extremely high level of understanding and enlightenment. Meng Qi could only understand the first part of the Crippled Move when he received the impartation of Gist of Trueness.

“Why was it a Crippled Move…” Meng Qi opened his eyes, disappointed. A Crippled Move meant it could not be practiced.

If one wanted to utilize the true power of “Ananda Oath-Breaking Swordsmanship”, he had to enter the exterior view to evoke a change in the exterior world. But this was considered a trump card in his hand if he could just master it superficially. Even if it was not as strong as Jiang Zhiwei’s “Sword of Anatta”, it would be frightening enough for others.

Breathing lightly, Meng Qi temporarily put this matter aside. He kept exploring the stone room to see if there was anything else.

After circling half the stone room, he found something that looked like a stone door under the light from the flame.

There were faint traces remaining on the mountain wall, with etchings of familiar words.

“He who is loyal and kind should not enter this door.”

Reading this sentence, Meng Qi naturally put his hand on the stone door. He had meant to touch it, not opening the door.

When his hand touched the door, waves of unspeakable chill and terror rushed into Meng Qi’s heart. Broken corpses and rotten limbs, evil ghosts and Skyscraping Devil, those were all shown before his eyes.

Then a streak of light lit up the black air. It burned everything and pointed straight to Meng Qi.

Meng Qi’s face turned pale and he hastily stepped back, getting out of the stone door. What he saw gradually faded.

After gasping for a while, Meng Qi found his back was wet with cold sweat. His whole body was aching and limping, as if he was heavily injured.

How weird… Meng Qi harmonized his Qi-circulation to recover. He dared not touch the stone door anymore.

At this moment, he found a small deep hole below the stone door. Inside, there seemed to be an indescribable flame burning. A few tiny words were written next to it.

“Kill those who are unfaithful!”

Meng Qi wondered helplessly what did that meant exactly…

…

Duo Ercha quietly stood at the edge of the forest, watching the remaining traces.

His left shoulder and hand had disappeared and he could not help shivering, but nevertheless, he kept his back straight.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41: Pursuit of Narrow Gain Despite Greater Danger
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Holding up the lit match, Meng Qi carefully searched the stone room again but found nothing else. But he was content with the impartation of the Gist of Trueness of the Exterior bladesmanship. He even figured out the Cripple Move, with which he was already more than satisfied!

On his way back, Meng Qi wondered if he should share his find with the others. Under such circumstances, most would choose to keep it to themselves and use the bladesmanship as the last resort to save their lives. That was fair and he was sure they would understand as well. However, they still had to complete the Samsara task together. Letting them know would do nothing to enhance their relationship. Besides, what Meng Qi found was the impartation of the Gist of Trueness. They could not snatch it even if they want to. After all, he was the only one who could teach the Crippled Move.

But if one of them turned into a traitor in the future, the enemy would know all of his Kung Fu abilities. He would have shown his hand and had nothing left.

Upon seeing Meng Qi’s return, Qi Zhengyan who had been silent for a long time asked, “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, did you find any enemies?” Zhang Yuanshan and Jiang Zhiwei still had their eyes closed as they tried to harmonize their Qi-circulation, seemingly uninterested in their conversation.

After pondering for a moment, Meng Qi made his decision. “I didn’t see any enemies, but I found the first blade remnants of the Ananda Oath-Breaking Swordsmanship etched on the walls.”

He decided to keep the impartation of the Gist of Trueness to himself, but share a bladesmanship to gain their trust. This would build a nice foundation of trust for future Samsara tasks.

“Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship?” said Zhang Zhiwei in an astounded tone, eyes widening a little. Clearly his nonchalant attitude was an act. He was simply following the Jianghu code, whereby people do not ask about others’ finds on their missions to prevent conflict. Meng Qi’s honesty and selflessness had taken her by surprise.

Zhang Yuanshan and Qi Zhengyan too could not remain composed and looked at Meng Qi with astonishment.

“Yes. But it’s just the first blade of Crippled Moves.” When Meng Qi saw their shocked expressions, he nodded. This was exactly the effect he wanted.

“The Crippled Move doesn’t matter. I remember seeing it on the contents of the Exchange List for Completing the Crippled Move. The more complete it is, the less Karma Points are needed. The lowest is less than 10% of the original.” Jiang Zhiwei smiled. “Little monk, you didn’t have to tell us about your find. Everyone has secrets. I have them, so do Senior Zhang and Senior Qi.”

“The Crippled Move can be completed?” Meng Qi instantly became excited. His understanding of Peace Quietude Split was quite complete, which meant he probably did not have to spend a lot of Karma points on it.

This greatly improved his mood. He laughed and said, “We’ve all basically experienced life and death together and we’ll definitely be working together in the future. So if I kept the bladesmanship from you, it’ll be easy to misjudge our strength when we make our plans in the future. It’s just Crippled Move anyway.”

He explained his reasoning from both pragmatic and friendship standpoints. The point was to gain everyone’s recognition of their ‘camaraderie’.

“Little monk, there’s really no need. When it comes to estimating our strength, there’s no need to reveal your special moves if you let us know your strength and the enemies you can handle.” Jiang Zhiwei smiled brightly. Though she did not find it necessary, but Meng Qi’s honesty made her very happy. At least he considered them to be true friends who go through thick and thin together.

Meng Qi was startled. “I didn’t think I could do it that way… ”

Jiang Zhiwei laughed hysterically. Zhang Yuanshan could not hold back his laughter either and shook his head. “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, you’re lucky it’s us. If we had any cunning thoughts, you will lose all element of surprise for your Ananda Oath-Breaking Swordsmanship. You’re still too young and lack Jianghu experience.”

His gaze was warm and his smile sincere, obviously finding Meng Qi more agreeable now.

Qi Zhengyan who was rambling about his soul journey nodded at the honest Meng Qi. “Sometimes, if your comrades are aware of your killer move, they will be calmer. That gives the enemy a sense of vigilance and you will end up losing that element of surprise. So as long as your intentions are pure, we don’t mind you keeping things to yourself.”

This considered as him having made up for keeping the Double-Killing Dart to himself earlier.

Everyone seemed to have become closer after he shared this information.

“Senior Brother Qi, you’ve become a nag after getting injured,” Meng Qi joked. He changed the subject before Qi Zhengyan’s face darkened. “There’s also door embedded in the wall. The words ‘He who is loyal and kind should not enter this door’ are written on the right… ”

He told them everything he found to see if they had any clues.

…

Duo Ercha’s gaze shifted downwards. He snorted when he saw the traces of those leaving the forest in a rush. “Sure enough, they’re still wet behind the ears.”

Following the traces that were too late for Meng Qi and the rest to erase, Duo Ercha moved forward steadily and soon arrived at the giant red stone.

“Hm?” Realizing that the traces had disappeared, he cautiously looked around.

The trembling of his body had yet to cease and sweat was dripping down his forehead. Clearly he was not in the best state.

When he was certain no one was around, Duo Ercha frowned in confusion. They could neither fly or burrow. How could they just disappear?

Could it be they had discovered their traces and erased them?

Duo Ercha walked back and forth a bit, observing the traces left behind and found that the traces had disappeared behind the giant red stone. Some stopped in the front of the cliff wall.

He quietly pondered for a moment and walked behind the giant stone without expression. He extended his hand, trying to find the hidden mechanism.

Others might be fooled by this, but how could an experienced Jianghu veteran like him be fooled?

Was it not just a secret passage?

The traces they left behind were too obvious, completely unlike the actions of disciples of respected clans who were allowed to leave the mountain. They acted more like Jianghu novices!

But these novices were really far too strong…

…

“He who is loyal and kind should not enter this door… I’ve never heard of it.” Deep in contemplation, Zhang Yuanshan frowned and shook his head.

Just as he spoke those words, they heard a creaking sound and turned to look. They saw Duo Ercha, face full of scars, standing quietly outside, waiting for the secret passage door to fully open.

“How did he found out!” Meng Qi was in shock.

Qi Zhengyan was deeply shocked and blamed himself. “We forgot to clear up the traces… ”

Thunder and lightning struck overhead, with a surging storm. He and Meng Qi had been busy trying to find a hiding place. Since they had never experienced something like this, they forgot to get rid of any traces.

Meng Qi’s heart sank when he heard what Qi Zhengyan said. This was this their own doing?

No, they must not give up!

Meng Qi threw himself at the door before the entrance fully opened, trying to twist the mechanism and close it. He watched Duo Ercha closely, thinking what he should do if he cannot stop him.

“He lost his left hand, arm and shoulder. His white bones are poking out and his body is trembling. He must be badly hurt, so there must not be much of his strength left… ” Meng Qi touched the mechanism, already having an idea of Duo Ercha’s condition.

Duo Ercha lightly waved his hand and wind started blowing, pushing back Meng Qi who had dived forwards. The entrance could not be closed.

Meng Qi’s chest and abdomen were hurting and it was getting harder for him to breathe. His idea instantly changed.

Even if Duo Er Cha did not have much strength left, both he and Qi Zhengyan were no match for him. What could they do?

His most powerful move was the Ananda Oath-Breaking Swordsmanship, but it was a Crippled Move!

Um, Crippled Move was only incomplete in the late stages. He had complete understanding of the early stages so he could still form a complete blade stance before making his move…

Should he put on an act to scare him?

Yes! Duo Ercha was badly injured. When he encountered an enemy and move he was unsure of, he would definitely back off. By then, their primary mission would be completed!

Different thoughts flashed in Meng Qi’s mind in that moment. He soon made his decision and stood in stance, tightly holding the Buddhist Commandment Blade in his hand.

With the entrance completely open, Duo Ercha did not attack rightaway. Instead he silently walked towards the cliff wall.

Duo Ercha not saying a word or making a move made them feel extremely pressured. Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan stopped tending to their injuries and barely managed to stand up, ready to fight to their deaths.

“Prepare to die,” Duo Ercha threatened, lifting his right fist.

Meng Qi recalled the Crippled Move and drew his Buddhist Commandment Blade, ready to strike.

But at this moment, Duo Ercha suddenly moved backwards and hit a giant tree with his fist.

Amidst the violent winds, a silver-bell-like laughter rang. A white shadow jumped out from behind the tree, floating like an ethereal creature, dodging the fist.

The giant tree was split in half and fell backwards, making a loud thumping noise.

The white shadow landed somewhere close by. It was a lovely girl in a simple white gown.

“I was just a little surprised to see the secret passage. I didn’t think you would discover me.” The girl laughed. “I was planning to make my move after you have killed them all.”

Meng Qi looked at the girl in shock. “Little Zi?”

From the looks of it, this girl was clearly Little Zi!

Little Zi could be considered as graceful previously, but she seemed to have blossomed. She now carried an ethereal air and was a stunning beauty, no less beautiful than Jiang Zhiwei.

“Little Zi? Don’t mention that idiot,” the young girl replied with a faint smile. “I’m Gu Xiaosang.”

Gu Xiaosang? Meng Qi had heard Little Zi mention this name. He found it weird to look at the girl with almost the same appearance as Little Zi.

As they were talking, Duo Ercha continued to attack, only this time without dark clouds or thunder and lightning, but violent winds.

Gu Xiaosang did not panic. Her gown fluttered as if she was dancing in the wind, yet she still found time to chat with Meng Qi.

“Gu Xiaosang, it’s really her,” Zhang Yuanshan muttered seriously. Jiang Zhiwei pursed her lips and Qing Zhengyan even subconsciously stepped back.

It seemed that Gu Xiangsang had quite the reputation.

Gu Xiaosang defended for a bit and said with a laugh, “General, if you attack again, I’m not going to hold back anymore. How about you kill them first and then I’ll kill you. What say you?”

“You and whose army?” Duo Ercha snorted, attacking more violently.

“If you’re not injured, even two of me are no match for you. But your left eye is now blind, your head has been attacked by sword, and you were struck by Vajra Palm and the Flower-Pinching Finger of the Citta-Manas Monk. How much strength do you have left? 30, 20, or perhaps 10%?” Gu Xiaosang said, smiling. She flew backwards, avoiding Duo Ercha’s lethal blow.

“Even so, killing you is like squashing a fowl.” Duo Ercha remained dignified, but he suddenly changed direction, flying toward the outskirts of the forest.

What, trying to escape?

He was indeed the ruthless barbarian!

Gu Xiaosang was like a spirit, like a fairy. Somehow she managed to land in front of Duo Ercha. She extended her hand, closing her index and middle fingers to form a dagger and pointed at the middle of Duo Ercha’s eyes.

At the same time, she opened her mouth slightly to murmur about something. A sudden, faint hissing sound could be heard.

“The world of mortals is like a prison; all living beings are in suffering. The wheel of reincarnation never ends; suffering is endless. Have mercy on my people; the gods are dawning on us. Ajati Matriarch, Vacuum Hometown!”

“Ajati Matriarch, Vacuum Hometown!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42: Ajati Finger
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Ajati Matriarch, Vacuum Hometown!”

A wispy sound reverberated in Duo Ercha’s ears as he saw a lily-white fingers lightly pointing on him. For a moment, he felt the sensation of his soul leaving his body.

Realizing the situation was getting worse, he quickly changed his shape to avoid the finger. The air around him became heavier and collapsed layer by layer, as if cumulating into a giant whirlpool. Finally, he was involuntarily pulled into the whirlpool, as if to embrace the finger.

When Gu Xiaosang extended her finger, the rest saw how Duo Ercha seemed to have lost his soul. Instead of dodging like he had been doing, he gravitated towards her like a traveller who was eager to return home.

“Is this dark arts?” Meng Qi was stunned to witness the strange scene unfolding before him.

Finger landing between Duo Ercha’s eyebrows, Gu Xiaosang spoke in a solemn tone.

“Ajati Matriarch, Vacuum Hometown!”

What happened caused their hair to stand. Duo Ercha actually smiled happily and repeated after her in a whisper.

“Ajati Matriarch, Vacuum Hometown!”

His body first swelled before rapidly shrinking. His skin and muscles became dry. Blood light gathered between his eyebrows and flowed into Gu Xiaosang’s index and middle finger.

Her jade-white face became so bright that it looked like it could glisten.

“Ajati Matriarch, Vacuum Hometown… ” Duo Ercha lied softly on the ground and read the spell-like scriptures peacefully. His voice gradually became lower.

Gu Xiaosang retrieved her right hand and looked at Meng Qi and the rest. Compared to her appearance earlier, she looked even more refreshed. She was so beautiful that she made others feel ashamed of themselves.

“If not for my failure last time, my Karma points wouldn’t be lost and I won’t be doing this myself. But it’s still within my power to kill a person and take his karma point.” Gu Xiaosang broke off a branch and walked towards the entrance with a smile. “The General was attacked by Ajati Finger and needed some time to return to his Vacuum Hometown. Though the time is short, it’s enough to kill.”

She looked at the rest who wore confused faces and waved the branch with a smile. “It’s quite an interesting fate. If not for that failure, I wouldn’t be using that thing and be thrown here and treated as a rookie. Which one of you should I kill? It’s really hard. Why don’t you pick? I’ll kill the one you choose and the rest can go on their own ways. Either way, we won’t be meeting again when we return.”

She placed her index finger on her chin and frowned. This question was too troublesome. With such scenery, if a certain someone was here, he would definitely come and forward and entertain this beauty.

After Meng Qi’s confession, they had all developed a deeper sense of camaraderie. Besides, their minds were clear so they did not fall for this girl’s method of trying to sow discord among them. They all stood in front of the entrance and tried to come up with countermeasures.

Gu Xiaosang’s gaze fleeted and she smiled. “Is it difficult for you to choose? Hm, there’s completely no point to kill the ordinary disciples of Huanhua Swords Sect. It’ll just stain my hands and waste my Karma points.”

Qi Zhengyan’s face was grim. He knew it was her provocation, but he was still insulted and angry. Why was he inferior to her?

She turned towards Zhang Yuanshan and nodded lightly. “Sect of Zhang is one of the three bases in Zhen Wu Sect. If I kill you in the way of Zhen Wu Sect, it’ll definitely create an internal strife.”

Zhang Yuanshan stared at her and said calmly, “You witch, do you think our elders are ignorant and impertinent people?”

“You’re right.” She actually nodded happily in agreement. “I don’t know divination and didn’t think this situation would happen. So I didn’t exchange for the magic code of Zhen Wu Sect. It’ll be difficult to blame this murder on them.”

“If I just kill you without causing internal strife, I feel like it’s a waste of my Karma points. In Zhen Wu Sect, whether it’s Yangtai, Yanghe, and the Yao Brothers, they’re all far more talented in kungfu and skilled than you. You don’t even comprehend the true meaning of Zhenwu’s Seven Strokes Scripture and Tai Chi Divine Skill. It’s only because you’re more steady and capable that the elders favor you.”

Her joyful laughter hid ridicule that was intended to sow discord.

Zhang Yuanshan laughed. “My comprehension of kungfu is inferior to my fellow sect disciples. It’s destiny. The heaven will supplement my shortcomings. Why should I be upset? Diligence redeems ignorance. Why should I be hopeless?”

Since Gu Xiaosang wanted to sow discord and kill with words, Zhang Yuanshan was also happy to play along and drag the conversation. Everything would be fine when Duo Ercha died.

She was stunned and bit her lower lip. With a laugh, she said, “When I hear what you said, I kind of want to kill you.”

She forced herself to turn and smile at Jiang Zhiwei. “I’ve heard Lady Jiang has the most promising future among the younger generation and will definitely be a famed swordswoman in the future. I really wanted to meet you and kill you. Looks like I have a chance now.”

Jiang Zhiwei was neither angry nor afraid. She said placidly, “You have to ask my sword if you have this chance.”

Gu Xiaosang looked at unperturbed Jiang Zhiwei and frowned. “Do you still have the energy to use Sword of Anatta? You’re badly hurt. It makes no sense. Did you exchange Dharma Access of the Desperate Hit like the Sky Demon Butchering Mighty Art?”

She actually voiced out the confusion in her mind.

“Try me and find out.” Jiang Zhiwei smiled lightly, her pale face becoming even more captivating.

Gu Xiaosang stopped and looked at Meng Qi with smile. “Master, you’re actually the one I wanted to kill most.”

“Ah?” Meng Qi found it completely ridiculous. He thought he was on par with Qi Zhengyan, or even beneath him. At least that was the case now.

She titled her head, cheeks somewhat flushed. “Little Zi seems to like you.”

“What kind of reason is this?” Meng Qi was also conversing as much as possible, trying to drag time.

She lifted her head and gave a fox-like smile. “It’s the best reason. Whatever she likes and wants, I want to destroy them.”

F***! That was the only thought Meng Qi had.

“So, just relax, Master. Amitabha.” Gu Xiaosang threw away the branch and put her palms together.

Meng Qi took a deep breath and his surroundings returned to serenity. In his eyes, there was only her. His heart was pure and he lifted Buddhist Commandment Blade and pointed at her.

She approached him quickly with a smile, ignoring the rest.

Suddenly, all the noise seemed to have been sucked into a vacuum. She no longer heard the wind, rain, or the creeping snakes. Everything was serene and clean.

Her smile was frozen mid-air. Meng Qi raised his Buddhist Commandment Blade and noise penetrated the peace.

The tranquil was broken and noise surged again. Voices of children calling their mothers echoed inside her ears. Everything that had happened in the past, be it good or bad, emerged in her mind.

Her face turned blue and she backed a few steps, dodging the blade attack.

Since when did this monk have such excellent swordsmanship?

Watching Gu Xiaosang retreat, Meng Qi ignored his weak strength and soft knees and pushed the switch.

Before she snapped back into focus, he hurled his Buddhist Commandment Blade and closed the entrance.

The Buddhist Commandment Blade was thrown into a spot where red stone was around. Gritting his teeth, he threw a punch and destroyed the mechanism inside as well.

“What are you doing?” Qi Zhengyan asked in surprise.

“The mechanism has been destroyed. We can’t leave, but she won’t have any hopes of getting in either.” Meng Qi sat down and leaned against the stone wall, feeling weak.

Jiang Zhiwei nodded. “As long as Duo Ercha dies, we can directly return. It’s no big deal to be trapped here.”

“It’s a good idea.” Zhang Yuanshan smiled.

Qi Zhengyan stood near the entrance with his blade, still worried that the mechanism outside was not completely ruined.

Jiang Zhiwei stared at Meng Qi with a smile. “I didn’t expect you would comprehend the true meaning of Peace Quietude Split.”

She could tell Meng Qi was putting up a pretense and scared Gu Xiaosang away with sword motions, in exchange for closing the entrance and gaining valuable time.

“It’s not that it’s incomplete. If you comprehend it and prepare it according to heart sutras, it will work.” Meng Qi seemed to have recovered some of his strength.

Qi Zhengyan knew little about this type of movement, so he did not ask much. Zhang Yuanshan did not understand the basics of Zhenwu’s Seven Strokes Scripture and Tai Chi Divine Skill, so his knowledge was shallow. He just exercised according to the grand old man’s script.

Only Jiang Zhiwei glanced at Meng Qi, smiling faintly. When the other two were not looking, she mouthed at him quietly.

Meng Qi who had once worked closely with her instantly knew what she wanted.

“Competition!”

…

In front of the mountain wall, Gu Xiaosang stared at the closed entrance. Raising her head, a sharp smile appeared on her lips.

She turned around and walked out the forest. With a wave of her sleeves, she helped Duo Ercha close his eyes forever.

…

“Who’s Gu Xiaosang?” Meng Qi changed the topic, curious about this person.

Zhang Yuanshan said, “Do you know the Nine Evil Paths?”

“Yes.” Meng Qi learnt about it from Xuan Xin.

Zhang Yuanshan nodded. “Gu Xiaoshan is the goddess of Luo Denomination in the Nine Evil Paths. Her sect pays homage to Ajati Matriarch and considers the world a Vacuum Hometown. Their sect regards her as the reincarnation of the Ajati Matriarch for this generation.”

“We all know her because she has killed three times and crossed level. She’s fourth on the Ranking List of Young Masters and has a famed reputation,” added Jiang Zhiwei.

“What’s the Ranking List of Young Masters? What’s Terrestrial Rankings and Celestial Rankings?” Meng Qi had always wanted to know, but did not have the chance.

Zhang Yuanshan gave a soft laugh. “The Great Jin Dynasty set the ranking for all the best warriors. This ranking can rouse the competitiveness in people’s hearts and make them kill one another. The original is kept in Luoyang.

“Though everyone knows the intentions behind the ranking, those who roam the Jianghu may be uninterested in money, sex, alcohol, or debts. But besides enlightenment, who among them doesn’t desire fame? That’s why everyone acquiesced in the list, resulting in many secret disputes because of it.”

Jiang Zhiwei nodded. “Those on the Celestial Ranking are all Dharmakaya. Since the ranking had come into existence, at most there were 14 or 15 of them. It can even be as few as seven or eight people. Your Abbotship was ranked third. Those ranked are all famous masters, except for land immortals. The first 200 are basically all top masters of the Exterior. My master is ranked first.”

She seemed a little proud at this fact.

“The Ranking List of Young Masters is for youngsters. During the Enlightenment process, many defeat others by crossing level. Even if you have opened Nine Apertures, you might not even have a chance to rank high. This ranking only lists 15 people,” Zhang Yuanshan added.

Meng Qi was about to ask Jiang Zhiwei if she made the ranking when a line of gray words appeared on the wall.

“General Duo Ercha has died. The second auxiliary task is complete. Gu Xiaosang is awarded 200 Karma points, Jiang Zhiwei 100 Karma points, and Zhang Yuanshan 50 Karma points.”

“General Duo Ercha died, Shaolin has fallen. The second auxiliary task is completed in advance. Everyone is rewarded 100 Karma points.”

“Hurry and return.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43: Lot Pot
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Please come back soon.”

As the gray words appeared, the lit match in the secret passage went out by itself and pitch darkness overwhelmed the White Jade Square again. Even with his current senses, Meng Qi could not hear anything or see his own palms.

When the light came on again, the immortal-like White Jade Square appeared in front of everyone.

“Since the main task has already been finished, you can enjoy the free treatment.”

As the distant, placid voice of the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms resounded, rays of milky light enveloped Meng Qi and others.

His wound quivered and cold air seeped into his lungs. His injuries, accumulated over time, were healed so quickly that his eyes could clearly see. The Iron Shirt broken by Tang Shun was also recovering. His skin and muscles regained its thickness and tightness.

Meng Qi stretched his limbs after the treatment light disappeared, feeling refreshed as if he had endless strength. “Without treatment from the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms, my growing number of injuries would eventually create endless hidden troubles in the future if I exchanged the wounds for wounds.”

He had recently looked through the anecdotes and stories about Iron Shirt and other Thwart Kung Fu on the first two floors of the Sutras Depository. He found that most of them who specialized in them died in their old age with full of injuries. Only a few of them reached the Enlightenment stage with the help of them.

That was due to the lack of the heart sutras recuperation in Thwart Kung Fu. Plus those specialized in it would definitely choose to exchange small injuries for great damages in a fight. Though the small injuries did not impact much after the buffering from the Iron Shirt and could recover soon, which neither could threaten their lives nor could reduce their strength, yet their lives were precious and sometimes very fragile. If one did not wait for his full recovery and fought again and again, his small injuries would accumulate and eventually leave many hidden injuries in his body year after year, causing irreversible issues and after-effects.

So Meng Qi was anxious about his present fighting methods. Luckily he had a powerful patron, the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms, whose healing ability was even more formidable than masters of the Dharmakaya level.

His injuries were the lightest among the four of them. After stretching his limbs, he discovered Jiang Zhiwei, Zhang Yuanshan and others were still shrouded by the milky-white light. His thoughts fleeted towards the strange stone door at the end of the secret passage.

“‘He who is loyal and kind should not enter this door’… it doesn’t sound like a good place… The secret passage of the main world should lead to the place where demons and ghosts are suppressed. But what about this place? There should not be any demons and ghosts… ” Meng Qi knew he should absolutely not open the stone door with his current strength. After all, he had only just touched it with his hand when he felt like he had fallen into a deep demon prison, unable to extricate himself.

“I’ll enter the stone door to take a look when I go into the Exterior in the future… ” After this idea formed in his mind, he opened the jade-slip scroll in front of him. Not surprisingly, he found he could return to some World of Samsara for a month, where he had stayed at the cost of 100 Karma points and an item called Reincarnation Charm. And the more Karma points he paid, the longer he could stay there.

But “Samsara” was not available on the Exchange List. He could only obtain it during the Samsara task or as a reward after the assessment of his task was graded “excellent”.

“Task evaluation: ‘medium’ for Zhang Yuanshan, Jiang Zhiwei, and Qi Zhengyan. Each is rewarded 20 Karma points. ‘Good’ for Zhen Ding. He will have a lottery chance in addition to 30 Karma points. The range of his lottery rewards is items belonging to the Exterior.”

The evaluation was done by the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms at the time when Jiang Zhiwei and others’ treatment was complete.

Meng Qi lifted his eyebrows. Sure enough, exploring secrets was one of the important criteria for the task evaluation.

“Fortune stick lottery?” When she heard Meng Qi could participate in this new thing, Jiang Zhiwei came over with great interest.

Meng Qi was pretty excited and deliberately rubbed his hands together. “Any item belonging to the Exterior? The range is too wide. If I could just gain the Arhat Fists or some ordinary iron sword, it will be a pity to waste such a nice opportunity.”

Jiang Zhiwei saw Meng Qi holding up a gray pot with rising white smoke and laughed gently. “What are you afraid of? Take it easy. It’s an unexpected fortune anyway.”

The pot was so deep and dark that he could not see anything.

Zhang Yuanshan and Qi Zhengyan also joined them, watching Meng Qi shake the pot with great interest. Zhang Yuanshan even encouraged him with a big smile, saying, “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, you’re a monk. Shaking the fortune stick lot pot is your forte, so I think you should be able to get a good item out of it.”

Meng Qi’s face twitched a bit. “You’re overestimating me. Since I can remember, I have never managed to get a prize, not even a consolation one, except for a few five-yuan rewards from scraping receipts.”

He picked up the pot and shook it hard. The mouth of the pot was covered with a curtain of light, where phantoms of various items were constantly in shift. With his current eyesight, it was hard for him to clearly see anything.

After shaking the pot for a while, Jiang Zhiwei shook her head at him, indicating that she could not see anything either. So he fiercely shook the pot twice and placed his lot pot on the seemingly opaque white smoke in front of him.

The shift of light and shadow gradually slowed down. When he first saw a shining long sword, his heart leaped with joy. He thought it might be one at the Refined Weapon level available. Unfortunately, the sword slowly turned over and transferred a gray script to him, with the words “Thirteen Sword Killing Strategies” written on it.

“This is something good!” Meng Qi was overjoyed but the script eventually disappeared back into the pot at a snail-like speed and three blue-white porcelains appeared in its place.

“Ganoderma Elixir of Restoration… ” Qi Zhengyan recognized it to be an elixir he had once exchanged for.

Meng Qi exhaled, neither disappointed nor happy. What was more, this result was quite fair. Though it could not equal the Thirteen Sword Killing Strategies or the Refined Weapon level sword, he would have chosen to exchange for this elixir if not for this lottery chance. This time, he did not want to rely on the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms to enhance his skills. After all, he had used it once to open his Dantian, making his foundation an unstable one. If he used it again, there could be hidden troubles.

So, before he focused on Dantian again, Meng Qi might as well choose to use the elixir to help himself reach advanced success of Qi-cultivation as soon as possible.

And the “Ganoderma Elixir of Restoration” was one of the best elixirs for his Qi-cultivation Stage. It could replace genuine Qi coming from fleshy fruits and vegetables, and it had a bit less acquired pollution. In addition, it was easy to absorb and breathe in, and could help his inner force growing at full speed.

The pot and the white smoke disappeared, leaving three blue-white porcelains in place. Meng Qi bent to pick them up. He opened one of the porcelain bottles and saw twelve lotus seed-like pills inside. From the bottle, out came a fragrant odor, making him full of energy and light-footed.

“These are some really good elixirs.” Meng Qi praised, fixing the mouth of the bottle and hiding it into his sleeves. He decided to take an elixir every five days to succeed in his Qi-cultivation as soon as possible.

Upon seeing this, Jiang Zhiwei smiled earnestly and said, “Little monk, you’ve saved 30 Karma points. You’re a rich guy now.”

She guessed that Meng Qi had intended to exchange Karma points for the “Ganoderma Elixir of Restoration”.

“Of course. If you borrow Karma points again, you’ll not have to pay back 13 yuan if you borrow nine, but 12 yuan for 10.” Meng Qi also started joking.

For his Samsara mission this time, he gained 50 Karma points for finishing the first main task, 20 for participating in killing the Hundred Face Bookster, and 50 for slaughtering the Cosmos Juggler. With the completion of the second main task, he achieved 100 Karma points and accepted 30 as a reward of the tasks evaluation. That was to say, he earned a total of 250 Karma points.

Jiang Zhiwei could not help laughing. “I have more Karma points than you. If anyone’s lending them, it’s me who could lend some to you.”

Since her first main task had earned her 50 Karma points, 30 for participating in killing the Hundred Face Bookster, 20 for the Cosmos Juggler, and 100 for General Duo Ercha. She was also rewarded 100 Karma points for finishing the second main task and accepted 20 as reward from the tasks evaluation. In other words, she had gained 320 Karma points in all.

Meng Qi thought to himself that the impartation of Gist of Trueness was a priceless object, though he had no way to retelling and exchanging it with the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms at the moment.

Looking at Zhang Yuanshan and Qi Zhengyan, he grinned. “Senior Brother Zhang and Senior Brother Qi, I’m sure you both got more Karma points than me.”

After recovering from his injuries, Qi Zhengyan again returned to his unsmiling state. He just gave a light nod and said, “I got 260 Karma points. Including the points from before, I have 280 in total.”

He only had 20 Karma points remaining after exchanging for the Double-Killing Dart. His first main task earned him 50 Karma points, the participation in the Hundred Face Bookster’s murder added 10, and slaughtering the Cosmos Juggler gave him 80. The completion of the second main task gave him 100 Karma points and he got 20 more as reward from the task evaluation.

“I’m afraid I have the most Karma points. After all, I still leave 20 more Karma points to Junior Sister Jiang,” Zhang Yuanshan said humorously. “I have 310 in all at present.”

He himself acquired 150 Karma points in his main tasks. Like those companions above, he obtained 50, 50, 20, and 20 Karma points respectively participating in killing the appointed persons. He also earned 20 as reward for the task evaluation.

After everyone honestly shared the sum of their Karma points, Zhang Yuanshan dropped his smile and seriously said, “Let’s think about what items we should get. We may not have an ally like Master Xin Ji in the next task, or some strange person interfering with our battle like Gu Xiaosang. We must rely on ourselves.”

“I first have to rebuild Sword of the ‘Sun-Penetrating Rainbow’, otherwise I wouldn’t know how to explain to myself,” said Jiang Zhiwei as she stroked her beloved sword.

General Duo Ercha’s slap had resulted in many small cracks on her sword.

Meng Qi and the rest nodded, seemingly without any intentions of interfering with her decision. Though they were discussing what items to get, it was more like they were airing their views. There was no intention to force anyone. On the other hand, Jiang Zhiwei was a born swordswoman, so a good sword would make her even more powerful. There was absolutely no problem for her to repair her sword first.

“I can’t use my sword either since Tang Shun has hit it unusable. But mine is just an ordinary steel sword. I’ll get another one when I return home.” Zhang Yunshan looked at Jiang Zhiwei with a smile. “Junior Sister Jiang, what else do you want?”

There seemed to be a soft glow on Jiang Zhiwei’s beautiful face. She said, “Last time I roughly browsed the swordsmanship available on the Exchange List. Putting aside those that I won’t be able to afford in the near future, there’s one that is pretty interesting. Its first 22 sword methods belong to the Enlightenment level. In this book, the Merciful sword art is only worth 200 Karma points and the Merciless sword art not more than 600.”

“However, when it comes to the 23rd sword method, it develops to a fairly high level of the sword art of the Exterior. According to the Dominator of Samsara of Six Realms, you need thousands of Karma points for it. I think my master will marvel at this sword art when he sees it. It’s hard to imagine there would be such a massive- essenced leap between the front and the latter of this sword art.”

When it came to sword art, her beauty was so brilliant that one would not dare to look at her closely.

“Lady Jiang, which sword art is that?” When Meng Qi heard what she said, he seemed to have thought of something and was quite surprised.

When she saw his expression, she understood that he had read the introduction of this sword art and gave him a light nod. With a smile, she said,”It’s what you’re thinking of, the ‘Sacred Spirit Sword Art’.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44: Personal Choices
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“But the Twenty-three Swords Skill is too, too dangerous… ” Meng Qi didn’t know how to describe it. He had learned about it in the comics in his past life, but the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms had only briefly introduced it. Meng Qi could not show his deep understanding of the move.

Originating from the Sacred Spirit Swordsmanship of Fengyun, the Twenty-three Swords Skill could only be displayed when the user gave up his life. It was a sword art of the heart, soul, spirit, and will. When it was used, all senses came to a standstill and everything would remain stationary. Nothing could escape from its power.

It was a very powerful skill, but did have one major weakness, its requirement of death. And this was the exact point that Meng Qi thought inappropriate.

Sure, it had been many years since Meng Qi had read those comics, so his impression might be wrong due to declining memory. Meanwhile, it had been exchanged from the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms, so the reliability of its originality still remained a question.

With so many things on the Exchange List, Zhang Yuanshan and Qi Zhengyan hadn’t noticed the “Sacred Spirit Swordsmanship”. Meng Qi and Jiang Zhiwei stared at him in bewilderment.

Wearing a smile, Jiang Zhiwei said, “Little monk, it’s quite a coincidence that we want the same skill. Don’t worry. I want the sword script to study the changes of moves. The concentration and dispersing of the weapon will polish my sword skills. I won’t be controlled by the ‘Sacred Spirit Swordsmanship’. If I could one day acquire the Twenty-three Swords Skill, instead of mere practice and imitation, I would try to learn its law and ration to understand the sources of the sword of heart, the sword art of soul, the insensitivity of senses and the abnormity of time.”

It was clear the Dominator had mentioned the dangers of the Twenty-three Swords Skill in his introduction. Jiang Zhiwei knew what Meng Qi meant. But without such dangers, the Twenty-three Swords Skill had to be worth more than four thousand Karma points. However, the acquisition of it would be uncertain after the exchange.

“Lady Jiang, as you have made your decision, let’s convert it.” Since Jiang Zhiwei’s words were very reasonable, Meng Qi nodded his head thoughtfully.

There was still a long way to go for the exchange of the Twenty-three Swords Skill.

The decision of a natural swordsman could not simply be changed. Jiang Yuanshan took out the Script. After reading the introduction on the “Sacred Spirit Swordsmanship”, he frowned slightly but soon smoothed his brows and said, “This is a good swordsmanship. Few skills can compare with the Twenty-three Swords Skill.”

Jiang Zhiwei gently rubbed her Sword of the Sun-Penetrating Rainbow with a smile and said, “But the divine skills don’t have so many strict demands. First, I want to exchange the first eighteen moves of Sacred Spirit Swordsmanship to study the essence of Sentimental Swordsmanship and then continue to study it in the future.”

Holding the Scripts, she stood up and returned 20 Karma points to Zhang Yuanshan. And then, she walked to the light pillar at the center and inserted the Sword of the Sun-Penetrating Rainbow into it.

It was strange. After the insertion, the Sword of the Sun-Penetrating Rainbow was floating in mid-air and surrounded by Qi.

The light and fissure disappeared, but the Sword of the Sun-Penetrating Rainbow remained bright.

“It’s a real buy at 30 Karma points.” Jiang Zhiwei happily took back her cherished sword. Turning to them, she said, “It needs 200 Karma points for the Sentimental pat of Sacred Spirit Swordsmanship. I’m going to exchange the ‘Universal Hatred Sword to practice with my remaining 70 Karma points.”

The “Sacred Spirit Swordsmanship”, failing to be completely divided into First Sword, Second Sword, Third Sword etc., could only be exchanged partially, that is, the Sentimental Part, the Heartless Part, the Twenty-three Swords Skill, the Twenty-three Swords Skill Destroying Six Realms and so on.

Worth 60 Karma points, the “Heaven and Earth Common Hatred Swordsmanship” was the showpiece of the 108 Swords of the “Incomplete Heaven and Fragmented Earth” Sword-enshrining Tower. Jiang Zhiwei had been interested in the swordsmanship of “Binglie Sec” for quite some time.

“Lady Jiang, are you going to only exchange for sword art?” Meng Qi asked with confusion.

“Don’t you need the Devine Skill Elixir?”

“Different from other skills, the method for practicing Sacred Spirit Swordsmanship is to watch sword skills of various sects. I learned and then forgot them to build my sword-will. The stronger it is, the faster my inner force grows. What’s more, my ability in concentrating acupuncture gains victorious advances. Since my aim is to practice, the exchange of sword skills is faster and safer than elixirs.” Jiang Zhiwei said frankly. Anyone who knew about Sword Washing Pavilion could get that point.

Finishing her words, she reached the small pillar and took out a grey script and several thin pieces of paper.

“Who’s next?” She asked with her shining eyes on the swordsmanship script.

She planned to keep 10 Karma points for accidents, such as needing a medical remedy before completing the main task.

“Senior Brother Zhang, what’s your choice?” Meng Qi had already made his choice in his heart, so he wasn’t anxious.

Zhang Yuanshan muttered, “To be honest, I always believed in the Tao of Concentration. Too many skills mean little to me. After all, my current sword skills are enough. Therefore, except for the Heavenly Acumen Pill, I don’t know what to exchange for now.”

Having concentrated acoustic-related meatuses, he was ready to open the acoustic meatus.

“The Tao of Concentration?” Struck by a thought, Meng Qi recalled the words of Gu Xiaosang and said, “Senior Brother Zhang, why don’t you build yourself up?”

“What?” Zhang Yuanshan asked doubtfully.

Gu Xiaosang had once said that Zhang Yuanshan hadn’t grasped the essence of two elemental divine skills of the Zhen Wu Sect. Her words inspired Meng Qi.

“Senior Brother Zhang, I remember that most divine skill scripts can be divided into Qi-cultivation Chapters and Enlightenment Chapters. I suggest that you exchange for the Qi-cultivation Chapter of your main skills. Once you’ve been imbued by the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms, try to tell the differences between it and your everyday practice, attempting to change accordingly to strengthen your basic skills.”

“The Buddha’s Palm and Jietian Seven Skills of the Sword and some other scripts don’t have the division of Qi-cultivation Chapter and Enlightenment Chapter because they are contained in each palm and move. Also, they can be directly transformed from other skills without difficulty and improve on the original foundation.”

Zhang Yuanshan stood there gawking for a while, then suddenly clapped his hands. Pacing excitedly, he murmured, “How come I didn’t think of this. How come I didn’t think of this… ”

His excitement drew Jiangzhi Wei’s attention from her Sacred Spirit Swordsmanship script.

After pacifying his mood for a while, he solemnly made an obeisance by cupping one hand in the other before his chest and said, “Thanks, Junior Brother Zhen Ding. Your advice visualizes my hope to solve my serious troubles.”

Since Zhang Yuanshan had finished that period, more practice would not result in flimsy foundation. On the contrary, by comparing and finding problems, he could both learn from practice and get the Gist of Trueness to remove the potential danger of a failure of enlightenment to Dharma Access.

“It just came to me. My casual advice couldn’t deserve such serious etiquette, Senior Brother Zhang.” Meng Qi said with a smile.

“It deserves, it definitely deserves it! Although I’m good at Tai Ji Defense, my major practice is the elemental chapter of True Martial Seven-Seven Cutting Scripture. For some reason, it’s harder to improve as I continue my practice. Fortunately, there is the World of Samsara.” Zhang Yuanshan couldn’t wait to get into the light pillar for his exchange.

It seemed that he had more expectations and enthusiasm for the World of Samsara.

Mengqi thumbed through the Script, finding that the True Martial Seven-Seven Cutting Scripture was organized by four chapters: Qi-Cultivation, Enlightenment, the Exterior Realm and the Realm of Dharmakaya. Without extra chapters, the Hundred-day Foundation Period had no major differences from other scripts.

The Qi-Cultivation Chapter needed 100 Karma points, the Enlightenment Chapter needed 1,000, the Exterior Realm Chapter 20,000 and the Realm of Dharmakaya Chapter 200,000.

Which meant Zhang Yuanshan should expect to spend at least 200 Karma points for a direct exchange.

Surrounded by glowing sunlight which sparkled like fireflies, Zhang Yuanshan felt like he was in paradise.

After a while, the sun’s rays disappeared. Zhang Yuanshan stepped out with a smile and flourishing spirit. He said, “It turns out that I have been misguided for so many years, which was hard to realize. 200 Karma points is really a bargain.”

With the Heavenly Acumen Pill in his hand, he left 20 Karma points for a rainy day.

“Practicing the True Martial Seven-Seven Cutting Scripture, Senior Brother Zhang is good at defense. Lady Jiang has strong sword will and good sword art which enhance each other. And their choices this time are an improvement on these two aspects. Therefore, we’d better not replicate each other’s choices.” Meng Qi said to Qi Zhengyan.

In a very short time, Meng Qi could clearly define himself as the “MT” in online games where they practiced Thwart Kung Fu to trigger attacks and find opportunities for others, but he couldn’t find the exact position of Qi Zhengyan.

This was not a big problem. The real trouble was that their team was now lacking in long-distance attackers, talents in mechanisms and concealed weapons and so on. But he had to accept the reality that their weak team only had four people who could not be distracted. Kung Fu required concentration.

Qi Zhengyan nodded. “Junior Brother Zhen Ding,” he said. “Are you going to improve your Thwart Kung Fu?”

Meng Qi frowned and said, “I want so much, and before I entered the World of Samsara… ”

He told them about the secret path, Zhen Guan and the awards of Bodhi Yard. There was no need for hiding.

“It’s unbelievable that two worlds have the same secret path… ” Zhang Yuanshan commented, surprised.

“No wonder you could find the secret passage… ” Yan Zhengyan was also astonished.

Thinking, Jiang Zhiwei frowned slightly and said, “There may be some relation, but our small amount of knowledge hinders our understanding.”

Though after exhaustive thinking, they couldn’t figure out anything. So they had to change the topic. With a laugh, Zhang Yuanshan said, “According to the practices of Shaolin, the award of Bodhi Yard must be the right to choose the Qi-Cultivation Chapter of non-skills from 72 kinds of ultimate arts under Shaolin Kung Fu. My advice is to choose the Invincibility Skill or Vajra Body Defending Divine Skill instead of other Qi-Cultivation Chapters of other Thwart Kung Fu.”

“Well, I have to complete my Crippled Move of Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship and collect all the Pearfeather Storm poisonous needles.” Meng Qi told them his plan. “I don’t think Eight Divine Steps can meet my needs now. It remains to be seen whether I can spend some Karma points to get One Hundred Divine Steps. If there are Karma points left, another bladesmanship may be a good choice.”

Qi Zhengyan looked at the needle box he’d picked without disguising it.

“You have a good plan to meet your urgent need. If you don’t have enough Karma points, I can lend you 10 but you will have to pay me an interest rate of 4 for 9.” Jiang Zhiwei joked.

Zhang Yuanshan nodded. “I can lend you some too,” he said.

Since the remaining Karma points were for emergencies, to collect some handy scripts and instruments wasn’t a bad choice.

Qi Zhengyan thought for a while and said without any expression, “At an interest of 1 for 5.”

“How long will you make fun of it?” Meng Qi walked towards the light pillar and stepped into it, pretending to be angry.

“It requires 110 Karma points to compete the first move, ‘Peace Quietude Split’ of Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship. It is equal to the skill which is exchanged, so there is no need exchanging extra Karma points.”

“The completion of ‘Pearfower Storm Needle’ needs 50 Karma points.”

“‘Eight Divine Steps can be upgraded to ‘One Hundred Divine Steps’ with 40, thanks to your former understanding of it.”

“Exchange or not?”

The voice of the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms filled his ears.

Meng Qi was glad that the cost was less than he had expected, especially the cost of the improvement of “Eight Divine Steps”.

Therefore, without any hesitation, he chose to exchange.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45: Selection of Bladesmanship
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Light and shadow floated, smoke dimly discernible, a beam of light shone on Meng Qi between his eyebrows like the touch of a finger.

The monk, full of bitterness emerged again in Meng Qi’s mind. He plodded tediously, back slightly bowed, like he was heavily bound by chains; but around him was only peace and tranquility.

With a flash of the blade light, various changes leaped vividly before eyes. Greed, anger and obsession, love, dislike and hatred, all the transformations came down, changing the peaceful and quiet place into a secular world.

With a splintering crash, the invisible chain was broken. All obstacles were ruined, a boundless sea of woes came forward. His whole body was floating, through suffering, bearing, burning. But there were both bitterness and bliss, a heart newly alive and active. Know the joy of family, understand the happiness of love, gain the faith of friends and pursue the content of fame. Though misery was increasing, it was too hard to stop.

The illusion disappeared, the sections of Peace Quietude Split were fully imprinted in Meng Qi’s mind. But only remembering changes of bladesmanship was not enough. And it would be another hard practice if he wanted to truly use it with body and mind together and use it freely at any time or place.

What should be known was that in mainstream martial arts, the script’s moves were best to be detailed. Besides allowing disciples to carefully read them, there were educators exhibiting them, though this was not as effective as the Gist of Trueness. But even such, the disciples who could truly master the essence of the moves were few. Most disciples could not manage both knowledge and action as one.

Meng Qi then thought that he had known a little about Peace Quietude Split through understanding the heritage of the Gist of Trueness, but it had been at least a year and a half before he could initially exert this bladesmanship, and this was a huge return for his hard work.

He replayed the bladesmanship in his mind, and after memorizing it repeatedly, Meng Qi opened his eyes. Just as expected, he found that the Storm Pear Needle floating before his eyes had already finished filling. And there was a page of “instructions” telling how to open the trigger and load the poisonous needles after shooting as well as one more thick Eight Divine Steps script, which was now the Lightning Changes script.

“110 Karma points consumed for completing the first move, ‘Peace Quietude Split’ of Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship.”

“The Storm Pear Needle has been completed, consumption is fifty Karma points. A special reminder, this Storm Pear Needle has been used once, thus now it can be used up to twice. Reparation will require four hundred Karma points. Currently, you can exchange it for three hundred Karma points. After the reparation, you can exchange it for 500 Karma points.

“‘Eight Divine Steps’ upgraded to ‘Lightning Changes’. Forty Karma points consumed.”

The unemotional voice of the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms came. Meng Qi could not help cursing inwardly. The reparation of Storm Pear Needle is way too expensive! I can exchange for a new one. The Dominator is an utterly dishonest trader!

The Storm Pear Needle which could be used once needed four hundred Karma points. The triple-use one needed eight hundred Karma points, while the one with more uses was more than two thousand. But the effect of the Storm Pear Needle on masters from the Exterior was limited, it would be worthless even if he could use it frequently. So, the most worthwhile thing to do was exchange the drawings and study how to create it himself. The Storm Pear Needle’s drawing was only five hundred Karma points.

Meng Qi finished cursing and then swiftly put everything away. Though the Storm Pear Needle could be exchanged with considerable Karma points to exchange with other techniques, right now it would be the most important way to save his life!

After exchanging, Meng Qi had only fifty Karma points, so he had to walk out and read the jade book to find an adequate bladesmanship.

Shamefully even the Blade Art of Five Tigers Cracking the Gate was worth thirty Karma points, while the bladesmanship worth fifty Karma points, of course, did not have essential progress. It would be better to carefully mull over the Blade Art of Five Tigers Cracking the Gate than to exchange for these bladesmanships.

“Actually, the Blade Art of Five Tigers Cracking the Gate is not bad. Moves are easy but effective, and heroic manner is naturally shown in the great openings and closings. It’s not much worse than delicate bladesmanship, if you can master it.”

Zhang Yuanshan stopped here, and started to joke. “Zhen Ding, if you have a bladesmanship talent, in which you can know the bladesmanship’s true meaning from the fundamental ones, then you may dominate the world with just the Blade Art of Five Tigers Cracking the Gate. Just like Master Lu in Huamei Heights. He has practiced the Six Direction Sword Art exclusively for his entire life, while he literally earns a name as the First Sword in the World.”

“Talent I may have, but it needs years of hardship to understand the true meaning. And I have to take the Samsara mission as a priority. Alas, time has passed by, destiny has made fun of me, and the hero is being discouraged!” Meng Qi also answered with a joke. With melancholy, he stared into the distance, like a peerless master in distress. Suddenly he remembered something, “First Sword in the World?”

It was a huge name, not that easy to undertake!

While Xuan Xin was telling Jianghu stories, currently he had only introduced the schools and showed off his personal experiences. So Meng Qi knew little about the various famous persons of Jianghu, and he could only vaguely remember the words Huamei Heights and Master Lu.

When it came to the First Sword in the World, Jiang Zhiwei had a keen interest in sharing, “Master Lu was a descendant of an unknown armed escort, and he came from an ordinary family.

“Six Direction Sword Art and Geng Jin Mind Tactics. For decades, he never distracted his attention to other techniques. After experiencing numerous dangers and crises, he eventually understood the essence of swordsmanship. He promoted these two into matchless martial art, thus proving Geng Jin’s Immortal Body and created the school of Huamei Heights. Based on his experience, he had been given a nickname, ‘One Heart Sword’.

“My Master never admires others in his life, but he often speaks highly of Master Lu. He praises his full absorption and gain of the swordsman’s essence. My Master just wishes to prove Dharmakaya as quickly as possible and have a fair sword fight with him.”

Freak! Evil! Hearing Jiang Zhiwei’s description, Meng Qi’s mind only flashed these two words, for no others could express his shock inside. His experience might not be imitated by other people. Meng Qi himself definitely did not have the determination to do this.

Unrelated to the pressure of Samsara missions, Meng Qi clearly knew that he could not manage, at least right now he couldn’t. His nature of mind had not reached this level, maybe in the future after hardships, he could get close.

“What is Master Lu’s rank in Celestial Rankings?” After being “informed” of the Ranking List of Young Masters in the World, Meng Qi subconsciously asked this question.

Jiang Zhiwei’s look brightened up. With desire, she said, “Fourth. It’s not that he is worse than Master Kong Wen, but that he has left Jianghu for thirteen years, so the fight record is rare.”

“Thirteen years out of Jianghu?” Meng Qi asked with confusion.

Zhang Yuanshan nodded his head slightly, full of esteem. “Master Lu and Ms. Lu were deep in love. Since Ms. Ye passed away in an accident, he has built a cottage in front of the grave and buried himself in drawing and calligraphy, no longer troubled by the secular world.”

“So it’s heard that Master Lu’s power is in a slump. Alas, maybe his rank is going to be lower.” Qi Zhengyan was also from the sword school, so he really looked up to these leaders in swordsmanship.

Meng Qi grinned. “But how can I compare with Master Lu? I’d better choose a nice and good bladesmanship.”

Zhang Yuanshan nodded his head, “The Blade Art of Five Tigers Cracking the Gate is heroic, basically as an exact direction. If you want to exchange, choose a strange bladesmanship, then you can succeed with its peculiarity.”

“What Senior Brother Zhang said makes perfect sense,” Jiang Zhiwei agreed.

Hearing about the strange bladesmanship, Meng Qi was struck by a thought. He went through the Jade Book, and found a bladesmanship of which he had a memory.

Blood Bladesmanship!

This was a bladesmanship from the Blood Blade Sect in “A Deadly Secret”. Blood Blade ancestors ran wild with it, and it was famous for its peculiarity. Every cut was from an unbelievable direction.

“Eighty Karma points… ” Meng Qi read out the Karma points needed, and started to consider what he had that he could exchange for Karma points.

Jiang Zhiwei took a look at the description in Meng Qi’s Jade Bood, and laughed, “This bladesmanship is indeed suitable. Little monk, want to borrow some Karma points? I’m a good person, and I won’t ask for more points when you return. You just remember to practice with me by using Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship next time.”

“Sure.” Meng Qi answered without hesitation. For he’d found that unless he exchanged Storm Pear Needle, he would have no way to get enough points. Borrow and return could also improve team cohesiveness, as long as there was no repudiation.

“Junior Brother Zhen Ding, your suggestion just now is so priceless. I won’t ask for more points in return. I am lending you twenty Karma points. You can return them after the next mission.” Zhang Yuanshan said with a smile.

Qi Zhengyan said without any expression. “Ten points borrowed and twelve points to return, I can lend you thirty points.”

As the points from Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan were enough together, he said so.

Meng Qi was deeply moved by their good intention. But he said with a superficial exaggeration, “Senior Brother Qi, when did you become so generous?”

“Next mission, if you die because of your lack of bladesmanship, the Storm Pear Needle may be picked up by enemies, which is very dangerous.” Qi Zhengyan said seriously.

“This time you may break through the Enlightenment, right?” Zhang Yuanshan suddenly asked.

Qi Zhengyan nodded his head. “I’ll exchange for one Ganoderma Elixir of Restoration, and after one month I will try to break through with a Heavenly Acumen Pill. At that time, I’ll find an opportunity to go out on business with seniors, and use an encounter in the way as an excuse.”

His plan was thorough. After all, as a most normal disciple of the Huanhua Swords Sect, he’d never had any exceptional advantage at ordinary times. It would be easily suspected (that he’d been bought over by enemies and given the breaking-through elixir) if he suddenly broke through Enlightenment without depending on outside things. So he planned to create an encounter excuse. Anyhow, as such a big sect, one encounter of a Heavenly Acumen Pill was just a minor matter.

“If you succeed in Enlightenment, you may be taught the Sword Art of Afterglow and Autumn Water, right? Then there will be no need for you to exchange for other sword arts.” Zhang Yuanshan slightly nodded his head.

“Yes. But after I learn the Afterglow Knack and Autumn Water sword, I’ll exchange them to the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms.” Qi Zhengyan did not hide this time.

As a big sword sect, most of the Huanhua Swords Sect’s sword arts were power sutras. Like the Sword Art of Afterglow and Autumn Water, which included the Afterglow Knack and Autumn Water Sword. And the Long River Sword Art also included Sunset heart sutras.

Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan had their own insistence, but they never wanted to take charge of others’ business. Moreover, the Huanhua Swords Sect was not their sect. It would be fine as Qi Zhengyan was not betraying his companions.

Meng Qi had already gotten the Blood Bladesmanship with the Karma points borrowed from Zhang Yuanshan and Jiang Zhiwei. Hearing their words, he said in surprise, “Senior Brother Fang, will you exchange some secret technique?”

Even the Sword Art of Afterglow and Autumn Water was going to be exchanged to the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms. What Qi Zhengyan wanted must be something big!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46: Ways Out of Shaolin
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“I want to change to a completely different martial art, and learn it from the very beginning. The sooner the better,” having heard Meng Qi’s doubt, Qi Zhengyan said frankly.

“Brother Qi, are you not satisfied with your sword arts, the Long River Sword Art and the Sword Art of Afterglow and Autumn Water?” Jiang Zhiwei’s question was like her sword, straightforwardly to the point.

Qi Zhengyan pondered for a moment, and answered indirectly, “Given my qualifications and talent, and the overall impression I left on seniors of my sect, it is unrealistic to expect that the ‘Sword Art of Immortal-given Longevity’ should be imparted to me. I need to become very competent one day and entrusted as one of the future leaders. But even if that day comes, it will be too late for me to learn Longevity Sword Art well, for my foundation will be formed without being deeply entrenched and finely wrought. Therefore, I need to switch immediately to another martial art, which shall directly lead me to the Dharmakaya level.”

What he alluded to was that the two sword arts, the Long River Sword Art and the Sword Art of Afterglow and Autumn Water, both for the enlightenment period, stay at a much lower level. The Long River Sword Art was for common disciples of the Huanhua Swords Sect who were between the Qi-cultivation period and the enlightenment period; while Afterglow and Autumn Water was merely one of the excellent sword arts in the enlightenment period, and could pave the way to the Exterior.

In all the major sects, it was assumed that only the prodigy disciples, who had shown talents early, were expected to be imparted the sect-establishing martial arts through the Gist of Trueness before reaching Enlightenment. The rest of the disciples who had this ambition could only work ten times harder and seize every chance to show their merits to obtain the qualification. Often, their foundations were then already too rigid to adapt, and they struggled to make any progress. Only very few people could overcome this predicament and make further breakthroughs.

“If you aim high, it is indeed a good strategy.” Zhang Yuanshan thought carefully and actually agreed with Qi’s decision. “What do you want to change to?”

Qi Zhengyan puckered his mouth, his countenance showing some resolve as well as a bit of anxiety and excitement. “There is a certain Kung Fu I favor most, which consists of 10 layers—two of them for Qi-cultivation, three for Enlightenment, another three for the Exterior, and the last two for Dharmakaya. Different layers can be redeemed separately, and it is different from other Kung Fu methods in that it unconventionally emphasizes the Telepath with Heaven in the Qi-cultivation period, and encourages the connection between oneself and the outside universe. So, if one day I make it to the Exterior, things will become much easier.”

Since he needed to change to a different martial art anyway, why not pick a promising one with boundless power!

“I read specifically about this supreme martial art in the Exchange List, for it can also generate a super strong sword art.” Jiang Zhiwei gently patted her sword by her waist, surprised and exhilarated. “It is called the ‘Treasury of the Sky Realm’!”

“Puff!” Meng Qi almost spewed out his saliva. He coughed twice and said, “Senior Brother Qi, is it true?”

Damn, if not for my “going astray”, and having to continue my Heng training, but I also want to change to it! The reason is that it is divided into more layers compared to other Dharmakaya-level martial arts, which means its layers are suitable to be redeemed one by one, from easy to hard.

The “Treasury of the Sky Realm” was a supreme martial art in the novel Legend of Son of Heaven. Created by Mother Nvwa, if practiced perfectly, it could bring its practitioners the power to engulf everything and damage Heaven and Earth.

“You also paid attention to the ‘Treasury of the Sky Realm’?” Qi Zhengyan casually asked. “Its first layer ‘White Cloud Smoke’ and the second layer ‘Rosy Afterglow Swing’ are considered Kung Fu methods for the Qi-cultivation period, and need 40 and 80 Karma points respectively. Not too expensive. Even the third layer ‘Kunlun Crush’ costs only 200.

“I have to redeem the Heavenly Acumen Pill first and a bottle of Ganoderma Elixir of Restorations, so this time I can only afford ‘White Cloud Smoke’ and ‘Rosy Afterglow Swing’. When I finish learning the Sword Art of Afterglow and Autumn Water, I will exchange it to the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms. The remaining Karma points will be enough to redeem for ‘Kunlun Crush’.”

The Sword Art of Afterglow and Autumn Water was priced at 380 Karma points in the Exchange List, for it contained both heart sutras and sword art. If sold to the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms, it could fetch only 190 Karma points. If Qi Zhengyan taught it to Meng Qi, and they exchanged it respectively, they would get 95 Karma points each.

“So, 30 Karma points left for an emergency,” Zhang Yuanshan said tersely.

Qi Zhengyan slightly nodded. “Aye. I was going to redeem them for some concealed weapons, for we are still incompetent to defend ourselves. But, Since Junior Brother Zhen Ding has the Pearfower Storm Needles, I no longer have any concern about exchanging for the third layer of the ‘Treasury of The Sky Realm’.”

“Brother Qi, don’t you worry about being discovered practicing Kung Fu of other sects?” Seeing Qi Zhengyan had made up his mind, Meng Qi asked a question which he also worried about.

Qi Zhengyan was a bit dismal. “If there are other ways, why would I take this risk? Anyway, I am just a mediocre disciple who is too common to be noticed. After Enlightenment, I could apply for a peregrination or to guard some outside assets of my sect. Then I could be as free as a fish capering in the ocean or a bird soaring in the sky, and would not have any concern about practicing the ‘Treasury of The Sky Realm’. As long as I don’t spar too much with my sectmates, they won’t notice the inner foundation under my moves.”

Since the sword moves in the Autumn Water Sword Art and Qi-conducting paths in the Afterglow Chant were compulsory in his sect, and Sunset Heart Sutras provided him with an inner foundation, his sword-wielding would not betray much.

“You can travel down the mountain, but for me, that day is infinitely far away. Alas, I do want to leave Shaolin immediately, letting go of these apprehensions and fears.” Meng Qi stopped talking, but continued in his mind, “But best if I leave after I have mastered the Invincibility Skill or the Vajra Body Defending Divine Skill.”

But he knew if that happened, it would be even harder for him to leave Shaolin.

Jiang Zhwei burst into laughter. “Leave Shaolin? You haven’t yet learned Shaolin Precepts?”

“The book of precepts doesn’t say how to quit Shaolin, only the penalties for the violations of different precepts. The harshest punishment is to be exiled from Shaolin after de-martialization.” This meant that Meng Qi had no guts to try.

Jiang Zhiwei smiled slightly. “It doesn’t say, simply because it’s impossible.”

“What?” Meng Qi was shocked.

Jiang Zhiwei refrained her smile. “Finding a master and entering a sect is a truly serious thing. You have already taken an oath in the entering ceremony before Heaven and Earth. The only way to leave is to break a vital commandment and have your martial art deprived. I reckon you cannot afford the price?”

Before Meng Qi could respond, she moved on, “Of course, what I said is the official departure from Shaolin. If only to find a way downhill or be excused to peregrinate, there are surely other ways. First, you may go on errands under the supervision of elder monks, and during this time seize a chance to escape. But in general, only disciples who achieve advanced success in Qi-cultivation could be picked, and with the elders accompanying, it will be surely difficult to escape.

“Second, after you are Enlightened, you could break out of Bronzemen Lane to win the qualification of peregrinating or running errands alone downhill. You could feign your own death or go missing and repudiate Shaolin. But Shaolin’s Bronzemen Lane is well-renowned for its deterrence, and for now, I myself don’t have the odds over six out of ten to pass it. You may still have to wait several years. After all, since everybody would watch when you are breaking the Lane, you may not rely on the redemptions from the Dominator of Samsara to improve your body too quickly.

“Third, contribute something and look for a chance to turn to a secular disciple. Then you can ‘go home’ with all your learnings.”

Hearing the three ways, Meng Qi frowned. “None of them are practical in the short term. Maybe turning to a secular disciple is easier, but the only problem is that I was forced into Shaolin in the custody of Xuan Zang. Will he agree to let me convert to a secular disciple and ‘go home’?”

Listening for a while quietly, Zhang Yuanshan suddenly sighed. “If Junior Brother Zhen Ding were still a Chores Monk, he would be able to leave the temple after his service. We did the wrong thing.”

“It doesn’t matter. Others may leave, but I can’t.” Meng Qi knew this very well. “Xuan Zang would not allow me to leave the temple after the service anyway.”

So, now I need to disguise myself well, be careful and make plans step by step. I shall never let go of any chance to learn the 72 Ultimate Arts!

After a period of silence, Qi Zhengyan went to the light beam. He exchanged a Pill of Heavenly Acumen, a bottle of Ganoderma Elixir of Restorations, and two Heaven Crystals containing the first two layers of the ‘Treasury of The Sky Realm’. In one crystal, white clouds flowed like smoke, and in the other, afterglows glowed like blood. Both the crystals were riveting with their unusual beauty.

“I do not know if they are authentic or not… ” Meng Qi was quite suspicious, because the Heaven Crystals carrying the ‘Treasury of The Sky Realm’ were all unique. The Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms could not be so generous as to have given authentic ones to Qi Zhengyan.

“Crystals imparting Kung Fu through the Gist of Trueness? What a supreme martial art leading directly to the Dharmakaya level,” Zhang Yuanshan acclaimed.

Hearing this, Meng Qi suddenly had a funny thought, “Perhaps these two crystals are pirated versions duplicated by the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms.”

Looking at the crystals in his palm, Qi Zhengyan took some deep breaths and trembled slightly. From this moment on, he would usher himself into a new future!

After redemption, Meng Qi thought of something previous talked about, and asked, “Lady Jiang, are you now enrolled in the Ranking List of Young Masters?”

Jiang Zhiwei smiled and said, “I have not formally declared myself downhill and practiced in Jianghu, but for the previous martial art tourney and the opening of four Acupoints, I manage to rank last.”

Speaking of the Ranking List of Young Masters, she wrinkled her ebony brows. “If my speculation is correct, Little Zi and Gu Xiaosang should be the same person, but why did she have zero Kung Fu at first? I don’t think I could be wrong about this.”

“Ah, schizophrenia? No, two souls in one body?” Meng Qi was obfuscated.

Jiang Zhiwei puckered her lips. “I do not know. Even if two souls were in one body, the foundation of her flesh would not disappear. I would have perceived it if she learned martial arts.”

She was rather upset about her imperceptions.

“The Advent of Ajati Matriarch is known for its abstrusity. Perhaps it is one of the effects of its sorcerous arts,” Zhang Yuanshan conjectured.

Jiang Zhiwei bulged her cheeks. “Maybe, or maybe it’s the glitch she had mentioned before.”

“Anyway, Gu Xiaosang is sophisticatedly evil and egregiously atrocious, with martial arts attaining such a high level. In the future, she will surely be ranked in the Black List.” Zhang Yuanshan sighed.

“Black List?” Meng Qi felt like a country bumpkin.

Jiang Zhiwei chuckled. “This list consists of formidable devils and devious masters, and is made by the major sects and schools. It only lists the top 100. HoHo, in fact, its main function is to tell disciples to stay far away from them before possessing the strength of the Exterior level.”

Suddenly, the grand, cold voice of the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms reverberated:

“Exchange completed. Put away your items and return to your own world.”

Meng Qi thought for an instant and left the Pearfower Storm Needles in his own “room”.

…

After a blackout and a lightening-up, Meng Qi opened his eyes and saw Zhen Hui concentrating in meditation and Qi-harmonization, his head emanating white steam.

He smiled and began to ruminate on the first move of Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship.

At that time, someone clapped upon the door, shouting, “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, Junior Brother Zhen Hui, President Wu Si would like to see you in the Bodhi Yard.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47: Unexpected Fortune
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

In an otherwise average-looking courtyard stood a number of strong, healthy Bodhi trees, creating a canopy of deep green shade.

This courtyard was known as the Bodhi Yard, a place in the Shaolin Temple devoted to studying the Teachings of Buddhism and understanding Zen. It could be compared to the Dharma Yard, a place devoted to practicing martial arts. The Elders in the Bodhi Yard, however, were all highly skilled in martial arts, no less so than those of the Dharma Yard, in the likeness of Luohan.

The reason for this was that Shaolin was a branch of Buddhism. Almost all master Kung Fu techniques required a clean Zen heart. The deeper the understanding of the Teachings of Buddhism and the more desires were abandoned, the more likely to reach Enlightenment, resulting in rapid progress in martial arts.

Within the Bodhi Yard, in a meditation room with only a few hassocks, sat an old monk. His appearance was like that of an old dried up tree; only a few rare eyebrows and whiskers remained on his face. He knocked on a wooden fish and said in a hollow voice, “Nephew Xuan Bei, why do you insist on taking Zhen Ding as a disciple?”

The handsome but gloomy Xuan Bei had not yet opened his mouth when another kind-eyed monk said leisurely, “Nephew Xuan Bei, I am not opposed to you taking Zhen Hui as a disciple; the Deacon Monks of the Chores Yard and the Warrior-monk Yard all commend him as earnest, and he is suitable to go with the Teachings of Buddhism. But Zhen Ding is another case. In the Chores Yard, he has shown himself to have an unstable temper and he is prone to trickery. In the Warrior-monk Yard, he has shown himself to be a bully with no compassion. How then can we take him as a disciple of Shaolin?”

The dried-up old monk added, “Zhen Ding indeed has had some great achievements, but when it comes to who to pass Shaolin on to, his temperament must be the most important thing to be considered. A disciple does not need to be completely pure with no trickery in his heart, but at the very least he cannot be domineering or have the tendency to bully. Take my advice, and you’d better let him choose a special technique of storing Qi as a reward.”

The custom was for the Elders of the Bodhi Yard and Dharma Yard to observe the monks in the Chores Yard and the Warrior-monk Yard, and then consult with the Deacon Monks. Then, they would select which disciples to pass on the ways of Shaolin to.

Of course, this selection process could only be successful to a certain degree. Every generation was bound to have a few monks go astray, betraying the Temple and Buddha. They would be polished on the outside but rotten on the inside. In fact, there were already some older monks in the Dharma Yard who had become stubborn and unteachable. Towards those young disciples who were being trained, the elders encouraged them with the Teachings of Buddhism to avoid them wandering astray in the future.

Xuan Bei had wrinkles near the corner of his eyes from frowning. He stared into the distance and emptily said, “Uncle Masters, Zhen Ding has not been a bully in the Warrior-monk Yard. It is Zhen Liang who is inclined to bully others and show off. Zhen Ding is prone to taking action when he sees injustice, and though his actions may not always be right, his heart is not evil.”

He entered the temple later without a solid foundation in his life, so he was used to speaking like a martial-arts fighter, not a monk.

The monks at present were all of the “Wu” generation, so Xuan Bei addressed them as “Uncle Masters”. The number of monks in the temple who remained with the name of “Kong” was less than five.

“Fight violence with violence? Is that true to the Gist of Trueness?” asked the kind-eyed old monk as he shook his head.

The dried-up old monk said without any feeling, “Nephew Xuan Bei, have some patience. Why not let Zhen Ding remain in the Warrior-monk Yard for a bit longer until his temper is leveled through discipline?”

Xuan Bei turned towards the old monk, put his palms together and respectfully said, “Zhen Ding is young, moldable, and possesses an easily excitable temperament. You cannot blindly force him to change through discipline. Amitabha. Uncle Master Wu Si, please grant my humble request.”

The dried-up old monk was named Wu Si. He was the head of the Bodhi Yard. He also was His Abbotship Kong Wen’s first disciple, and Xuan Bei’s formal master, whose Master was Kong Wen’s younger disciple named Wu Kong, but had passed away from the attacks of evil demons before he entered the temple.

The kind-eyed monk’s face fell and he said, “If he cannot accept discipline, then how can he learn the Teachings of Buddhism? Nephew Xuan Bei, why must you insist on taking on this disciple?”

Back to the same question.

He was without any distraction, yet Xuan Bei did not reply.

Wu Si knocked on the wooden fish and said, “Brother Wu Xiang, we all have the freedom to choose anyone to take on as a disciple, we need not discuss this any longer. Nephew Xuan Bei will have to take responsibility for his decision.”

What he really meant was that if his disciple made a mistake one day, the master himself would be punished.

Xuan Bei nodded slowly. “I understand.”

…

Looking at the dense green Bodhi trees, Meng Qi felt agitated and unsettled. Because he had received the award of the Bodhi Yard, he had not chosen to exchange for martial arts in the World of Samsara. Therefore, if his will could not come true, his martial arts progress would come to a standstill and it would be impossible for him to make great progress, thus making the next Samsara mission very dangerous.

Under normal circumstances, Pearfower Storm Needles, Bloody-Sword Bladesmanship, Ganoderma Elixir of Restoration, and Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship would be learned after he had mastered the fundamentals.

If he had not received the award of the Bodhi Yard, Meng Qi would probably have chosen to study martial arts and Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship, and at most, let Jiang Zhiwei and other friends collect a quiver of poison needles for him to equip himself with it.

He looked at the Bodhi trees, and then looked at Zhen Hui who was walking next to him. A question rose up in Meng Qi’s mind, “If I am here to receive my award, then why let this Junior Brother accompany me?”

This question was the reason why he was upset.

“Junior Brother, what have you done recently?” Meng Qi could not help but ask.

Zhen Hui counted off on his fingers and replied honestly, “I go to class, fetch water, eat breakfast, study, eat lunch, practice martial arts, eat dinner, meditate, listen to stories, and sleep. Senior Brother, this is what I have done. Oh, also, I scolded the Commandment Yard.”

“That’s not what I meant.” Meng Qi looked at the sky. “Do you know why you are allowed to come to the Bodhi Yard?”

Zhen Hui looked at Meng Qi with wide eyes. “Senior Brother, do you know the reason?”

He looked as if he had wanted to know it too.

“I don’t know either,” Meng Qi covered his face and replied.

After opening the gate to the courtyard, the two followed a young monk into a meditation room. Inside sat two older monks, both wearing yellow frocks and red cassocks. One looked around 40 years old. He was handsome but had a gloomy aura in him. It was Xuan Bei, who Meng Qi had seen before. The other monk resembled an old dried-up tree. His face was covered with wrinkles and nearly all of his beard and eyebrows had fallen out.

“Elder Master, Uncle Master, I’ve brought Zhen Ding and Zhen Hui.” The young monk bowed respectfully and left the room.

“I am Wu Si, head of the Bodhi Yard.” Hearing the dried-up old monk say this, Meng Qi and Zhen Hui quickly bowed in respect.

Wu Si distantly stated, “Zhen Hui, Xuan Bei wants to take you as a disciple. Are you willing?”

“What?” Meng Qi was shocked, but then the shock turned to ease. So the reason why Zhen Hui was asked to come was that he had been chosen by Xuan Bei, which had nothing to do with Meng Qi’s award.

This guy was so dull, and yet had been chosen by such a highly skilled master. Meng Qi felt slightly jealous, but this emotion quickly faded. There were two reasons for this. For one thing, Zhen Hui was his good friend so he felt genuinely happy for him, and for another thing, Meng Qi had his own great secret, which would make it difficult to train under a master. So he had better learn some techniques while blending in with everyone else. When the opportunity came, he would leave Shaolin.

At first, a confused expression passed across Zhen Hui’s face. It was followed by a look of happiness and hesitancy. He knelt to the ground and said, “Your disciple is willing, but I have one request.”

“Usually disciples are overwhelmed with gratitude when they are chosen, no one ever comes with a request!” Wu Si lightheartedly scolded him. Faced with such a simple and innocent child as Zhen Hui, Wu Si did not feel annoyed.

Xuan Bei was not angry either, he nodded and said, “You are pure and honest. What is your request then?”

Zhen Hui did not lift his head. In a low and deep voice, he said, “Master, please take Senior Brother Zhen Ding as a disciple as well.”

“What?” Meng Qi felt shocked once again, followed by a welling up of emotion. He did treat Zhen Hui well, often giving him guidance, but most of his energy was focused towards escaping the pressure brought on by his unknown crossing—the loneliness of being in a foreign land and the World of Samsara—so he could not say that his care towards Zhen Hui was completely sincere. Who would have thought that Zhen Hui would repay him with such an act of gratitude!

The corners of Xuan Bei’s mouth rose into a grin and his gloominess lightened a bit. “You truly have love for your brother.”

Hearing this, Meng Qi snapped back to his senses and resentfully looked at Zhen Hui. “Junior Brother, I know you are kind-hearted, but your Senior Brother does not want to study under a master! Please don’t create problems with your good intentions!”

He looked at Zhen Hui, and then earnestly at Xuan Bei. “Do not agree, please do not satisfy his request!”

“Zhen Ding, I can sense your desire. Being that Zhen Hui has made this request, I cannot help but grant it,” Xuan Bei answered. Though the smile on his face was slight, he was not displeased at all.

Seeing the smile on Xuan Bei’s face, Wu Si said nothing, and only let out a sigh. Since entering Shaolin, Nephew Xuan Bei rarely smiled.

“There is no need to force the issue!” Meng Qi wanted to poke out his own eyes. Under these circumstances, there was no way he could say no, it would be far too unusual.

At most, one out of a hundred monks would decline an Elder’s invitation, only if he had had a better option.

“Forget it. I’m looking for a chance to leave this place anyways. Perhaps under the instruction of a Master, that day will come even sooner!” Meng Qi suddenly came to this realization and knelt to the ground. “Master, I am your disciple.”

After a bit of preparation, Meng Qi and Zhen Hui were officially named Xuan Bei’s disciples in the Bodhi Yard. Many elders and monks from the Bodhi and Dharma Yards served as witnesses, and also Deacon Monks from the Commandment Yard and the Sundries Yard recorded the event.

When Xuan Kong, who was representing the Commandment Yard, entered the Bodhi Yard and saw Meng Qi and Zhen Hui kneeling before Xuan Bei, the blood drained from his face. With voice trembling, he asked the other monks, “They are becoming his disciples?”

After receiving confirmation, he was at first dumbfounded, and then utterly annoyed. Had he known Xuan Bei was going to choose Zhen Ding and Zhen Hui as his disciples, he would not have needed to arrange for Zhen Ding to miss the day when disciples were chosen. This would reflect poorly on him!

Seeing Xuan Kong’s expression, Meng Qi’s mood drastically improved and he suddenly felt much better about becoming a disciple.

This is just the way I am!

After an impressive ceremony, Meng Qi and Zhen Hui officially became disciples of Shaolin and also of His Abbotship.

…

“Now that you are my disciples, you can choose a technique to focus on. If your heart is Zen and you understand the Teachings of Buddhism, you can learn ‘Mo-Ke Exorcism Punch’ and ‘True Scripture from Grand Phantasia’. At the same time, you will have the opportunity to learn ‘Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture’ and observe the third stage of ‘The Buddha’s Palm’.” According to the usual practice, Xuan Bei gave his new disciples, Meng Qi and Zhen Hui, a positive outlook of their rosy prospects.

Of course, the chances that they would see “The Buddha’s Palm” or learn “Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture” were extremely slim among the lineal disciples.

Hearing this, Meng Qi got a little excited, but he had already been through a few cycles of reincarnation and knew that all this talk was empty. What was important was to choose a technique from the 72 Ultimate Arts to learn.

“After observing me, Master will surely decide that I am suited to learn such techniques as Form Denial Finger or Flower-pinching Finger. Unfortunately, I will let him down, because I must focus on learning Golden Bell Shield or Vajra Unbreakable Force.” Meng Qi comforted himself as he mulled over his situation.

“Zhen Ding, you choose Golden Bell Shield,” Xuan Bei said quietly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48: Xuan Bei’s Reason
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Meng Qi winced. “This is indeed a fate inescapable!”

Of course, a dream was merely a dream, and bitter pleasure was a kind of pleasure anyway. He clearly understood that he had to continue running on this “sidetrack”, although further and further away from his dream. “I could only blame myself for having virtually no defensive skills to survive the World of Samsara at the very beginning. This choice was inevitable.”

And as I already made my decision, I shall stop all the complaints and forgo lassitude, and strive my best on this path.

Besides, following this way doesn’t necessarily mean I will betray my “dream”!

Recently, already familiar with the martial arts in the Exchange List, Meng Qi had already designed an agenda to improve his major Kung Fu with the help of other auxiliary Kung Fu methods.

It was not Meng Qi’s intention to stay as a monk in Shaolin forever, learning mainly Buddhist Kung Fu methods. He also desired some other supreme martial arts, which could ideally be compatible with Iron Shirt, Golden Bell Shield, and other Buddhist Kung Fu methods that he had learned.

Hehe, it won’t matter that Senior Brother Qi redeemed the “Treasury of The Sky Realm” ahead of me. My real target is “Eight Nine Mysteries”!

Seeing Meng Qi’s expression changing incessantly, Xuan Bei smiled and shook his head. “You are not as good as Zhen Hui. His mind and intention are unisonous, steadfast, and attentive, which conforms to the Gist of Trueness of Buddhism. That’s the reason why I let him learn the supreme art, ‘Flower-pinching Finger’.”

Zhen Hui, totally oblivious of being mentioned by his master, was still muddled and looking at Meng Qi, who had told him before that he longed so much for Shaolin supreme arts like Mo-Ke Finger, Flower-pinching Finger, Form Denial Finger, and Cross Lake as One Reed, etc. Maybe that was why Senior Brother was a little unhappy.

“But you have a scampering disposition, and probably would run into many dangers in the future when practicing in Jianghu. Besides, you have a foundation of Iron Shirt, so it is best that you learn Golden Bell Shield and Vajra Unbreakable Force.” Xuan Bei resembled not a harsh master, but explained avuncularly. “Between the two supreme arts, certainly Vajra Unbreakable Force is better, for it could help claim the ‘Acala’s Dharmakaya’. But your temperament is composed, your personality is frivolous and fickle, and you have earned nothing from Buddhist Teachings. If you practice Vajra Unbreakable Force without full preparation and lead yourself to Acala’s Path, you may be overwhelmed by the hatred and anger, and fall into Asura’s Sea of Woes.

“Therefore, you practice Golden Bell Shield first, grinding away the impulsive and flamboyant part of your nature. If successful, it won’t be too late to practice Vajra Unbreakable Force.”

Seeing that Xuan Bei was considering totally for his sake, Meng Qi was less alert. “Master, who won’t be too late for?” he asked curiously.

Brother Qi changed his major Kung Fu exactly because of this. He feared that he would not get any chance to learn supreme art until he reached the Exterior, after which he would still face the problem of a feeble foundation and struggle to make progress.

Xuan Bei shook his head again and smiled. “You indeed haven’t worked hard on your Buddhist lessons. Acala, the Immovable Wisdom King, also known as the Immovable Vajra, is a level sublimated from Vajra Dharmakaya, which is to be achieved after mastering Golden Bell Shield. The two martial arts are like father and son. Certainly, it won’t be too late.”

Meng Qi suddenly realized, and he was a bit excited. “Master, when can I start training Golden Bell Shield?”

Ghosts know when the next mission of Samsara will begin. I want to start training as soon as possible. My Ganoderma Elixir of Restoration needs to be used!

“These two supreme arts have already been copied by me. You shall start tomorrow.” Xuan Bei pointed to two thick sheets of paper on the teaboard. “However, before you are Enlightened, you can only read the first four sections of Golden Bell Shield.”

In the vast majority of sects and schools, the impartation of paramount martial arts was always cautious and careful. Only after reaching a new level could one be instructed corresponding content. It was to prevent disciples from mutinying or degenerating.

Meng Qi nodded heavily. “You will have my obedience.”

Having figured out his own affairs, Meng Qi began concerning himself for his Junior Brother. “Master, what kind of Dharmakaya can Flower-pinching Finger claim?”

When it came to the rumors of Jianghu and the classics of martial arts, Zhen Hui had always been keen. With the finish of his Senior Brother’s concern, he looked eagerly at Master Xuan Bei, waiting for his reply.

Xuan Bei’s profound melancholy burst into laughter, which was quite uncommon. He started to talk as a loving father to his lovely son. “Flower-pinching Finger is the first among our Shaolin’s 72 Ultimate Arts. It directly derived from the third move of The Buddha’s Palm. Patriarch Dharma claimed with it the Kassapa’s Dharmakaya, one of Buddhist Fruits of Great Arhat.

“It has stringent requirements that practitioners must have his heart and mind unified, and must not be distracted by other ultimate arts. Even so, it is very difficult to accomplish. Therefore, for generations, few monks had chosen it. But I reckon Zhen Hui’s temperament is quite suitable to it than to other arts. Zhen Hui, how do you think? If you object, I won’t force you.”

Before Meng Qi could talk, Zhen Hui exclaimed with his eyes shining brightly, “Your humble disciple is willing! Uncle Xuan Xin said Great Arhat is the same as the Great Bodhisattva, and they are both Dharmakayas second only to the Buddhist Fruit of Great Buddha.”

“This guy has always been like this!” Meng Qi looked up at the beam helplessly.

Xuan Bei shook his head while smiling. “Then you ought to be ready for decades of routine days.”

On this point, he was quite sure of Zhen Hui.

After their major arts were confirmed, Meng Qi was reassured, and asked curiously, “Master, many of the 72 Ultimate Arts were created by Patriarch Dharma, so why could he accomplish the practice of Flower-pinching Finger, which requires no distractions?”

“Among those arts, there were some realized by Patriarch Dharma when he was refining The Buddha’s Palm. While he didn’t practice it, he just made the scripture perfect later after he claimed Kassapa’s Dharmakaya. Another some were created after he claimed Dharmakaya, and also some were achieved before he learned The Buddha’s Palm.” Xuan Bei seemed quite conscientious when answering students’ questions.

“No wonder.” Meng Qi knew he was as keen as Zhen Hui on inquiring about all kinds of stories and anecdotes in Jianghu. “But, hadn’t Patriarch Dharma also accomplished Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture?”

There was no trace of impatience on Xuan Bei’s expression. “Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture is a peerless wonderful art, capable of transforming rot into a miracle. It could improve the effectiveness of other arts when combined with them, and even help breakthrough their original limits. In addition, it could also shorten the period of their practice manyfold. However, mastering it alone can not help claim any Golden Body, nor develop into any palm art or lightness skill. Its specialty determines that it can work with Flower-pinching Finger.”

No wonder… Meng Qi’s “no wonder” referred to the many chapters of Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture on the Exchange List, which, unlike other martial arts of Shaolin, did not say it could evolve into a corresponding new stage. It was because they were totally different.

At that moment, Zhen Hui asked with his pre-puberty voice, “Master, can Flower-pinching Finger eventually evolve into The Buddha’s Palm?”

Meng Qi looked down at the ground. “This guy knows so little and it is embarrassing to stand beside him!”

Xuan Bei didn’t get angry, but smiled. “For any Buddhist supreme arts practitioner, as long as he manages to see Bodhi’s Gist of Trueness, he could evolve his art all the way to The Buddha’s Palm.”

“Master, Uncle Xuan Xin used to mention in his stories that the Golden Body of the Merciful Guan Yin Bodhisattva, which belongs to Shui Yue Nunnery, is a kind of Maha Bodhisattva’s Dharmakaya, which is only second to the Golden Body of Buddha and the Golden Body of Bodhi. I have been wondering if there is anything in our Shaolin that could compete with it. Now the question is resolved. And, is there anything else in our temple leading to the realm of Dharmakaya?”

Meng Qi shifted the topic and tried to inquire some information for future exchange. The explanation of Xuan Bei must be more detailed than that of the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms.

Xuan Bei pondered a moment. “As for the Dharmakaya, the first we have is the third move of The Buddha’s Palm, A Smile on Pinching a Flower. It is a pity that we don’t have the complete nine moves, and the Primary Instruction is lost, therefore we are unable to claim the Golden Body of Buddha. The Maha Exorcism Fist, practiced by me, ruminates on the reincarnation between life and death and leads to Ksitigarbha’s Golden Body, which belongs to Buddhist Fruits of Maha Bodhisattva. Unfortunately, I don’t have the Underworld Soul Releasing Taoist Scripture, and can only reach a level half-step to Dharmakaya.”

“The Underworld Soul Releasing Taoist Scripture ?” Meng Qi vaguely remembered this item on the Exchange List. It was a complete version!

“The True Scripture from Grand Phantasia is also like this.” Xuan Bei continued, “Without the last parts, it can only help claim Dreaming Luohan’s Golden Body. I guess if it were complete, it could be one of the paramount arts in Buddhism, the Great Code of Attesting Dharma in Dreams, which would help claim Amida’s Golden Body.”

Xuan Bei continued, “Among the 72 Ultimate Arts, only 18 of them lead directly to the realm of Dharmakaya. They are called the Inner Eighteen. The other 54 arts are only moves or skills, some of which are relatively low, and some of which could be sublimated to the corresponding art in the Inner Eighteen. In the Inner Eighteen, we have Flower-pinching Finger, Vajra Unbreakable Force, Golden Bell Shield, Form Denial Finger, Deadwood Divine Kung Fu… ”

After having enjoyed his master’s introduction of the Inner Eighteen, Meng Qi thought of himself, and asked casually, “Master, Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship, is it only about blade moves?”

“Yes.” Xuan Bei looked puzzledly at Meng Qi. “Why ask this?”

Meng Qi had long ago prepared a good reason. He smiled and said, “Master, I have always been keen on blade art, and also learned a few sets before, and then I heard about this art from Uncle Xuan Xin and started to wonder what it would be like. So I asked you out of curiosity.”

In later days, I will inevitably practice bladesmanship a lot, and it will be impossible to keep Master from knowing. His level is close to the Exterior. It is better that I confess now.

It is just… so sad to say that I love using the blade!

I have gone so far on this sidetrack!

Xuan Bei slightly nodded. “The blade intent of Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship is contradictory to Buddhism, so it is very difficult for Shaolin monks, especially for those who have reached higher levels already. Therefore, for generations, there are only a few people accomplished in this bladesmanship. Oftentimes, it is only used in the enlightenment period. If you are interested, after your Enlightenment, you would be allowed to borrow the scriptures on the third and fourth floor of the Sutras Depository Tower.

“In your routine days, when you have problems with the practice of bladesmanship, come ask me. Although I am not good in this area, all martial arts are interrelated. One understanding leads to a hundred clarities.”

According to Shaolin Precepts, one could only practice one supreme art before Enlightenment. And even after Enlightenment, most people would not choose other arts because of the need to focus on their major art. So for generations, excluding the masters of the Dharmakaya level whose one understanding could lead to a hundred clarities, there was Hecto-dexterous Holy Monk, who had learned supreme arts of highest diversity, 37 in total, but exactly because of this miscellany, he failed to claim the Golden Body.

After Meng Qi thanked Master with sincerity, he pretended to be curious and asked, “Master, have we ever caught Zhen Guan? Where did the secret passage lead to?”

What are the differences and similarities between the secret passages of the two different worlds?

“One step late. He already went downhill by the cliff and was escorted away by his disguised company. If you come across him one day, you must be careful, for his flesh probably changed to half-demon.” Xuan Bei did not conceal any truth. “The secret passage leads to under the stupa, which suppresses the demons and devils. There are already some demons and devils that escaped. Fortunately, we discovered this early.”

“I can not imagine how they dug out that clandestine tunnel under the guard of master monks.” Meng Qi deliberately directed the topic.

Xuan Bei firmly shook his head. “They did not dig. They just took advantage of a relic tunnel that already existed.”

“Relic tunnel?” Meng Qi palpitated with excitement.

As a master of such a level, Xuan Bei certainly perceived the change of Meng Qi’s heartbeat. He said gravely, “It is not a place for you to have magical encounters. You better not get close to it without having strength above the Exterior level. Okay, it is a sensitive affair. Do not ask more until you are eligible one day.”

Meng Qi inhibited his impetus to inquire more. “Master, do you have other biddings?”

Xuan Bei nodded. “Go back to the Warrior-monk Yard, bring your stuff and move here. Zhen Ding, tomorrow I am taking you to a special training place. With your foundation of Iron Shirt, you can take advantage of this place and accomplish the first three sections of Golden Bell Shield.”

“Ah? What special place?” Meng Qi was very curious, but Xuan Bei just smiled tacitly. He then went back to the Warrior-monk Yard with Zhen Hui, with his heart wondering.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49: The Special Training Place
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

There were only a few stars in the night sky, for the moon was especially bright. The north wind was blowing a chill harshly into their bones. Meng Qi and Zhen Hui were walking back to the Warrior-monk Yard.

“Little brother, thank you for begging Master to take me also as his apprentice,” Meng Qi said, after being silent for a while.

Although this was not what he really wanted, the loyalty of his little brother was still worthy of his thanks.

Zhen Hui walked swiftly and appeared very happy. He said lightheartedly, “It has nothing to do with me. Master had long ago wanted to take you as his apprentice.”

“What? How did you know?” Meng Qi asked in surprise.

Zhen Hui turned his head and looked at him oddly. “I have long ago finished transcribing the two scriptures.”

“That’s right! Why haven’t I thought of this!” Meng Qi suddenly realized, looking up and down at Zhen Hui. “Does this guy have true wisdom under asininity?”

Zhen Hui was a little discomfited by his stare. He shrank his neck. “Brother, I did not eat your food.”

“Eh?” Meng Qi narrowed his eyes. “No wonder I was feeling starved during the isolation days! I thought hunger was a part of the punishment!”

During the isolation, the meals were delivered to their room.

Zhen Hui backed away a few steps. Meng Qi clenched his teeth but said, “Never mind, you are at a crucial period opening up Dantian, and need sufficient food.”

“Hmmm!” Zhen Hui nodded honestly.

While talking, the two returned to the Warrior-monk Yard. Hardly had they entered the meditation room when over came Zhen Yong, who heard the door open.

“Junior Brother Zhen Ding, Junior Brother Zhen Hui, you are really blessed by Buddha. Chosen by Uncle Xuan Bei as his apprentices!” He greeted them with a compliment, but also a bit of envy.

Meng Qi laughed. “Of which I did not expect it either. I thought I would be rewarded with one of the 72 Ultimate Arts.”

“Alas, I was scared then, or else… what a pity… ” Zhen Yong sighed and grumbled, regretting having chosen to ignore the anomaly and spare the trouble.

After the incident in the back of the mountain, Meng Qi was not as close to him as before, but he still consoled him with few words. “I was rewarded for the discovery, but Junior Brother Zhen Hui was rewarded for his wonderful performance in the Warrior-monk Yard and the Chores Yard. Brother Zhen Yong, you will also have chances.”

“I hope so, Buddha of Amitabha. May all the buddhas and bodhisats above heaven be just.” Zhen Yong sighed. He put away his envious, jealous, and remorseful expression and braced up some cheerfulness. “After becoming an apprentice of Uncle Xuan Bei, you will certainly learn the 72 Ultimate Arts. I wonder, what arts have you chosen?”

“I will do Golden Bell Shield, and Junior Brother Zhen Hui will do Flower-pinching Finger,” Meng Qi answered while packing, for there was no need to hide this kind of thing.

Zhen Yong froze for a moment. “Flower-pinching Finger? Junior Brother Zhen Hui, have you truly picked Flower-pinching Finger?”

His tone was a bit strange. Meng Qi raised his head. “Senior Brother Zhen Yong, is there anything wrong?”

Zhen Yong shook his head and smiled. “Nothing wrong. I am just worried about Junior Brother Zhen Hui, for Flower-pinching Finger is very difficult to practice, and it cannot be distracted by other supreme arts. But Junior Brother Zhen Hui has always been an attentive person. I shouldn’t have worried about this.”

Then he turned to Zhen Hui with an envious expression. “Junior Brother Zhen Hui, Flower-pinching Finger is derived directly from The Buddha’s Palm, and it is the first among our Shaolin’s 72 Ultimate Arts. You shall apply yourself. I looked forward to having my martial arts advised by you.”

“Sure.” Zhen Hui still focused on cleaning up the clothing.

Zhen Yong knew his temperament and took no offense. He turned to Meng Qi, saying, “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, as you have the foundation of Iron Shirt, Golden Bell Shield is a wonderful choice, but why not Vajra Unbreakable Force? It is even better, and there’s no contradiction.”

Meng Qi would certainly not use Xuan Bei’s explanation to scoff at himself again. He smiled and said, “My master chose it for me. I don’t know the reason either.”

“Aye, Uncle Xuan Bei is a sublime master. He must have a significant reason.” Zhen Yong nodded and smiled again. “Senior Brothers, I assume I can often count on your help when the occasion comes.”

“Certainly.” Meng Qi did not want to be troubled by this topic. He looked at the dark night outside the window. “Senior Brother Zhen Yong, is there anything important that happened during the time I was isolated?”

Zhen Ding thought for a moment. “There is one thing. Martial Uncles have come to select apprentices, but it has nothing to do with you. Ah, there is another thing. Senior Brother Zhen Chang has broken through Bronzemen Lane, and went downhill to peregrinate.”

“Senior Brother Zhen Chang? Bronzemen Lane?” Meng Qi recalled a lanky young monk, who was the strongest one among the “Zhen” generation. He was also a part-time Teaching Monk in the Warrior-monk Yard, but his sparring partners were warrior monks practicing in Luohan Formation.

The first time that he saw him, Meng Qi had only one thought: “This guy would be a wonderful actor to cast as Tang Seng. He has red lips and white teeth, slender and tall, and as gentle as a young scholar, the favorite type for female demons.” But after Zhen Yong’s introduction, he finally knew it was him whose name was Zhen Chang, the strongest one among the “Zhen” generation.

Zhen Yong nodded his head assertively. “Yes. After a period of hermetic training, Senior Brother Zhen Chang has enlightened his Ear Aperture and accomplished the primary level of Luohan Exorcism Fist and Prajna Palm. Then he directly broke through Bronzemen Lane, becoming the youngest peregrinating disciple ever.”

“He’s done that with only Ear Aperture opened?” Meng Qi remembered what Jiang Zhiwei had mentioned, that she, with Four Acupores of ears and eyes opened, had no better odds above six out of ten to break through Bronzemen Lane. Zhen Chang had opened just Ear Aperture. How could he have made it?

Zhen Yong looked out of the window, and said with suppressed voice, “I heard that his battle with Bronzemen was very intense. He almost lost, but managed to pass with a bit of luck.”

“So was it.” Meng Qi reacted thoughtfully.

Zhen Yong went on, “Senior Brother Zhen Chang is the first monk to enter the enlightenment period among our ‘Zhen’ generation. He was able to open his Ear Aperture earlier, but because he was far stronger than Brothers Zhen Ben and Zhen Miao, he delayed the hermetic training for the tourney, though he was eventually defeated by Jiang Zhiwei of the Sword Washing Pavilion. Now that he made the progress after the hermetic training, it was natural for him to pass the Lane.”

According to Shaolin’s rules, Zhen Chang, as the first who entered the enlightenment period, should be entitled the Eldest Brother in the “Zhen” generation.

With a curious air, Meng Qi inquired the details about Bronzemen Lane. After he was contented with the information, he took his luggage and left the meditation room.

Zhen Yong had bid them an enthusiastic goodbye. After Meng Qi and Zhen Hui slowly went out to the gate of the yard, they looked back, seeing many meditation rooms that still had candles lit. They could vaguely feel the stares of many warrior monks. Icicles under the eaves reflected the moonlight, crystal and shining, and evoked a feeling of unspeakable coldness.

…

“Master, where are we going?” After the early class next morning, Meng Qi was taken by Xuan Bei towards the back of the mountain.

Is the special training place some cave hidden in the back of the mountain?

Xuan Bei’s cassock fluttering with the breeze, he looked to the front. “I have asked Senior Brother Xuan En for your leave. Now you don’t need to go to the Chant Hall during these days. You shall focus on Golden Bell Shield, refine your foundation as soon as possible. Literacy is not as important, and I can help you with it later.”

“Yes, Master.” Meng Qi was becoming familiar with the landscape as they went further. He looked around and said, “Am I going to practice Golden Bell Shield in the back of the mountain?”

He had experienced an ordeal exactly here “before long”, fighting Tang Shun, the Cosmos Juggler. Afterward, he obtained the impartation of Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship through the Gist of Trueness in the secret passage.

Xuan Bei gently nodded. “Correct, you will know when we get there. Did you read the scripture of Golden Bell Shield thoroughly last night?”

“I read it three times and already started to practice,” answered Meng Qi honestly.

He wasted no time, and utilized every passing second to practice the first section of Golden Bell Shield, trying to re-concentrate his Dantian Acupoint.

Xuan Bei stopped talking and advanced silently. Meng Qi closely followed. They passed a narrow road between two walls of cliffs, and for the first time, he stepped into the real back mountain.

Mountains overlapped with each other. Some strange peaks stuck out frequently, but within their sight, no grass grew. The earth was crimson red as if it had been irrigated with blood.

“It is said that a few years before Patriarch Dharma joined Nirvana, he had an intense battle with a mighty devil here. The Pure Earth he created was destroyed, and many Spellbound Frames was shattered. So this place became what you see now.” Having noticed Meng Qi’s wonder, Xuan Bei started to speak. “Afterwards, divine monks of each generation all buried their Buddha’s relics inside the stupa here, thus we suppressed this diabolic place with Buddhist power, and enabled disciples below the Exterior level to walk on this land.”

Stepping on the “bloody land”, Meng Qi felt attacked by a chill from underneath, then a bloody scene appeared in his mind: mountains of corpses, seas of blood, and myriads of severed limbs, putrid flesh, evil ghosts, and sky-scraping devils.

“Amitabha Buddha.” A solemn calling of Buddha’s name made all kinds of illusion disappear. The sunlight was still bright, yet there was nothing green.

“Disciples coming here for the first time all have an illusion of being haunted. You will be okay if you settle down your heart,” Xuan Bei said avuncularly.

Meng Qi nodded, but his heart was still frightened and petrified. This was a similar feeling as when he touched the stone door, which had the inscription “A person who is loyal and kind better not enter this door”. Yet the illusion this time was less verisimilar and scary, and had not yet made his back ooze a cold sweat.

Is there any connection?

Having bypassed several hillocks and passes, which were guarded by some Yellow-robed monks and Elders, Xuan Bei took Meng Qi to the highest peak of the back of the mountain. As they were walking, Meng Qi started to see green, as well as pristine streams flowing down from above, forming dozens of puddles, in which strange golden lotuses teemed, blooming despite the wintry coldness.

Walking through this mountain, Meng Qi’s body and soul felt unusually tranquil, carefree, and oblivious of all troubles.

After some more guarded passes, Meng Qi saw an iridescent pagoda with a luminescent glaze. It had seven floors, but was not very tall.

“Amitabha.” At the door guarded an Elder in a cassock. He announced the Buddha’s name, verified the token of Xuan Bei, and let him and Meng Qi go without asking much.

“The training place is inside the stupa… ” Meng Qi secretly muttered but dared not speak. He followed Xuan Bei silently into the tower.

“The seven floors above ground are shrines for Sariras, while the seven floors underground are for suppressing demons and devils,” Xuan Bei said with a placid tone. He pushed open a stone door inscribed with Swastika Seals all over.

The instant the stone door opened, a pungent and exotic scent blew onto Meng Qi’s face, inducing him to shudder. He found difficulty in harmonizing his breath and had discomfort all over his body.

“That is Demon’s Odor,” Xuan Bei narrated as a conscientious master.

Having forborne his discomfort and inhibited his shudder, Meng Qi followed Xuan Bei forward with steady steps.

Xuan Bei lowered his head slightly. After they bypassed some corners, he stopped beside a cell, in which lay a giant bird with blazing plumes.

Meng Qi felt he was being burned standing beside the cell. He looked forward, and found the air distorted somehow. The whole space seemed to be shaking. A cell farther beyond was emanating coldness with bluish crystals frozen on the ground.

“This is the Fire Swan, which has the blood of Ancient Genuine Phoenix. You practice the first section of Golden Bell Shield here, with the help of the Swan’s Qi.” Xuan Bei asked Meng Qi to practice outside this cell.

Meng Qi clenched his teeth and pulled down his frock to his waist. Then he sat down with his legs crossed. In front of him was an iron rail inscribed with light golden symbols. Resisting the high temperature, Meng Qi started to recite the heart sutras of the first section of Golden Bell Shield.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50: Arduous Practice
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The breath in the atmosphere dissipated outside of the cell. Although there was no real flame burning, it was scorching hot. Meng Qi felt like his skin was on fire, causing him to sweat uncontrollably. It flowed from his forehead, crossing his face and the corners of his mouth and dripped down together with sweat from his upper body.

Feeling dizzy and distended in the head, Meng Qi managed with effort to maintain the first pass of Qi circulation of the Golden Bell Shield. He felt lucky to have the protection of his Iron Shirt, otherwise his skin would certainly have been scalded and he would have suffered from serious dehydration resulting in a failure to persist.

This was many times more horrible than a sauna!

With the internal force running continuously, Meng Qi felt that his muscle was dissolving little by little and constantly reorganizing from inside to outside, which accompanied the transformation of the Golden Bell Shield.

His Dantian also began to condense again.

With sweat drizzling down, Meng Qi felt his vision blur. The scene before him was shaking. This was the effect the Golden Bell Shield had on his eyes during his practice for each pass. Certainly, the first pass required him to open his eyes for dozens of seconds.

Meng Qi had never experienced torture and torment to this extent. He subconsciously looked inside the cell, wishing that the fire swan would move inside to stay away from him and that the temperature would be reduced a little.

The fire swan, with crimson feathers, seemed to sense Meng Qi’s gaze. It opened its eyes and strode one step toward him, causing the temperature to go up even more

Damn bird! Meng Qi cursed, afraid to look at the fire swan for fear that it would move closer towards him again.

After breathing in and out dozens of times, Meng Qi closed his eyes. He strove to forget the high temperature, the discomfort of his skin and muscle, as well as everything around him, and to immerse himself into the practice of the Golden Bell Shield.

After a long time, the sound of “Amitabha” spread to Meng Qi’s ears, just as he just finished a heavenly circuit.

“Master.” Meng Qi opened his eyes to see Xuan Bei standing before him.

Xuan Bei nodded gently and said, “Ok, so much for today’s practice. You held on for a whole day, way beyond my expectation.”

“One day?” Meng Qi asked in a hoarse voice, feeling very astonished. He’d held a whole day?

He ended the breathwork and stood up slowly, only to feel pain all over his body. His legs were quaking. He couldn’t wait to find a cool place to lie down and sleep immediately.

Xuan Bei revealed a smile on his melancholic face. “I assumed that you could withstand for two hours at most, but you persisted fully for five hours. You have great perseverance and have behaved less impetuously.”

Sometimes I just seek joy amidst sorrow to soothe my mood, actually I understand inside my heart… Meng Qi secretly argued for himself. But he almost fell to the ground when moving a step forward, because he was too hot, too dizzy and too weak.

Xuan Bei waved his sleeve and a gust of wind blew from a nameless place, firmly holding Meng Qi to avoid his fall and let him get out of the domain of the fire swan.

The cool feeling hit Meng Qiu and made him feel sober. Suddenly he felt himself coming into life again!

“Don’t stick too hard, or it will easily hurt you. Five hours is enough.” Xuan Bei walked in front and said casually, “In this way, you will achieve the first pass of the Golden Bell Shield after half a month and you will work through the first three levels in three months.”

Three months… Meng Qi frowned. He didn’t know how long until the next reincarnation tasks would come. He would naturally not be worried if it was a year and a half, but if there was only one month like last time, he would only finish the second pass of the Golden Bell Shield, not leading to any substantial improvement.

Fortunately, he still had the Pearflower Storm Needles to save his life!

That was the only thing Meng Qi could think. Because the Golden Bell Shield was a kind of magic power with masculine foundation and slow progress. The first three levels would take at least a year to achieve through normal practice, even if those who had the foundation of the primary level of Qi-cultivation worked for six or seven months. What could one complain about if he completed it in three months?

Without a word, Meng Qi dragged his weak body back to the small yard where Xuan Bei lived and walked straight to the water tank, picking up the wooden ladle to drink two scoops fully for his dehydration.

Entering into the meditation room, Meng Qi saw Zhen Hui meditating with a smile on his face He was highly focused, showing a little bit of the real meaning of Zen.

Was this guy really suitable for practicing the Flower-pinching Finger? Meng Qi was stunned for a while and immediately found a Ganoderma Elixir of Restoration to swallow down. Then he sat and meditated with leg crossed, conditioning the body and replenishing internal breath.

Meng Qi erupted the strongest fighting power ever at dinner. He was astonished at himself for eating so much food.

After eating and drinking enough, Meng Qi, who had practiced arduously for one day, was exceptionally sleepy, just wanting to lie on the wide shared bed. Shaolin Temple advocated penance. There was no substantial difference between the Chores Yard or the Warrior-monk Yard. Only the courtyards belonged to elders such as Xuan Bei. If not for confidentiality and the convenience of their practice, there probably would not be any small single courtyards.

“Senior Brother, I will continue my meditation.” Zhen Hui said to Meng Qi cheerfully, leaping straight back to the meditation room without any resistance to practice.

Seeing this, Meng Qi sighed. He turned around and walked into the courtyard. He found a Buddhist Commandment Blade to practice Blood Bladesmanship under the chilly moonlight.

He couldn’t slack off! Nobody knew when the task of Samsara would begin!

Blood Bladesmanship put great emphasis on the pace and the angle of the move, with a focus on looking ahead and suddenly looking behind, so that the bladesmanship could be extremely strange. Each blade cut from an incredible position, which complemented with Meng Qi’s Lightning Changes. The two movements would enhance each other when Meng Qi practiced them.

After practicing bladesmanship several times, Meng Qi was too exhausted to continue. He stopped, breathing heavily and intending to take a break.

At this time, he saw Xuan Bei out of the corner of his eye. He stood in the doorway of the meditation room. Ming Qi had no idea how long he had been standing there.

“Master.” Meng Qi put his palms together devoutly in a hurry.

Xuan Bei nodded and revealed a rare satisfactory look. “Very good.”

And with that, he turned around and walked into his meditation room.

Meng Qi was quietly complacent for a moment. He adjusted his breathwork for a while and continued to practice bladesmanship.

…

Day in and day out, Meng Qi repeated his dual-purpose life between his fire swan cell and the courtyard of Xuan Bei. He found that the Golden Bell Shield ran more and more smoothly and could lightly feel a strange change in his body. He achieved the first pass on the thirteenth day.

On this day, Meng Qi sat in front of the fire swan cell with his legs crossed. There were a few beads of sweat on his body surface, reflecting a slight golden shimmer.

Although the temperature was still high, Meng Qi felt less uncomfortable. He was no longer dizzy. There was no more burning sense on his skin and he felt more at ease in his body.

Suddenly a golden ray appeared at Meng Qi’s Dantian as if a light noise had sounded.

Then the golden color faded and Meng Qi opened his eyes, rotating his neck with satisfaction.

On the twenty-ninth day, he worked out the second pass of the Golden Bell Shield! His Dantian had been re-condensed successfully!

Xuan Bei seemed to have been staying here without leaving and slightly nodded. “Good job, tomorrow you will begin the practice of the third pass.”

“Master, is the third pass still here?” Meng Qi stood up and asked with concern.

At present, he felt better after each practice, at least his weakness to walk had fallen.

“Outside, the front cell.” Xuan Bei indicated with his eyes.

Meng Qi followed his sight and found that it was the one he had noticed before. The chill was permeating with ice crystals covering the ground.

It had been hot before and now it was cold?

Xuan Bei slowly opened his mouth. “Inside the ‘cold turtle’, you have to practice the third pass with the help of the cold breath of it.”

“Yes, Master.” Meng Qi looked at the cell and saw a giant tortoise carrying a pale blue shell. The snow was falling inside the cell with ice crystals everywhere, which was in stark contrast to the cell of the fire swan on the other side of wall.

Returning to the small courtyard, Xuan Bei gave the token to Meng Qi. “You must be familiar with the schedule because every day you will practice, and you will practice on your own in later days. Come and tell me when you reach the third pass.”

Meng Qi nodded in agreement. After all, the Master had been around him while he practiced all month. It had been dragging the Master down for a long time. Now he had achieved the second pass of the Golden Bell Shield and had also become familiar with the environment there. It was time for him to depend on himself.

…

On the following day, Meng Qi held a token and smoothly entered the stupa to the first floor where the “cold turtle” was locked away.

Meng Qi felt the piercing chill the moment he set foot inside. It was colder than any of the winters he’d experienced before, cold enough to freeze bone marrow.

He was bare-chested as usual, shivering and sitting cross-legged to run the third pass of Golden Bell Shield to defend against the cold with heart sutras.

Meng Qi didn’t go to see the cold turtle this time. He urged it to retreat inside so as not to bring about the opposite consequence.

He opened his eyes and found that the cold turtle had quietly moved closer to the iron bars without his notice.

The damn monster! Meng Qi cursed hatefully in secret.

“Haha, stupid humans. Don’t they know this damn turtle’s greatest intention is retaliation? It was locked here for decades for flooding a city, how could you humans be pleasing to its eyes?” The noise came from the opposite side.

It was very ugly. Its body rolled like a ball with two short wings, covered with black feathers. It had no beak on its head but a fish-like mouth instead.

It looked very ugly, whose body rolled like a ball with two short wings, covered with black feathers, no beak on the head but a fish-like mouth.

“What are you looking at? My Taoist monastic name is ‘Sagittarius’. I have been without change for so many years. I am the descendant of the Roc Clan!” The bird bounced and said, “You must be surprised that I did not speak to you previously, but I will not speak casually to humans as our Roc Clan is superior

Meng Qi did not care about it. Closing his eyes and he devoted himself to practicing.

“Ah, little monk, How could it be useful to practice chill depending on the damn turtle? You have to find Han Li, haha, at that time, you will be frozen into ice residue and die… ” The little bird, “Drooping Wing” simply wasn’t aware at all that Meng Qi was practicing. It continued to ramble.

“You are so ugly in this position. You humans really have no taste.” It nitpicked Meng Qi from top to bottom fully for an hour.

“Little monk, practicing Golden Bell Shield, this kind of turtle shell Kung Fu is of no use, it is better to let me out, then I will owe you… ”

Meng Qi only felt the noise making him impatient. He wanted to jump up and find something to stop it. It is too noisy! Doesn’t it know that one needs to be quiet when practicing?

“Speaking of benefits, our Roc Clan carried the heritage forward for millions of years. My grandfather’s grandfather had… ” The bird became talkative, telling stories from its grandfather’s grandfathers. In this way, it could talk for at least three months!

After completing a heavenly circuit, Meng Qi rose to his feet suddenly. He was prepared to block the mouth of the “Drooping Wing”. However, the bird was unusually alert and flew back deep into the cell as soon as Meng Qi stood up. It said with elation, “You think I can’t figure out when you finish running a circuit?”

“Haha, you’d better stay there and listen to me!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51: Triple Torments
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Meng Qi looked at the bird with his teeth clenched. Having listened to its unpleasant sound for quite a while, he slowly turned around and walked back to the door of the Frigid Tortoise. He then crossed his legs again to practice.

But this time, Meng Qi tore off two pieces of cloths from his lapels and tucked them into his ears.

“Naive! Do you think you wouldn’t hear me now?”

“Where was I earlier? Grandpa’s grandfather? Speaking of my grandpa’s grandfather, I should start with my grandfather’s grandfather’s grandfather’s grandfather… ”

Meng Qi took a deep breath and repeatedly told himself to pretend the bird was a mute.

Meng Qi struggled under the attack of both the cold and noise and barely managed to hold on for ten hours. When he was finally done, his face was green and he was trembling all over.

“Oh? Cold has seeped into your body. If you don’t warm yourself as soon as possible, you’ll be a bedridden invalid in the future.” Since the beginning, the Drooping Wing had not stopped chattering.

Meng Qi moved his body outward with difficulty and said huskily, “Your words are not like a monster’s… ”

He planned to lure the bird to a cell, tie it, and gag its mouth. That would end everything for once and for all. Meng Qi knew this bird did not have much strength, for it did not even touch the Swastika Seal.

“Of course, as a roc, I’m a scholar of exceptional talent!” the bird said without shame. “What do you, a person from the stupid human species, know of my great ambition? What does a swallow know of the ambition of a swan goose?”

“I’m the swan… ” The fire swan cut in, dismissively moving a step inside.

“Really? What’s your great ambition?” Meng Qi asked softly.

Drooping Wing burst into laughter. “Aren’t you just trying to get close to me and gag me? I’m a roc. How can I be fooled that easily? You dumb monks, I only ate some people and you’re already grabbing me. The tigers in the mountain have eaten so many people and lives, but why don’t you put them down?! It’s normal for beasts to eat people, but it’s abnormal for a monster to do so?”

Once the bird started chattering, it would not stop.

Meng Qi deeply regretted asking now. He should not have talked to this chatterbox…

Thus, his life became increasingly difficult in the double torments. However, his Invincibility Skill was improving alarmingly fast. One and a half months later, he had reached the third stage, thus his Invincibility Skill had reached the stage of primary level of Qi-cultivation. That was pretty much on par with his Iron Shirt and its prospects were great!

“Half a month earlier than expected… ” Outside the Cold Turtle prison, Meng Qi looked at his bare upper body and he vaguely felt there was some kind of texture on his skin. He was both surprised and happy. He prayed that the next Samsara mission would be after he achieved the fourth stage of the Invincibility Skill.

Meng Qi frowned while putting on his monk’s robe. Looking at that Drooping Wing that chattered non-stop, he said to himself, “Can the noise from this ugly monster be a kind of training? Can it train the will?”

Though, he still really wanted to put a rag in its mouth!

“My grandfather’s grandfather once had found a relic in the sea, but unfortunately someone had long stolen what was in it. There was only bird shit on the ground. Weird, right? There was actually bird shit in the relic under the sea! Hey, little monk! Don’t go! Okay, fine. Let’s talk again tomorrow.”

Meng Qi suddenly stopped walking and gritted his teeth.

As he had broken through in advance, he returned to Xuan Bei’s yard two hours earlier than usual. When he opened the door, he saw Xuan Bei carrying a Buddhist Commandment Blade and smoothly practicing his swordsmanship.

Xuan Bei was not surprised by his disciple’s intrusion, because he had long noticed Meng Qi’s existence from a distance.

Meng Qi freely took a look around and decided to first return to the meditation room. He decided to report his breakthrough of the third stage of the Invincibility Skill later.

It was not that he was not curious and did not want to secretly imitate his Master’s swordsmanship. It was just that he clearly understood his Master’s moves were too profound. Without scripts to refer to, it was no use just watching. So his Master could easily practice his swordsmanship in the yard with onlookers around.

But with this one glance, Meng Qi could not move any more. It was just the first part of Ananda Oath-Breaking Swordsmanship, Peace Quietude Split!

Fearing he would be discovered by his Master, Meng Qi did not have a chance to practice this swordsmanship and only practice it repeatedly in his head. He planned on quickly practicing it when he was in the Samsara space and doing missions. He did not expect to see an Exterior master practicing this part today, and particularly inept at that.

So this was what was going on… Seeing his Master’s moves, many of his swordsmanship questions were answered. He felt like he had received a sudden enlightenment.

“Zhen Ding, did you reach the third stage?” Xuan Bei asked softly, stopping his practice when he noticed his disciple did not leave.

Meng Qi collected himself and said, “Master, I’m lucky enough to break through in advance.”

“You look like a frivolous person, but your willpower is deeply rooted and you’re calm and dependable. It’s only natural you have these results now.” Xuan Bei nodded his head approvingly. “Beginning tomorrow, you’ll practice to reach the fourth stage between the fire swan and cold turtle. Right, I’ll come with you to the stupa. After all, it may be hard for you to control in the place where cold and warmth, yin and yang are balanced.”

“Yes, Master.” Meng Qi answered enthusiastically. “Master, what swordsmanship were you practicing earlier? It seems so profound, much better than what I’m practicing now.”

Xuan Bei patted the Buddhist Commandment Blade and said, “Ananda Oath-Breaking Swordsmanship. After hearing about it from you, I became quite interested in it. When you reach your enlightenment period, I can teach you if you’re still interested in learning.”

“Thank you, Master.” After bowing, Meng Qi returned to the meditation room full of confusion. Then he saw Zhen Hui who was happily munching on dim sum.

“Junior Brother, you don’t have practice today?” Meng Qi felt it strange.

Zhen Hui answered happily, “Senior Brother, I’ve opened my Dantian at noon. This is Master’s reward.”

He showed the dim sum to Meng Qi, presenting it like it was a treasure stained with saliva.

“You’ve already opened the Dantian?” Meng Qi was astonished. Normally one only needed two to six months to open the Dantian. It was not a big deal that Zhen Hui opened it after three and a half months. Some people could so within just two months. But the fact was Zhen Hui had already learned Flower-Pinching Finger, one of the hardest unique skills in Shaolin. And it was normal to not open the Dantian within three years. But how could Zhen Hui progress so fast?!

Zhen Hui honestly nodded his head. “Senior Brother, did you have something to ask me just now?”

Meng Qi decided to ignore the thought whether this guy was born with an affinity for learning Flower-pinching Finger. He nodded and said, “Do you know since when Master started practicing Ananda Oath-breaking Swordsmanship? Why is he practicing it?”

“One and a half months ago.” Zhen Hui had a good memory. He looked at Meng Qi with confusion and asked, “Senior Brother, isn’t Master practicing so he can teach you?”

“What?” Meng Qi was quite confused.

Zhen Hui did not understand why Meng Qi was asking this question. He said more solemnly, “It’s because you want to learn the swordsmanship.”

“This… is this possible… isn’t Master being so kind to us?” Meng Qi admitted what Zhen Hui said made sense, but he felt quite uneasy about it. “We’re completely unrelated to him. Why is he treating us so well?”

Zhen Hui said matter-of-factly, “How are we unrelated? He’s our Master.”

“But Master wouldn’t be so good to us without reason.” Meng Qi frowned.

Zhen Hui looked at him like he said something ridiculous. “Senior Brother, you’re also good to me. What’s the problem?”

Meng Qi curled his lip. He could not have a proper conversation with this kid. So he took out the Ganoderma Elixir of Restoration and continued to do his ‘homework’.

…

“Here.” Entering the stupa, Xuan Bei pointed at the blank ground in front of him, standing at the outside edge between the fire swan and cold turtle prison.

Answering him, Meng Qi walked there and sat down cross-legged. Immediately he felt the left half of his body was burning while the blood in the right half was stagnant. One was hot, the other cold against each other. He felt unprecedented suffering and torment.

Clenching his teeth, Meng Qi did not make a single groan. He started to work the heart sutras of the fourth stage of Golden Bell Shield.

He did bring up the Dropping Wings with his Master. He knew his Master made him practice here to temper him. If he could not even bear the noise, he would do better to quit as soon as possible.

The cold turtle and the fire swan were gradually closing into the iron bars, trying to torment Meng Qi in the worst way possible.

Both cold and heat intruding, his Dantian seemed to be pierced by thousands of steel needles, putting him in extreme agony.

He worked his inner power, slowly training his body with the help of the changes in temperature.

His body was changing inch by inch, his Dantian enlarging step by step, and his meridians broadening little by little. While suffering from the extreme torment, he could clearly feel his progress.

Beside him, Xuan Bei nodded and smiled. “Zhen Hui has learned the Flower-Pinching Finger far smooth than I had expected. He has opened his Dantian yesterday and the primary level of Qi-cultivation will follow soon. Perhaps he’ll catch up with you in the near future.”

After opening up the Dantian, the primary level of Qi-cultivation just needed the cultivation of genuine Qi. So that was why Xuan Bei thought Zhen Hui could catch up with him soon and have similar strength with Meng Qi, who was also in the primary level of Qi-cultivation.

He said these to give Meng Qi a sense of urgency. Additionally, that sense of urgency not only helped his current practice, but acted as a mental barrier which could help better temper him.

“But, Zhen Ding, you’ve also exceeded my expectations. Your fortitude is impressive. If you go on step by step like this, you can also have great success despite your slow start. Others need a year to accomplish the fourth stage, perhaps you need only half a year. At that time, you’ll be ahead of Zhen Hui again.”

After giving Meng Qi a sense of urgency, Xuan Bei started encouraging Meng Qi to prevent him from being overwhelmed by the mental barrier.

After accomplishing the fourth stage of Golden Bell Shield, he had gained advanced Qi-cultivation. Then it was time to concentrate on the Aperture acupoints and get ready for Enlightenment. As for Flower-pinching Finger, it might take a year, two years, or even eight or 10 years.

After saying what he wanted to say, Xuan Bei turned and left, leaving Meng Qi alone to suffer the ice and fire.

“You think I’ll be afraid just because you brought a powerful monk here?” The moment Xuan Bei left, Dropping Wings began chattering once again.

“Shaolin Kungfu is nothing! I know where the Lexicon of Demon Emperor is! It’s an unparalleled book left by the one and only Demon Emperor… ”

“What do you think? If you let me out, I’ll take you to the Demon Emperor Hall.”

For some reason, the voice of Dropping Wings would always ring in the deepest nook of Meng Qi’s heart. It was the most horrible noise in the world and a spiritual torment. Its overlap with the cold and heat in his body doubled the effect of the torment on him.

He gradually became distracted and unconsciously recalled the Ananda Oath-breaking Swordsmanship his Master had practiced yesterday. He compared what he saw with what he understood. The miseries of the world, the breaker of peace.

The miseries of the world, the breaker of peace… While suffering the cold, heat, and noise, Meng Qi suddenly comprehended what it meant. The blade was suddenly distinct to him. He seemed to see that miserable monk was moving forward firmly despite the difficulty.

“Break the oath; the world of mortals is like a furnace; train my Buddha heart!”

Break the oath; the world of mortals is like a furnace; train my Buddha heart… All the mental and physical torments he was currently suffering, did it not resemble like a furnace where he trained his inside out?

Bang!

Meng Qi’s blade feeling burst and became very clear. He distinctly felt the mental and physical torments and how they tempered him, compressing inch by inch, changing inch by inch.

The outside evil was the furnace and the mind evil was the charcoal. Meng Qi kept to the rule and let the blade feeling of Peace Quietude Split fill his body!

Under the attack of both internal and external forces, Meng Qi who was conscious of the blade feeling was unaware a layer of deep yellow had appeared on his body.

Under the pressure of both cold and heat, the blade feeling penetrated Meng Qi with ease and swiftly cut through various passes. He promptly refreshed himself to defend against the external evil.

Pa, pa, pa. Sounds of beans sizzling appeared in his entire body. The deep yellow increasingly brightened, making him look like a brass Luohan!

This was precisely the sign of the advanced success of the fourth stage of Golden Bell Shield!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52: People in the Prison
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Poop!” Chui Yizi was talking to himself in surprise when he heard this noise, “Why do I suddenly lose Kung Fu? Are humans’ hearts so fragile? Is it so hard to communicate happily?”

Invincibility Skill made this noise when it was broken. The difference between them was that the former became brighter and brighter while the latter would become dim and finally disappear.

Chui Yizi knew that Meng Qi had finished the third round yesterday so he didn’t realize that Meng Qi’s Kung Fu was broken. Chui Yizi just thought that Meng Qi couldn’t stand the training but was unwilling to stop.

In that moment, he saw a man with a golden shadow rush to him and catch him.

He tried his best to struggle. In the prison, his Kung Fu couldn’t work even one tenth and the magic power was broken. Finally, he failed and couldn’t escape from Meng Qi. Meng Qi drew his belt and tied him firmly to the iron guardrail.

“Let me go! Can’t you respect the old and the wise!” Chui Yizi shouted loudly. Suddenly, he found that Meng Qi had a strange white textile in his hand. “Wh-What is it?”

Out of Meng Qi’s imagination, he completed the fourth round of Invincibility Skill within a day. Luckily, he caught this noisy Chui Yizi. He felt happy from head to toe. He said, “it is my sock for gagging your mouth.”

“No, no… ” Chui Yizi shook his head painfully. Meng Qi gagged him tightly.

The world finally returned quiet. Meng Qi closed his eyes and felt this hard-won peace. It was so nice!

He sat crossing his legs again. The confusion of hot and cold didn’t bother him. The pain just reminded him that the world, like a furnace, was always painful.

“Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship doesn’t only kill people but also benefits the user. It is so amazing! It can fit well with the Invincibility Skill.” Meng Qi thought about the break and had a deep understanding on Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship. He realized that the Kung Fu was broken but his heart had been washed clean.

“Training magic power in Buddhism needs a meditative mind and insight. If the user has a meditative mind and a good understanding on the Gist of Trueness, his training will have incredible effects and maybe improvements within a day. If the user can’t do this, he must train himself and take it slowly. ”

With this experience, Meng Qi had a new understanding on the insight of Buddhism.

“The insight cannot be completed without action. The true insight is the combination of soul and heart. The user needs to truly understand the rule and follow it in practice.”

“I need a Ganoderma Qi Replenishing Pill to advance the success of Qi-cultivation. I will try concentrating Eye Aperture.” Meng Qi thought about what to do next.

It was truly an unexpected happiness to enter the fourth round of Invincibility Skill before the samsara task began. It didn’t mean relaxing. The completeness of the fourth round was the symbol of the advanced success of Qi-cultivation. His genuine Qi wasn’t enough and needed to calculate. However, Meng Qi worried that the Ganoderma Elixir of Restoration would lose effect in this bad environment and he hadn’t brought it with him.

The Fire swan glanced at Meng Qi and retreated slowly. The chilly air of the cold turtle increased.

Meng Qi didn’t care. He exercised the heart sutras of the fourth round to strengthen his foundation. He considered the sword understanding and the changes of style his Master had shown yesterday.

At this time, the clean and quiet environment ensured that he could reflect deeply without distraction and flightiness.

“It was a wise decision to stop that ugly bird’s mouth! How quiet now!” Meng Qi thought. Peace Quietude Split came to his mind and he lost his thought.

When he slowly held the sword and started to change styles, a noise came to his ear.

“Haha. You think I can’t speak with socks in my mouth? Naive! Stupid!”

“I am a Roc. I can swallow anything. It doesn’t work to stuff things into my mouth.”

The extraordinary quietness was broken. The clean thought was cut off. States of forgetting disappeared.

Faced with this striking noise, Meng Qi didn’t feel impetuous. He suddenly rose his head and turned to Chui Yizi feeling enlightened.

The quietness was broken… Peace Quietude Split… it was such a feeling.

He narrowed his eyes and kept his body and feet still. He used his four fingers of the right hand as a sword and performed the style following the understanding and thought.

The wind blew with no sign and it seemed to blow the world.

Chui Yizi bit the belt. At this happy moment he felt sad. He felt like he’d been laughed at by a sparrow when he failed at his first attempt to fly.

He was angry and hateful. Then he saw a palm stop in the distance.

It shivered and stepped back to the corner. Two wings covered its head. It seemed to be afraid of Peace Quietude Split.

In the prison behind Meng Qi, the fire swan thumped and flew directly to the corner. The cold turtle moved toward Meng Qi slightly.

Meng Qi didn’t notice. He was lost in the impatient state after swinging his blade. A bitter feeling of homesickness, strange and living pressure came to his mind and was quite strong.

Peace Quietude Split broke the peace of others and himself.

Later, Meng Qi defeated these feelings and held his heart. He felt wet. It seemed that he had just experienced a rough battle. Half of him was dried up and the other half was frozen.

“Each movement cleans the mind. This is ‘Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship’… ” Meng Qi sighed. Luckily, he’d gotten the Gist of Trueness. If he hadn’t, it would have been more difficult to understand bladesmanship. No wonder few monks of Shaolin could successfully use Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship.

Meng Qi was totally aware that he knew very little about Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship. There was still a long way to go to master it.

“I don’t know what the next four styles will be… ” Meng Qi thought randomly. He thought about the four styles of Landing in the World, Calculating the Shan, Attracting Outside Magic, and Cause and Effect, which he understood little.

Soon he returned back from his random thoughts. He continued to train on the Golden Bell Shield tirelessly. After the fourth round, he could open his eyes freely and pause at any time.

Meng Qi was concentrating on training when he heard light footsteps. He stopped and turned to the far direction.

Commandment Monk Xuan Ku and the other familiar monk walked close to Meng Qi with two men wearing large robes and sleeves.

The monk was tall and thin and looked gentle and weak like Xuanzang. It was Zhen Chang, he had broken through Bronzemen Lane while walking down the mountain two months ago.

“He came back from traveling that short time?” Meng Qi was confused. It was easy to understand. It would lead to much trouble to walk down the mountain for the first time. Maybe he’d just hung around the mountain and returned to the mountain. The second trip would lead him to Jianghu.

The two men showed by Xuan Ku and Zhen Chang had different features. One was middle-aged and had a gentle face with a long beard. He held his hands at his back and looked elegant. The other was a handsome but childish looking young man. He seemed to have just reached adulthood. He had a similar gesture with the former one.

They seemed to be noble men. Meng Qi judged from their clothes, accessories and gaiety. It was not rare to see people from aristocratic families wear rags. But at least they attached great importance to appearance.

The four people aimed to enter the door to the second floor. They didn’t care about Meng Qi, rather they just passed him quickly. The elegant man glared at him and said to Xuan Ku and Zhen Chang, “Does this little master use this environment to train the Golden Bell Shield or Vajra Unbreakable Force?”

Xuan Ku and Zhen Chang were at the beginning of the enlightenment period. They were often interrupted by kinds of magic air and other air. They saw Meng Qi and wondered. It was rare to see people use this environment to train because few people could handle the Iron Shirt.

The Iron Shirt was a kind of Thwart Kung Fu and based on beating practice. If the user wanted to handle it, he needed to exercise for three years. Of course, there was a fast way to handle it too. However, in this way, the Iron Shirt could no longer advance. They all thought Meng Qi had taken the shortcut because they didn’t believe he could practice the Iron Shirt as the main way.

Xuan Ku stopped for a moment when he noticed that Meng Qi was dried and frozen. Later, Xuan Ku nodded his head and praised. He’d never thought that Meng Qi could bear those difficulties.

Zhen Chang didn’t stop. When he saw Meng Qi, he smiled and said to his guests, “It is meant to be.”

“It is so good to stand such difficulties at this young age. Who is his master?” The middle-aged man laughed. The young man behind him was barely an adult. Hearing this, he also glared at Meng Qi. The acolyte was quite different among the fire swan, the cold turtle and other monsters.

He was not a zoo! Meng Qi closed his eyes and ignored them.

Zhen Chang frowned and then said with smile, “He should be a new disciple. I left to travel for a few days. I don’t know whose disciple he is.”

“His master is Xuan Bei.” Xuan Ku took back his sight.

Xuan Bei was good at Kung Fu and was the elder. However, he had started to learn Kung Fu later than Xuan Ku. Xuan Ku also called him little brother.

“Xuan Bei divine monk… ” the middle-aged man nodded his head in thought. He didn’t ask Meng Qi for his Buddhist name and passed slowly.

The other young man continued to look at the fire swan, the cold turtle and other monsters. He appeared to be curious about them and wanted to touch them.

“Father, it is so surprising that Shaolin suppresses so many monsters with original bodies.” He had a monster servant. The monster had been acclimated. It couldn’t be easily recognized unless in battle.

They passed the corner. Meng Qi opened his eyes and cursed. Who like being watched when training? Impolite!

At this time, a speaking noise broke the quiet of his prison.

“His Abbotship’s allowed the Cui Family in PingJing to bring their defected monsters.” This elegant and slow voice must belong to Zhen Chang.

“Amitabha. It is the right token. Please come in.” The Elder guarding the second floor said in an aged voice.

The Cui Family in PingJin? Meng Qi repeated secretly. They were the Cui Clan from Pinjin!

The Cui Clan in Pinjin was the most powerful aristocratic family in the Great Jin Dynasty. The family owner Cui Qinghe claimed “Zi Yang Dharmakaya” and suppressed the royal household a lot.

PS:Happy Mid-autumn Festival! Please recommend!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53: Insight
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Shaking his head, Meng Qi decided not to bother with them and continued his practice of Golden Bell Shield. It was none of his business anyway.

Sometime later, he once again heard steps from afar approaching and understood it was Zheng Chang and the others returning. Curious about what the traitor of Cui Family looked like, he opened his eyes and glanced over.

There came four men, followed by a staggering burly man whose long hair had covered his face. There was no trace of anything monstrous on him.

“There are actually no observable flaws in his transformation from a monster. In the future, how will we differentiate… ” Meng Qi initially had this worried thought, but soon forgot it. Though the Demon Clan had a long history and once powerful, humans now predominated the world. Their predecessors must have definitely left behind knowledge of their rich experience in dealing with them.

Once again passing by Meng Qi, Xuan Ku, Zhen Chang, and the middle-aged man of Cui family did not pay him any mind. After all, there was nothing unusual with his practice.

Instead, it was the childlike young man who slowed down deliberately and approached the cell of the Frigid Tortoise to observe the untransformed demon.

He was very curious about these demons and had been looking for opportunities along the way. But he knew most demons trapped here were fearsome creatures. If he imprudently approached them, he could be easily hurt by their breaths. So he eventually decided on the Fire Swan and the Frigid Tortoise.

If a young, weak little monk could cultivate himself outside their cells, this meant they could not be particularly powerful and fierce monsters.

A purple glow emerged on the young man’s skin to dispel the cold and got close to the Frigid Tortoise.

Roar!

Irritated by the human closeness and an unexpected intrusion, the Frigid Turtle rushed to the iron bars and spat cold air out with resounding roars.

Around the cell, the Ten Thousand Characters lighted up one by one. The chants of Sutras started ringing, blocking the coldness and evil air. Only a little of them escaped the cell.

Following this, the Fire Swan on the other cell also flapped its wings and flew from the inner corner. With the burning fire rolling through its body, it looked sinister and evil.

Though there was a barrier, the cell could not fully obstruct the growing evil air. The cold and heat once again tortured Meng Qi, triggering his fourth level of Golden Bell Shield. His body turned a dark golden color.

The young man who was unaccustomed to the evil air was instantly deterred. He felt weak at the knees and his purple skin was frozen little by little.

Having never encountered such an incident, Xuan Ku and Zhen Chang were also frozen, shocked by the evil air and the extreme cold and heat.

The long-hair monster’s head was still lowered, as if nothing had happened. That was because the middle-aged man of Cui family was looking at it with a smile. With his right hand surrounded by purple Qi, he reached for his own child.

The pained Meng Qi slowly raised his head and glanced at the Frigid Tortoise and the Fire Swan. These two were the culprits!

His cold gaze stunned the Frigid Tortoise. As if remembering something, it returned to a corner and retracting its head and limbs back into its shell.

The flying Fire Swan had also calmed down and returned to its corner, keeping its back to Meng Qi.

“Eh… ?” Meng Qi was himself stunned by their response.

“Let’s go, Hao,” the middle-aged man said. Since the situation was no longer dangerous, his right hand was behind his back again.

Still frightened, the young man followed after his father quickly without a word.

Surprised and doubtful, Xuan Ku and Zhen Chang opened their mouths, but did not know what to say. So they too quietly moved forward.

After they left the prison, when Xuan Ku and Zhen Chang was canceling the Extraction Token with the monks guarding the Pagoda, the young man finally collected himself. He angrily said, “Dad, it must be that little monk who made the monsters scare me! Just look at how servile they were to him after. It’s clear that they’re trained by him!”

“It’s not him.” The middle-aged man sighed. “Hao, can’t you tell it was not servitude but fear that made them retreat?”

“Fear?” the young man asked in disbelief. How could such strong monsters be afraid of a little monk?

The middle-aged young man looked at him carefully and asked, “Hao er, didn’t you plan on accumulating some experience in your travel this time?”

“That’s right.” The young man did not understand why his father suddenly brought this up out of the blue.

The middle-aged man looked at coming Zhen Chang and Xuan Ku with his hand back, and solemnly said, “With your current insight, you’d better off staying home for a few more years. Your trip now is merely a way to your own demise.”

“Dad!” It was as if the young man was struck by lightning.

“I’ll speak to your Third Uncle Qing Yu about this,” the middle-aged man said, leaving no space for his son to refute.

…

“They’re actually afraid of me?” After recalling what had happened earlier, Meng Qi ended up with the unbelievable conclusion that the two monsters, far superior in strength, were afraid of him!

“Is it because I was immersed in the fantasy meditation and they were still feeling threatened by Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship?”

Meng Qi thought deeply about the reason why this happened. If the met other masters with strength similar to the two monsters, they would feel threatened by him. Even if they were attacked by his sword will, it would not even leave an impression on them. The reason must be that the two monsters were trapped here and their power could not be demonstrated completely. What was more, they were mentally tortured by the chants of Sutras from Buddha’s Relics Tower. The damage to their mentality could not be minor.

Since the Fire Swan, the Frigid Turtle and the Drooping Wings had retreated away from Meng Qi, the effects of cultivation had declined a lot. Without the Ganoderma Elixir of Restoration, he decided he might as well get up. Stretching and moving his limbs, he put his monk’s robe on and left Buddha’s Relics Tower.

It was a sunny day, with spring very much in the air.

“It’s almost three months since I last saw the sun. I didn’t think it would be so pleasing to my eyes.” Meng Qi chuckled. Squinting and taking a deep breath, Meng Qi suddenly found life to be incredibly wonderful.

During this period, Meng Qi left early and returned late each day. Often, he would have breakfast and enter the stupa before sunrise and only leave after sunset.

Naturally, it was also partly due to the short daytime in late winter and early spring.

With brisk steps, Meng Qi walked towards the back mountain. The monks on guard along the way all looked at him in surprise, wondering why he had left so early today. Was he finally slacking?

Though they worked in shifts, Meng Qi had stayed here for almost three months. Not surprisingly, they all knew of a little monk who practiced in the stupa and left after dark each day.

Their gazes did not concern Meng Qi. He happily enjoyed the sunshine. Not even the red soil under his feet could not affect his mood anymore.

Through the narrow path between two hills, Meng Qi went back to the familiar place. He stared at the forest, a little startled.

Meng Qi did not know what was the link, but it was exactly the task of guarding here that enabled him to find Zhen Guan and improve his strength dramatically.

So he entered the forest to check on the secret passage and see if it was guarded.

As expected, he found two yellow-robed monks looking around by the big, red rock.

Afraid of being noticed, Meng Qi dare not approach them. He turned around and walked out of the forest.

Although he could freely enter the back mountain at the moment, he did not have the privilege of spying on places that were guarded.

While walking, he saw a familiar figure walking towards him.

“Senior Brother Zhen Yong?” Meng Qi said in surprise.

Zhen Yong was taken aback by the sound. After recognizing it was Meng Qi, he tapped his chest and said, “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, you scared me. Why are you here?”

“When I passed the forest, my curiosity about the secret passage led me here.” Meng Qi did not bother finding an excuse since it was no big deal and he was not caught by any monk. “What about you?”

Clutching his stomach, Zhen Yong grinned. “We all have our needs. Today I’m guarding the place in front.”

“Oh.” Meng Qi remembered he had once used this excuse to practice his swordsmanship. Though he was a little skeptical, he bid farewell without saying anything else.

Unsurprisingly, Meng Qi found his master Xuan Bei practicing his bladesmanship when he returned to the yard.

“Why are you back so early today? Could it be you couldn’t withstand the hot and cold torment?” Xuan Bei retracted his Buddhist Commandment Blade. His expression showed not a hint of blame.

Meng Qi had been wondering whether to tell his Master and how to tell him by the time he went back. When he remembered that people, including Xuan Ku and Zhen Chang, had seen his golden body against cold and heat, he made his decision. That was the demonstration of the completion of the fourth level of Invincibility Skill!

Meng Qi’s hesitation made Xuan Bei smile and he comforted him by saying, “Haste makes waste. I’m too strict on you. Don’t lose heart.”

Meng Qi bowed his head and answered, “Master, I have reached the fourth level of Invincibility Skill.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54: Zhen Hui’s Annoyance
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“What?” Polite Xuan Bei was totally shocked and surprised. He could not say a word.

“Clunk!”

He planned to put the Buddhist Commandment Blade back on the weapon rack and comfort Meng Qi. But his hands trembled, and the Buddhist Commandment Blade hit the weapon rack and bounced as it landed. It was totally abnormal for this expert of the Exterior.

Meng Qi tried his best to practice the heart sutras, the fourth level of Golden Bell Shield. His skin became dark gold. He repeated, “Master, I completed the practice of the fourth level of Golden Bell Shield.”

“What on earth did you come across?” Xuan Bei became serious again but still looked shocked and confused.

His own apprentice just moved to the third level. He had completed the fourth level! This speed was unbelievable! It was like hearing a myth!

Meng Qi had prepared an excuse. He looked down and said, “I felt a sense of cutting off the connection between myself and the world when I saw Master practice yesterday.”

“When I was practicing the fourth level today, I withstood the mixed feeling of hot and cold, along with the noisy bird that interrupted me. These three difficulties really annoyed me and drove me mad. Suddenly, I had this same feeling as you. The whole world was a furnace, and those difficulties were a strong fire which hardened me.

“Later, I completed the fourth level by accident.”

What Meng Qi said and felt was totally true, except for the source of his sword insight. Everything seemed so convincing and made people totally believe him.

As his Master was an expert of the Exterior, he knew that he could easily recognize the changes in his body and expressions. He controlled his heart from beating quickly and looked down to escape his Master’s eyesight.

Meng Qi’s explanation subsided Xuan Bei’s doubts. If he had not felt that, then he could not explain completely.

He hesitated a moment, the offered a comforting smile. “You have a special connection with bladesmanship. It is really amazing for you to understand and master bladesmanship from the first time.”

It was not so hard for the practitioner to master the sword. If a wise practitioner tried and thought about the sword for some time, they would feel something more or less. What was hard was to understand the Gist of Trueness and truly master bladesmanship.

“Master, the bladesmanship you performed helped me a lot.” Meng Qi quickly changed the topic of conversation to Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship, which was his Master’s practice.

Xuan Bei frowned and said, “You need to keep this secret. According to the commandments, while still in the enlightenment period, you are not allowed to watch me performing the other skill, even with my permission.”

“Though you just grasp it, you don’t understand the Gist of Trueness and the changing style of bladesmanship, yet you gained special insight. Commandment Yard would hardly believe that you just watched the performance by accident only one time.”

Normally, the practitioner would only gain insight foundation if he watched the performance deliberately many times.

“Yes, I know.” Meng Qi would keep this secret with great care until he found the chance to escape. He was unwilling to talk with those humorless Commandment Monk. “Uncle Master Xuan Ku and Senior Brother Zhen Chang saw when I completed the fourth level.”

Xuan Bei nodded kindly. “It doesn’t matter. You are not the only one to complete all four levels of Golden Bell Shield within three months. They all had a solid foundation for training. As long as Xuan Ku and Zhen Chang don’t know that you have just completed the third level yesterday, you will be safe. They may just praise you for your good practice of Golden Bell Shield.”

“I am more relieved now.” Meng Qi sighed in relief. It was the true reflection of his true emotion.

“Well, you can continue to harmonize Qi-circulation,” Xuan Bei said amiably.

Meng Qi entered the meditation room just as Zhen Hui had a break. He asked curiously, “Senior Brother, why do you come back so early?”

“Hehe, I completed the fourth level of Golden Bell Shield.” Meng Qi did not lie to his Junior Brother, but said it quite happily. It was shocking, thrilling, and unbelievable!

“Oh!” Zhen Hui thought it was normal and said with a smile, “Senior Brother, you wanted to practice Flower-pinching Finger, Form Denial Finger, and other skills. Now it seems that Golden Bell Shield is your best choice.”

“You are an idiot with no common sense! Are you saying that ‘my mouth said nothing, but my body wanted it’? ” Meng Qi scolded him secretly.

“If I practice other skills, will I complete them in a shorter time?”

“I don’t know,” Zhen Hui answered honestly, not to flatter him.

Meng Qi coughed slightly. “Of course, I am the only one to complete the fourth level of Golden Bell Shield within a day. You will hardly find another one in the past or the future.”

“Senior Brother, you are brilliant!” Zhen Hui was excited when he heard such Jianghu stories.

Meng Qi sighed and looked down. “This guy has difficulty in understanding difficult words.”

…

Half a year passed. It was autumn, leaves fell, the sky was clear, and the air was fresh.

The round moon caressed the night. Meng Qi and Zhen Hui wandered in the temple with lanterns as it was their turn to patrol. The patrolling line was remote and quiet.

“How lively this kind of life is!” Meng Qi took a deep and clean breath and said contentedly.

In the past 10 months, I didn’t receive any Samsara missions. It is really amazing!

After completing the fourth level of the Golden Bell Shield, Meng Qi studied in the Sutras Yard and had lessons at night and again in the morning. He still went to the stupa every afternoon to do Qi Storage in Meditation despite the bad environment. Doing Qi Storage in Meditation and concentrating on Aperture acupoints needed painstaking practice. His progress temporarily slowed down.

He advanced his success of Qi-cultivation within seven months and concentrated six Eye Apertures with Xuan Bei’s elixir and a good arrangement of the Ganoderma Elixir of Restoration. He wanted to receive Samsara task in two months so he could concentrate on the nine Aperture acupoints. Now he waited for the Heavenly Acumen Pill or difficulties to enlighten himself.

Of course, Meng Qi would not have felt afraid or upset if he needed to start a Samsara task now. He had advanced a lot compared to 10 months ago.

Zhen Hui was used to his Senior Brother’s strange actions, so he was not surprised by Meng Qi’s praise. He said, “Indeed, this kind of life is good! You can eat, sleep, and practice Martial Arts.”

A true-hearted smile emerged on his childish face.

In the past 10 months, his Flower-pinching Finger had not broken through to the advanced success of Qi-cultivation, but it had greatly progressed. Xuan Bei was surprised and happy and believed that he would have a breakthrough within half a year.

Actually, he was at the best growing period. He ate full, slept well, and had good practices. He was taller than before and had a good face.

“All you can think of is just eating and sleeping? You are such a pig!” Meng Qi scanned Zhen Hui.

After 10 months, he was taller and looked like a young man, no longer like a child. Soft fluff hung on his lips and his face was neat. When he sat quietly, he looked gentle and kind. What Meng Qi was displeased with was his narrow eyes, which made him look handsome and less manly.

While walking, Zhen Hui said, “Senior Brother, I think there is something wrong with Senior Brother Zhen Yong.”

“Why do you think so?” Meng Qi asked with confusion.

The surrounding trees stood in the night just like monsters.

Zhen Hui complained, “Senior Brother Zhen Yong would often find me and tell me stories, but his stories were not interesting. He asked me about the Flower-pinching Finger every time, and said he was very interested in this difficult skill.”

When he heard the first part, Meng Qi thought that Zhen Hui cared too much. After Zhen Hui stopped, he became serious. “He asked you about the Flower-pinching Finger? Did he ask a lot?”

“Yes, he asked in detail about such things as my difficulties in Qi-conducting, my conducting routes, and my fast speed… ” Zhen Hui said casually without taking it seriously. He just complained to his Senior Brother that he trusted.

Master ordered me not to tell anyone. Senior Brother Zhen Yong asked a lot. It was annoying! He would often find me out and it really affected my training!

Meng Qi thought that Zhen Yong wanted to steal Flower-pinching Finger. It was normal for young warrior monks in the Warrior-monk Yard. Why did he want to learn the most difficult Flower-pinching Finger?

Meng Qi thought about the last day he spent with Zhen Yong and felt that it was unusual.

“Did you tell him the Dharma Access of Flower-pinching Finger?” Meng Qi needed to confirm it.

Zhen Hui shook his head. “Master ordered me not to tell anyone.”

“Ok. Let’s tell Master tomorrow morning.” Meng Qi did not want to investigate this matter. It would be troublesome if he found super enemies during researching. At that time, other people could abuse him. It was the right choice to tell the Master and let him investigate.

Zhen Hui totally agreed with Senior Brother’s suggestion and nodded happily. At that time, he turned to him and pointed at the tall trees, “Senior Brother Zhen Yong once hid behind those trees.”

“What? How do you know?” Meng Qi asked in surprise.

Zhen Hui said honestly, “Last time, I thought that I had forgotten something when I told that story. I turned back to catch Senior Brother Zhen Yong. I saw him hiding behind the trees.”

“Then?” Meng Qi’s lips twitched.

Zhen Hui answered consciously, “I thought he was defecating so I waited for him for a while. After a few moments had passed, it was time to practice. Then I went back.”

Meng Qi nodded slightly. He just stood beside the trees and his curiosity led him to the blockage. He raised the lantern and looked inside.

There were a lot of layers of tall trees that were blocking his view.

Meng Qi listened for a while and found no movement. He walked into the blockage and moved forward, leaving no traces behind.

Zhen Hui followed his Senior Brother enthusiastically.

Meng Qi walked a dozen paces and it was suddenly clear with no trees.

It was a protruding and bottomless cliff with heavy wind and fog below. Shaolin Temple was built along the mountain where there were more cliffs than walls.

“Cliff… ” Meng Qi looked around with confusion and did not understand what Zhen Yong did here.

Meng Qi looked, was suddenly startled and immediately stopped. He listened and pulled on Zhen Hui and, putting out their lanterns, they hid behind a big tree.

A man with gray a frock was creeping in stealthily.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55: Unraveling the Mystery
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

There were only a few stars in the night sky, for the moon was especially bright. The cliff was bathed in moonlight. Meng Qi who was hiding in the shadows recognized the figure at once.

Zhen Yong!

Meng Qi had concentrated on practicing Golden Bell Shield, bladesmanship, and Lightness Skill during this period. He also had little interaction with others due to the distance from Warrior-monk Yard. Even so, after resuming his studies in Sutras Yard, he met and talked to Zhen Yong every day to learn about the trivialities happening in the temple. So he could recognize that it was Zhen Yong from the profile of the figure alone.

Why was he here so late?

Could there really be a major secret?

Meng Qi was somewhat frustrated. With secrets on his own, he was unwilling to involve himself in other trifles lest his abnormity was discovered.

He just wanted to be a quiet little monk in Shaolin Temple.

It was precisely this mentality and consciousness of being an average swordsman that he did not rush to explore the secret passage the last time under Zhen Guan’s orders. Instead he had returned and sent a signal to others.

The grey figure turned around and looked around in alert. The dim moonlight on his face clearly confirmed Meng Qi’s judgment. It was really Zhen Yong.

Holding his breath and controlling his heartbeat, Meng Qi was unwilling to attract Zhen Yong’s attention. He hoped Zhen Yong would leave soon so he could patrol again without anyone’s notice. When Zhen Hui informed about the truth to their Master tomorrow, Zhen Yong’s secret will definitely be revealed.

This place was remote and secluded. Barely anyone knows it. Zhen Yong habitually looked around before taking a book out of his bosom and reading it with a smile.

Under the cold moonlight, Meng Qi observed the book in Zhen Yong’s hand through his condensed six Aperture acupoints. He noticed found the book used white papers, instead of the Mu Hua Paper they usually used for scriptures. The white papers resembled the inferior papers that the monks of Chant Hall used to copy and practice their writing, rather than those precious papers for scripts.

“Is it a book copied using normal papers?” Meng Qi subconsciously speculated.

Zhen Yong was immersed in the book and muttered to himself without any intention to leave after his ‘wrongdoing’. This made Meng Qi secretly anxious.

He was not worried he would not be able to stand it. Instead he was concerned about the Junior Brother beside him who had never encountered such occasions. As time went on, he might get anxious and make noise by bumping into something.

Meng Qi tilted his head and looked at Zhen Yong. Under the shadow, his face appeared dull and a little curious as he carefully observed Zhen Yong.

His concentration was not bad… Seeing this, Meng Qi secretly praised Zhen Yong.

After about the duration of a burning incense, Zhen Yong adjusted his stiff posture. He happened to have accidentally kicked a pebble. It rolled all the way down the cliff, though no noise echoed.

The movement awakened Zhen Yong and he closed the book with reluctance.

He did not dare to stay for long and fumbled for something in the edges of the cliff.

After a while, he retracted his hand and a package of oiled papers appeared.

“Seems like there’s a crack to hide things on the edge of the cliff. It’s well concealed… ” Meng Qi noded, deep in thought.

Zhen Yong opened the package containing several books with varying thickness. He placed his book inside and rewrapped it again.

At that very moment, a reckless mouse rushed out from the cavern. It frightened Zhen Yong and forced him to hide.

The sound of twig snapping on a quiet night was exceptionally clear.

With a snap, the package fell due to his trembling hands. A shocked Zhen Yong looked around in panic.

At the same time, he subconsciously reached for the edge of the cliff.

“Who?” Zhen Yong asked in a quiet voice, seemingly not noticing Meng Qi and Zhen Hui.

Before his voice even faded, Zhen Yong threw himself on Meng Qi, carrying a sharp Buddhist Commandment Blade. Meng Qi could not even come up with a solution in time.

His question turned out to be a deceit strategy!

“It’s advanced success of Qi-cultivation. He really did hide his strength… ” Seeing Zhen Yong’s moves, Meng Qi sighed and lowered his left shoulder. Without avoiding, he ran up against Zhen Yong’s blade.

Zhen Yong hid his goal and launched an unexpected attack, believing it would be too late for the enemy hiding in the forest to deflect and that he had better whoever it was in one move. Unexpectedly, he saw the figure running up against his blade.

Clank! The Buddhist Commandment Blade seemed to have hit a gold rock. No good! Zhen Yong immediately retreated without a second thought.

At this moment, a blade unexpectedly hacked him from the other side, from a tricky angle and weird position. It was hard for Zhen Yong to avoid the blade.

Clenching his teeth, Zhen Yong wielded his blade and moved his body with it, deflecting Meng Qi’s attack.

What… ? Meng Qi was puzzled because Zhen Yong actually avoided his Blood Blade move in a hurry. Zhen Yong’s bladesmanship had never been mediocre with its profound footwork and prominent moves.

Zhen Hui stepped out silently, wearing a smile. Holding out his right hand in a delicate manner, he carried an air of being above the material world.

Zhen Yong was aware of the presence of a second enemy, so he was not surprised at Zhen Hui’s attack. With a severe countenance, he wielded his blade to ward off Zhen Hui’s Flower-pinching Finger.

He then kicked Zhen Hui with his left leg and pointed his titled blade at Meng Qi directly.

This move was exquisite, giving Meng Qi the feeling of forgetting all his troubles.

This was definitely a scary bladesmanship! Meng Qi did not dare to be careless and demonstrated his skill, attacking Zhen Yong with unexpected moves.

Zhen Yong secretly practiced his bladesmanship so there were few opportunities for him to demonstrate it. The lack of life-and-death practices resulted in him panicking in the face of Meng Qi’s full strength. He was exhausted to have to anticipate and guard against an unexpected second attack each time after he handled Meng Qi’s.

Zhen Hui, on the other side, was inexperience in real combat. When he was dodging Zhen Yong’s kick, he did not manage to keep his balance. When he retreated to the other side, he nearly fell down from the cliff.

“Ah!” He gave a light yell, for he found that he had kicked the package down the cliff. The package disappeared amidst cloud and mist.

Meng Qi found the narrow cliff did not allow him to demonstrate his moves completely. He did not want to stay for long in case anything happened. Therefore, after an attack, he jumped on a panicked Zhen Yong and warded off his blade with his own chest.

Bang! The Buddhist Commandment Blade tore Meng Qi’s frock with a clank, as if it had hit a gold rock, and left a long white scratch.

Thanks to the moon hanging high in the sky, Zhen Yong had already recognized his opponent to be Zhen Ding. Well-versed with the horrors of Golden Bell Shield, he aimed directly at its weak points. However, he was not expecting Zhen Ding’s bladesmanship to be so odd and for his attacks to be so tough and vicious. He even took advantage of Zhen Yong’s late timing and used his own chest to block Zhen Yong’s blade!

Caught off guard, he lost the chance to change his direction!

Succeeded in forcing through Zhen Yong’s defense, he pressed his blade against Zhen Yong’s neck.

Clank. Zhen Yong threw his blade away, gesturing that he would no longer resist.

Zhen Hui stepped ahead again and used his Flower-pinching Finger to close Zhen Yong’s several key acupuncture points.

Meng Qi did not relax, his blade still on Zhen Yong’s neck. He indicated Zhen Hui to pull out his belt to tie Zhen Yong’s hands behind his back.

“Junior Brother Zhen Hui, Junior Brother Zhen Ding, you ought to be at ease this time.” Zhen Yong barely eked out a smile on his pale face.

Meng Qi noncommittally asked, “Why are you sneaking around?”

With his acupoints sealed, Zhen Yong could not stand up so he sat down cross-legged. His eyes rolling, he sadly said, “I have neither Zhen Hui’s talent nor your achievements. If I want to learn a supreme skill, I can only go down this path. I can’t waste my life in Shaolin with only the Old Buddha with the Altar Lamp here. I wouldn’t be able to experience the wonderful Jianghu that way.”

“Junior Brother Zhen Hui and Junior Brother Zhen Ding, please let me off on the basis of our friendship. I promise to turn over a new leaf and never revert to the old path. If I have any scripts, I’ll show them to you all.”

The rims of his eyes were red as he pleaded pitifully.

As expected, what Zhen Yong was reading was scripts. Meng Qi said with a half-smile, “Senior Brother, I don’t know how you get these supreme scripts with your identity as a normal warrior-monk.”

Basically, Zhen Yong should not use whatever nonsense about unwilling to live a nondescript life to placate him.

Zhen Yong’s expression changed and sighed. “I happen to know Great Granduncle Kong Hui who guarded the Sutras Depository had an internal injury. That injury shows effect at a fixed time at noon. So I took the chance to enter and copy the scripts, but I could only get to the third and fourth floor. I couldn’t see the supreme art of Inner Eighteen Skills.”

“Oh, that’s why you befriended Zhen Hui and I.” Meng Qi sneered.

Zhen Yong frowned. He did not expect his explanation would offend them both instead.

“And where did you hear of such secrets?” Meng Qi shouted angrily just as Zhen Yong was feeling unsettled.

Zhen Yong shivered all over. He shut up and shook his head, unwilling to speak.

Meng Qi was unwilling to ask more lest he got into trouble, so he told Zhen Hui, “Junior Brother, go to the yards nearby and yell for help. Make sure everybody heard of you, instead of just one person.”

When patrolling the temple, they did not have anything to signal others with.

Zhen Hui nodded and was about to walk outside.

Knowing danger was imminent, Zhen Yong lowered his voice and said, “My two junior brothers, do you know what scripts did the package earlier contained?”

Seeing Meng Qi and Zhen Hui stared at him, he spoke somewhat smugly.

“Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture!”

“What?” Meng Qi cried in surprise. That was the Supreme Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture, one of Shaolin Temple treasures that could turn bad into good.

The scripture was passed down only in the forms of scripts because it was neither Dharmakaya nor Supreme Kungfu for Exterior-level. It must be under secretive and thorough protection, but how could a normal warrior-monk like Zhen Yong get it!

There must be someone else! A person beyond his imagination!

“So? If you forget what happened, I’ll share the scripture with you,” Zhen Yong said in low voice, as if he was an evil spirit that was good at temptation.

Meng Qi did not want to have anything to do with such terrible things, but he could not forget the Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture that equals Dharmakaya. He fell into an internal struggle and hesitated.

“Senior Brother, I kicked that package off the cliff… ” Zhen Hui said weakly.

Meng Qi puffed and collected himself. How could he allow greed to blindfold him!

If he chose Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture and let Zhen Yong go, the person behind Zhen Yong would look for chances to kill them. And he would not be able to be cautious of those attacks because he did not know who it was.

It was such a pity… Meng Qi sighed as he looked down the cloudy and misty deep gulf. It was said that it was surrounded by poisonous air and only a few creatures could survive there. These creatures had endured for thousands of years with great power. Perhaps only someone with Exterior strength could take such adventure.

“Fell, fell down… ” Zhen Yong seemed to have lost his mind.

Meng Qi signaled Zhen Hui to immediately inform others before any unexpected events happened.

It was so scary that even Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture showed up!

Zhen Hui ran out, rushing to yards nearby. Meng Qi paced around as he watched Zhen Yong, vigilantly guarding against any attacks.

After a while, he heard Zhen Hui’s scream from afar, finally relieving him.

Sometimes later, Zhen Yong collected himself and made a last attempt to say, “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, though the scripture fell down the cliff, I’ve finished almost a half of it and remember first chapter of cultivation. If you release me, I’ll tell you the content. You’ll definitely have an opportunity to read everything in the future.”

“And I’ll leave immediately. No one will know what happened. I’ll tell you when I leave who you should go to for the scripture.”

Meng Qi curled his lip and was about to speak when a dark figure jumped out of the forest and hit Zhen Yong on the back with one palm!

Due to him loosening his vigilance, Meng Qi was unable to block the attack!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56: The Killer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The black shadow jumped out from the woods, it was as if the ground had shrunk to just inches, and before Meng Qi could react, his palm landed on the acupoint of Zhen Yong’s back.

This hit seemed nothing out of the ordinary, no one could make out its strength or origins. But Zhen Yong’s acupoint was sealed, and both his hands were bound. He had no time to make any effective reactions. His eyes were wide, his mouth opened and blood sprayed out, and he fell with a stunned expression frozen on his face.

Judging from the moves of the black-cloaked man, Meng Qi thought, “This is definitely a skilled killer of the enlightenment period!” At the same time, his pupils shrunk and he drew his Buddhist Commandment Blade, ready to fight to the death.

Meng Qi knew he could not just rely on defense, he had to make the black-cloaked man understand that he, too, was not an easy adversary. But this could only be achieved by attacking and fighting to the end. The black-cloaked man realized that rushing would not solve anything, only then did he worry about the other monks that were called in by Zhen Hui, hoping they would realize the difficulty and withdraw.

The black-cloaked man was wearing a night-traveling cloak with only his nostrils and eyes exposed. After killing Zhen Yong, he did not stop, and he went toward Meng Qi without hesitation. He lifted his right palm, turning it around in the air, looking as if the wind from his palm could cover the heaven and earth.

Meng Qi felt that no matter how he transformed his body, which of the “Lightning Changes” steps that he used, he would still be covered by the palm wind of the shadow. Meng Qi could not hide nor escape!

What a palmsmashing art!

Wise and accessible, peaceful and stately, the palm covered the heaven and earth!

Meng Qi realized this was the Buddhist’s mystical palm. When mastered to a high level, perhaps it could not “contain the whole country in the palm”, or suppress all things, but it could shut down all of Meng Qi’s transformations despite its simple appearance.

Faced with this palm, Meng Qi clearly knew that due to his deficiency in bladesmanship, be it the Blood Bladesmanship or the Blade Art of Five Tigers Cracking the Gate Bladesmanship, he could not break through this kind of binding. His “Lightning Changes” were lacking inner understanding, hence he could not step out of the Heaven Trawl and Earth Mesh, and his fourth level Golden Bell Shield could perhaps only take one hit of the palm.

When the black-cloaked man attacked with his palm, he never doubted whether it would hit the still-unenlightened acolyte-monk. He had confidence in his mystical palm, in his own Kung Fu.

Prajna in the hand, Buddha in the heart, all the sufferings, peace was across the coast!

In the moment of life and death there was much horror, yet Meng Qi shut his eyes and smiled slightly, as if he were enjoying the solemnity and peace that came with the hit of that palm.

Then, the blade flashed, and the beautiful noise could be heard!

This flash of blade was like beautiful art, entering into the black-cloaked man’s eyes. His eyes suddenly turned soft and kind, like he remembered the faint aroma of Hong Xiu flowers and the softness of gentle voices. He remembered kneeling in front of Buddha in the middle of the night but still could not be calm inside.

Then, his eyes showed signs of pain, like guilt, like self-blame, but not an ounce of remorse.

Since peace had been broken, then where was the prajna? The black-cloaked man’s mystical palm, which could contain heaven and earth, had turned into an ordinary palm.

“Damn!” The black-cloaked man came to his senses, but the flash of the blade was nearing him!

His pupils contracted rapidly, because he never thought the seemingly weak acolyte could make such a stunning blade move.

The light spread, and he backed off.

A deep palm print was left on Meng Qi’s left shoulder. His body had a golden glow, like the cracks on a turtle shell, dark in color.

The black-cloaked man’s abdomen had a very deep wound, his guts could almost be seen.

A layer of mist could be seen around his body, and he covered his abdomen with his hands to prevent blood from dripping out. Then he lifted his right palm to attack once again seemingly.

Meng Qi dropped his shoulders, blade in hand. Again, he was prepared to battle to the death.

The black-cloaked man stepped forward, his body suddenly bowed heavily. He looked at Meng Qi sternly, then did a sparrowhawk flip move and jumped into the woods.

A few breaths later, footsteps could be heard.

“Senior Brother, are you okay?” Zhen Hui ran in and asked worriedly. He saw a dead Zhen Yong lying horizontally on the ground, and Meng Qi standing stiffly.

Meng Qi saw that a lot of yellow- and gray-robed monks were behind him, so he felt at ease and said huskily, “Come and give me a hand.”

He could not even stand still!

Although the black-cloaked man’s palm was interrupted by the “Peace Breaker” move, and the strength pulled back under the threat of Meng Qi’s Buddhist Commandment Blade, he was still a skilled fighter of the enlightenment period. The palm still landed on Meng Qi’s left shoulder, almost breaking his Golden Bell Shield.

“The killer was definitely not at the beginning stages of Enlightenment, otherwise a palm that was not at full strength would not have done such damage.” Meng Qi thought as he measured the black-cloaked man’s strength.

He got to the fourth level of Golden Bell Shield Kung Fu, and used it to negate most of the palm strength. Therefore, he was not badly hurt. It was just after using the “Peace Breaker” move that he was weakened. After all, it was high-level bladesmanship—although Meng Qi had only managed to unleash half of its strength.

Zhen Hui rushed to Meng Qi and held him with the other monks. A plain-looking Deacon Monk carefully checked the cause of Zhen Yong’s death, then checked Meng Qi’s wounds.

The other monks split up to search around.

“The palm power is vigorous and firm, so he must be a highly skilled fighter of Enlightenment.” The Deacon Monk nodded softly, then said, “Pity, he covered up his style quite well. It’s hard to tell which supreme art it was from.”

“Uncle Master, there’s something important. I don’t know if Zhen Hui had told you, but Zhen Yong and that killer had conspired together and copied Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture!” Meng Qi said without holding anything back.

The black-cloaked man had escaped, which meant he was in the dark, and Meng Qi was in the light. Meng Qi thought he would not be able to eat or sleep well. He hoped that things were serious enough to put all the focus on finding the killer behind the scenes.

As for the “oiled paper package” that was dropped, not to mention whether it could survive after being polluted by the poisonous gasses, just knowing that the scrolls of mystery had been dropped, the Shaolin Temple would send people to find it. If it were kept from them, they would ask about the whereabouts of the scrolls of mystery and whether it had been hidden.

“What? Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture?” The Deacon Monk that asked the questions was shocked, those monks who heard Meng Qi felt the same shock. There were a lot of facial expressions present, but all could be boiled down to shock and disbelief.

“That’s right.” Since Meng Qi’s strength had recovered a bit, he told them about all that had happened. The monks that came to the aid all were astounded, as if the devil had fallen on this peaceful place.

“This is big, this is huge. Xuan Yuan go to the Bodhi Yard and report this quickly. Xuan Hua, you go to the Commandment Yard.” The Deacon Monk in front of Meng Qi instructed them, trembling, with his face as white as a ghost. Since the construction of the temple, this was perhaps the first time that someone actually had successfully stolen the temple’s treasure.

When the yellow-robed monks left, he looked at Meng Qi and said, “Excuse me, my two nephews. Since this is no little matter, I have to search you both.”

This was just in case they had conspired together and made up a story about the scrolls of mystery being dropped off the cliff, when in fact, they had secretly copied Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture.

To avoid suspicion, Meng Qi was happy to oblige and prove his innocence, he had nothing on him anyway. He had to practice Golden Bell Shield, Blood Bladesmanship, and Lightning Changes, the scrolls to which were all kept in the meditation room.

“I do understand Uncle Master, however, I believe it would be best if you arrange a search for all monks. Because only Shaolin monks can come and go during the enlightenment period, and I am quite certain the killer used Buddhism’s mystical skills,” Meng Qi said. He only wanted to find the killer quickly, hence he urged the Uncle Master. “I managed to cut his abdomen with my Buddhist Commandment Blade, the cut was deep, hence it couldn’t be healed in a short time, which is why I’m pushing Uncle Master to check every monk.

“This is an emergency. We should prevent the killer from hearing this information and start cutting monks up to blend in,” he added.

“You… you cut his abdomen?” The Deacon Monk asked rhetorically. He could not believe that a young acolyte who had just been accepted into the temple and obviously had not been enlightened could hurt a highly skilled fighter in the enlightenment period.

When Meng Qi described the details of the battle, to hide his Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship, his words were very vague. The monks all thought that the black-cloaked man was pushed back by his will to fight to the death, or their timely appearance. Who knew that he actually hurt a skilled fighter in the enlightenment period!

“Uncle Master, I was just lucky. Please arrange the search.” Meng Qi did not want to reveal everything, then added, “Uncle Master, I’m quite certain that the black-cloaked man must be a monk in the nearby yards. He must have heard Zhen Hui’s words, and relying on his familiarity with the surroundings, came for the kill. Otherwise, if he had been hiding nearby for a while, Zhen Hui would not have the opportunity to inform you.”

“But he wore a night-traveling cloak, and we got here pretty fast… ” the Deacon Monk said, obviously a little suspicious. The time it took to change clothing would negate the killer’s familiarity with the surroundings, hence he would not have any chance to kill or escape.

Meng Qi thought for a moment and said, “Perhaps tonight, coincidentally, was the night that he exchanged scrolls with Zhen Yong, and when he got back, he hadn’t changed clothes yet… Uncle Master, when searching, please also take into account the absentees from nearby yards!”

He felt that he made more sense as he went on.

“Amitabha, do as Meng Qi says.” An older monk wearing a red cassock instructed as he walked in.

The Deacon Monk quickly put his palms together and said, “Uncle Master No Gain, I will follow your instructions at once.”

The older monk acknowledged, signaling to forget about formalities. He looked towards Meng Qi and Zhen Hui, announced his Buddhist title and said, “My apologies for the offense.”

He extended his right hand, grabbed the air, and both Meng Qi and Zhen Hui’s frocks bulged. They felt like a gust of wind was blowing over them.

“Zhen Hui, take me to the path you took to inform us.” No Gain requested and retrieved his right hand, certain that Meng Qi and Hui Zhen did not have the scrolls on them.

Asking Zhen Hui to lead was a precaution, just in case the informing act was just a cover for snatching the scrolls of mystery.

Zhen Hui looked at Meng Qi, afraid that his Senior Brother would fall if he left.

Meng Qi smiled at him, stretched his limbs to show that he had recovered quite a bit of his strength. Only then did Zhen Hui leave with No Gain.

The rest of the monks started searching the cliff and the woods, extending their hands beyond the edge and touching all the cliff cracks, trying not to miss any spot.

After a while, No Gain returned with Zhen Hui, asking how Meng Qi felt when the killer had attacked him.

Meng Qi truthfully revealed all of his feelings during the attack. No Gain’s eyebrows clenched as he listened, then said, “This kind of palmsmashing art is quite rare… ”

Then, the Deacon Monk also returned, followed by the Master of both Meng Qi and Zhen Hui, Xuan Bei Master, along with the Teaching Monk Zhen Miao, whom Meng Qi was very familiar.

Zhen Miao had a weird expression on his face, a mixture of anger, sadness, uncertainty, shock, and suspicion. The Deacon Monk had a similar expression, but only Xuan Bei was expressionless.

“Uncle Master No Gain, when we searched the yard, we found that Zhen Chang has killed himself in his meditation room. His abdomen was injured and he left a farewell letter.” The Deacon Monk reported as he submitted the letter, looking at Meng Qi thoughtfully, surprised that he could hurt Disciple Zhen Chang, who was the strongest in his generation.

“Senior Brother Zhen Chang?” Meng Qi was beyond belief that such an ambitious and obedient monk would conspire with Zhen Yong and do such a thing!

And commit suicide?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57: Death of Zhen Chang
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Senior Brother Zhen Chang?”

“Nephew Zhen Chang?”

Monks who searched for cliffs could hardly restrain their consternation and blurted out one after another. They did not dare to believe that Zhen Chang, the best disciple of the “Zhen” generation, should collude with those with evil purposes and steal the script in their own sect, which was finally exposed, resulting in Zhen Chang’s suicide. Nor could they believe that Zhen Ding, who just reached the primary level of Qi-cultivation a year ago, could hurt Zhen Chang with “Luohan Exorcism Skill” and “Prajna Palm”, both in small perfection, because even the monks in the “Xuan” generation were not sure that they themselves could have hurt Zhen Chang!

With both shock and doubt, these monks looked to Meng Qi with a little speculation, suspicion, and fear.

Since there was no time for Zhen Chang to fold his posthumous paper which could only be written in haste, Wu De cast a glance at the paper and changed his expression greatly, saying to Xuan Bei, “Nephew Xuan Bei, this matter is of great significance. So I must report to His Abbotship immediately. You stay here for supervision.”

He was afraid that there might be accomplices of Zhen Chang and Zhen Yong among the monks. Therefore, only with Xuan Bei, an Elder like himself, could Wu De feel more assured.

“Yes, Uncle Master.” Standing on the side of Wu De, Xuan Bei had seen the whole content of the paper, knowing that this matter was more serious than imagined.

Just before he took a step, Wu De suddenly thought of something, and said again, “Nephew Xuan Bei, before the investigation is made clear, I must temporarily have your two disciples separated from the others and respectively live alone in a yard.”

Anyway, it was very serious that Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture was almost stolen. Although it was Meng Qi and Zhen Hui who exposed the matter, they could not get rid of suspicion at that time. For example, someone might have suspected that they were accomplices of the thieves and exposed this matter because of infighting, or they might be motivated by their greed to hide the scripture.

Xuan Bei nodded his head slightly. “Uncle Master. It is up to you.”

Wu De nodded slowly and said to Meng Qi and Zhen Hui, “May the Buddha preserve us. Zhen Ding and Zhen Hui, you have been wronged now. When the whole thing comes to light, masters in the Bodhi Yard will not refuse to give you a reward. Xuan Zhuang and Zhen Miao, you two take Zhen Ding and Zhen Hui to live in a nearby yard for a short while. Besides, no one can enter the yard without the permission of His Abbotship.”

Then the previous Deacon Monk and Zhen Miao led Meng Qi and Zhen Hui away from the cliff to a yard that had been out of repair for years.

Meng Qi was so curious about the paper. So when Xuan Zhuang guarded the outer door and Zhen Miao watched the inner court, Meng Qi went near Zhen Miao with a seemingly very familiar look, saying, “Senior Brother Zhen Miao, do you know who instigated Senior Brother Zhen Chang? I can’t believe Senior Brother Zhen Chang as a real disciple would betray Shaolin.”

The paper was not folded directly on the table, so Zhen Miao and Xuan Zhuang, who found it first, had seen its contents. At this time, hearing Meng Qi’s words, Zhen Miao glanced at Meng Qi with a complicated facial expression. “I do not believe it. Senior Brother Zhen Chang had an excellent gift and peace of mind. No matter ‘Lohan demon magic’, or ‘Prajna palm’, which is very difficult to accomplish, he rapidly made progress. What’s more, Senior Brother Zhen Chang was imparted the first volume of Muscle-bone Strengthening Scriptureafter passing Bronzemen Lane and returning from his travel. I really don’t understand why he would be willing to take the odd risk of copying supreme arts and script for Zhen Yong.”

Although he had a strong ambition to overtake Zhen Chang, Zhen Miao, the same as one of the most outstanding disciples of the “Zhen” generation, inevitably felt sad for the death of Zhen Chang, one of his kind.

“Maybe Senior Brother Zhen Chang suffered threats and his family was caught,” Meng Qi conjectured.

Zhen Miao shook his head, saying, “Senior Brother Zhen Chang is an orphan and grew up in Shaolin, which is his family.”

“Honey-trap?” Zhen Hui eagerly asked, thinking that in the stories told by Senior Brother Meng Qi many heroes fail to pull through the beauty pass.

“How could that be possible? There is no woman in the temple! Senior Brother Zhen Chang has helped Zhen Yong steal scriptures for the whole year rather than doing it just after peregrinating.” Zhen Miao rejected it again.

At that moment, Meng Qi also could not think of a better reason and had to follow Zhen Miao’s words, asking, “Is it not stated in the posthumous paper of Senior Brother Zhen Chang?”

“Senior Brother Zhen Chang only briefly said he was deluded into breaking the sacred rules of Shaolin and abandoning himself to vice,” Zhen Miao said. “Anyway, the content of the paper is of great significance, but does not involve the secret that he needed to hide.”

Meng Qi took a light breath. “What about Senior Brother Zhen Yong? Did he mention why he stole the scriptures?”

“Zhen Yong, who had been trained as a man of sacrifice by Jin Gang Temple from childhood, came here for the purpose of stealing scriptures,” Zhen Miao answered with an unhappy look.

“Jin Gang Temple?” Mengqi repeated in shock. “It was Jin Gang Temple! It was actually beyond expectation but stands to reason!”

However, the fact that Zhen Yong stole scriptures so easily still made people feel that things were complicated.

“Hum.” Zhen Miao said nothing else, but gave a complicated look to Meng Qi. “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, the most surprising is you. Only by one move of your blade did you hurt Senior Brother Zhen Chang and make him exposed and offer up his life as penance. When did your blade art reach such a level?”

If I were Senior Brother Zhen Chang, perhaps I would not only become injured! Zhen Ding’s Kung Fu and bladesmanship have actually gone so far as to be so scary and horrifying?

It was less than a year!

Is it because Uncle Master Xuan Bei teaches Zhen Ding very well and secretly gave more resources of cultivation, or because Zhen Ding has another secret?

Meng Qi made hollow laugh twice. “In order to kill Zhen Yong, Senior Brother Zhen Chang was so hasty that he exposed a flaw. Thus, I could desperately catch him.”

It turns out to be Prajna Palm that contains the world and seal all the changes. It really deserves the reputation it enjoys!

Well, since Zhen Yong is one spy of Jin Gang Temple, his bladesmanship should be one of the three great bladesmanships of Jin Gang Temple—”Cut Vexation Bladesmanship”, “Exorcism Bladesmanship”, or “Cut Karma Bladesmanship”, I do not know… Anyway, the bladesmanship Zhen Yong cultivated has subtle changes and profound meaning, but Zhen Yong did poorly in it—he did not realize the meaning of the bladesmanship , nor did he know the elaborate changes. What he used were probably the movements only with little power left through a number of simplifications.

Secretly recalling Zhen Yong’s bladesmanship, Meng Qi tried his best to figure out the changes made to his bladesmanship for his own accumulation in bladesmanship.

This was a rare opportunity, for the three great bladesmanships of Jin Gang Temple had an equal reputation with only a few excellent bladesmanships, such as “Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship”, honored as the climax of bladesmanship.

“Right? Senior Brother Zhen Chang is not such a careless person.” Zhen Miao did not quite believe what Meng Qi said.

Seeing that, Meng Qi pretended to be suffering from the injury, pacing back to the meditation room for harmonizing his Qi-circulation and healing the injury.

After a short eye-closing rest, a grand solemn voice came into Meng Qi’s mind:

“The third Samsara begins!

“This mission is a single mission for each member of the squad.”

“Single mission?” Meng Qi was shocked and then plunged into a brief darkness, real darkness.

…

The breeze brought coolness; the river expanded vastly; waves sounded still.

Holding his chin with his left hand, Meng Qi looked to the sporadic lights of fishing boats in the distance and listened to the sound of tinkling round his ears, a little lost.

After starting the Samsara task, he found himself not first entering the space, but appearing directly on the bow of a three-story junk ship.

“Fortunately, the Pearfower Storm Needles were sent to me… There is a Buddhist Commandment Blade for self-defense… ” Meng Qi fell on the bow with a heavy feeling in his arms. When stretching out his hands to touch, he found the Pearfower Storm Needles which were placed in the Samsara space, and his Buddhist Commandment Blade for patrolling hung at his waist.

With tinkles lingering in his ears, Meng Qi restrained his thoughts, propping his chin with his left hand, and watched the battle on the deck with interest.

“The pace is too monotonous…

“That blade move is simply funny!”

He muttered, interestedly evaluating the fighting among two men and a woman, of whom one, wearing a black robe and a grinning ape mask, fiercely carried a Buddhist Commandment Blade and forced the couple-like man and woman with swords in a flurry. Wounds were scratched one after another with the blood flowing, which showed that the man and woman would be killed before long.

On finishing “time-travel”, Meng Qi came to see such a bloody scene—The deck was full of corpses, men and women, the old and the young, all of whom were basically wounded in their throats, only leaving three people alive in front of him. Obviously, the weirdo wearing an ape mask was the murderer.

Having seen this for a while, Meng Qi touched his chin, conjecturing. “I do not know what level such a fight belongs to in this world… ” At that time, wind from the river violently blew his frock.

The couple-like young pair, though in front of Meng Qi, did not notice Meng Qi leisurely watching, for they were obsessed with fighting. After the man was hurt by a blade again, the woman with her hair worn in a bun, angrily said, “You, one of the Twelve Beasts, are so utterly devoid of conscience. In the future, there must be retribution!”

“Have no conscience?” The ape-masked man laughed with a deliberately altered, hoarse voice. “Why not take on the mission if someone pays the price? And this time it is your guilt of owning the Treasure Map. Give me the map, and I will leave you a whole corpse! No mission taken by us, the ‘Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods’, has ever failed!”

Forced by his Buddhist Commandment Blade, the woman stood unsteadily and stumbled forward. If the man did not block the blade with his sword, the woman would probably have gotten hurt in the center of her back, and would have even passed away by now.

Having been stumbled for a while, the woman finally managed to stand firm. On the point of turning around and rejoining in the battle, she saw a smiling young monk in gray standing on the bow, glancing over her.

He had his left hand supporting his chin, sitting lazily. He was not old enough, but already looked somewhat handsome.

Who is he?

When did he appear on board?

The woman felt so scared that she blurted out, “Who?”

Having heard the word, the man wearing an ape mask used two knives to force back his opponents. His split vision swept around, and he rushed straight to Meng Qi without thinking.

Mr. and Mrs. Zhang Zongxian are also on the decline and cannot escape. However, it is the unexpected monk who worries me!

Having made a fast decision, he rushed toward Meng Qi in a minute, having his Buddhist Commandment Blade crosswise cutting unusually ferociously, which showed a little sense of a sneak-attack.

Meng Qi intended to weigh the Kung Fu Masters of the world. So he slightly turned his head side, watching the Buddhist Commandment Blade falling on his shoulder.

Seeing Meng Qi still sitting blankly, seemingly caught off-guard, the man in the ape mask could not help feeling satisfied with his decision, and exerted more power wholeheartedly, vowing to split this spoiler into two pieces.

“Clank!”

He felt as if he had cut into iron or cut into a boulder, resulting in not being able to inch forward. What was worse, the following counterforce made him lose the control of the Buddhist Commandment Blade.

What? What is this Thwart Kung Fu?

He was shocked and frightened, and he did not dare to believe that he was only able to break the clothing on the monk’s shoulder with just a white mark remaining.

This is too horrible, right? I’m afraid his skill is on a par with “Tong Zi Kungfu” Bei Ku, the divine monk of the Fa Xuan Sect, that he has cultivated for 40 years! He is one of the Seven Great Masters in the world!

This monk is a monster! Where did he come from?!

He turned around and flew away faster than he had come to kill Meng Qi. But at that time, a saber, coming from one side, had a weird angle which sealed off his first escape route.

Biting his teeth, the man in the ape mask turned around again, and opened his mouth to shoot a straight, dark light toward Meng Qi’s face.

This is his life-saving concealed weapon !

The concealed weapon came so fast in the short distance. Meng Qi closed his eyes, letting the weapon hit him.

“Clank!”

The concealed weapon hit Meng Qi’s face, leaving no trace.

After shooting the concealed weapon, the man, called one of the Twelve Beasts, took the opportunity to run by Meng Qi so as to escape by jumping into the river. He never thought that the weapon could break through such a terrifying Thwart Kung Fu, but only wanted to distract Meng Qi in order to seek an opportunity to escape.

Waves swirled against the boat. The man was just about to happily jump down when a Buddhist Commandment Blade cut from an unimaginable angle, directly breaking his lower abdomen.

With his legs folding under him, he fell forward. Around his ear, the sound of waves was still heard, but got weaker.

How can there be such a terrible monster…

Turning his back to the man, Meng Qi took back his Buddhist Commandment Blade gracefully while cursing in his heart endlessly. Originally, he just wanted to capture the man for intelligence, but the flashing concealed weapon almost let his rival escape, so he had to fight ruthlessly so as not to cause some following troubles.

Seeing the handsome monk in gray kill one of the horrible Twelve Beats in Jianghu without looking back to see where the man was, the couple stood in amazement, even suspecting that they were dreaming.

Except for the Seven grandmasters, they were afraid only a handful of people in Jianghu could do it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58: Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Meng Qi thought he had done well with this slash. It fully conformed to his requirements of being a handsome and elegant move. Thus he said nothing and waited for the couple to snap back into focus.

After a moment, the scarf-wearing man looked at the body behind Meng Qi and swallowed. Carefully and excitedly, he said, “I’m Zhang Zongxian and this is my son, Li Xinyu. Thank you for saving our lives. Would you let us know your Buddhist name?”

He dared not call this acolyte with formidable power a Little Master.

“My name is Zhen Ding. By chance, I walked by and noticed something happening, so I decided to come and take a look.” Meng Qi patted his frock and leisurely stood up.

It would be better if he was wearing a white frock!

“Alas. My son and I survived thanks to you coming to our rescue.” Zhang Zongxian sighed and gave Meng Qi a deep bow along with his wife.

Meng Qi put his palms together and spoke as if he was an esteemed monk. “Amitabha. Saving one life is better than building a seven-storey pagoda.”

He smiled at Zhang Zongxian and his wife, waiting for them to tell him the cause of this attack.

Zhang Zongxian felt the necessity to explain. After all, Meng Qi roped himself into this issue to save their lives. He must give him a proper explanation. And Innea Monkey had brought up the Treasure Map a few times. He wondered how much Meng Qi had heard…

His expression was solemn as he said, “My son and I accidentally received a Treasure Map, a relic of the great Snow God Palace of yesteryear. But somehow information was leaked and someone asked the murderous and plundering Twelve Beasts to snatch the treasure. The opponent you killed earlier is one of them, Zodiac Monkey.”

Meng Qi had a rough idea of what was going on, but he was still unclear on some of the terminologies used. He frankly said, “I have lived in the west since young and just returned recently. May I ask you to explain about Snow God Palace and the Twelve Beasts?”

Oh… Zhang Zongxian and Li Xinyu looked like they finally understood the reason why. No wonder they had never heard of a monk with such excellent kungfu! And there were no rumors in the Jianghu about someone like him!

Concealing her surprised expression, Lin Xinyu said, “Master Zhen Ding, Snow God Palace was the most powerful sect in the world 50 years ago. But unfortunately, those in the sect led decadent lives and eventually lost themselves to the demon. After becoming immortals, they bossed around others in Jianghu. Later, the sect was attacked by various sects. After several ups and downs, the sect eventually broke down 30 years ago. Only one or two secrets remained in Jianghu. But it was said the head of Snow God Palace had predicted this outcome and secretly buried numerous treasures, scripts, and Magical Arms for a comeback one day.”

“Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods is a secret organization in Jianghu. There are only 12 formal members. They use animal signs as nicknames and all have great strength. Their moves are always mysterious. They accept any job as long as the client can pay what they want. Whenever they’re not doing a job, they often involve themselves in some major events in Jianghu. They’re obviously scheming some big. In Jianghu, they’re called the Twelve Beasts.”

“Great strength? How great are they?” Meng Qi asked plainly.

Ennea Monkey’s strength earlier was near Enlightenment. Meng Qi could only easily behead it due to the dreadfulness of his fourth stage of Golden Bell Shield.

His was a technique comparable with Dharmakaya, whose fourth stage was far better than most Thwart Kung Fu in the same level. With Ennea Monkey’s strength, it could not have hurt Meng Qi without Jiang Zhiwei’s Sword of the Sun-Penetrating Rainbow. As for the masters who had opened up the eye acupuncture, if their kungfu were not on his level, they had to use at least 80 percent of their strength to hurt him. And the damage reduction was obvious.

Based on information related to Golden Bell Shield, Meng Qi speculated that the masters who had just reached Enlightenment needed at least three or four palms with their full strength to break his Golden Bell Shield.

Zhang Zongxian was momentarily silent, thinking about how to describe it in a proper way. After a few breaths, he smiled. “The Seven Grandmasters in the world are the best masters who have opened the Secret Chambers. This includes most of the Twelve Beasts and they’re considered some of the very best masters. In terms of the realm, they’re second only to Grandmasters. It’s said two among them are Masters who have opened the Secret Chambers, but they’re deeply hidden.”

“So you’d best not underestimate the Twelve Beasts, Master Zhen Ding,” Li Xinyu warned.

Meng Qi slightly nodded. “Who’s better and worse among the Seven Grandmasters?”

The Body Secret Chamber sounded quite similar to the Enlightenment, but there may be some differences…

He found it uncomfortable to ask about the technique in detail in case he seemed ignorant. Further, the couple was not strong enough to be familiar with that level.

“Fights between the Seven Grandmasters are rare. We truly don’t know. But their fights with other masters are all intense.” Zhang Zongxian shook his head.

Li Xinyu also nodded and said, “The exact Master who has opened up which Secret Chamber is a personal secret. Outsiders can only guess.”

“And who are the Seven Grandmasters?” These were the people Meng Qi should pay most attention to.

“Fa Xuanzong Grief divine monk, Cui Xu Castellan of Destiny City, Luo Qing the Swordsman in White, Wu Caisha the Ice Needle, Che Wanxiu the Snow Blade, Gai Yuan the Skyscraping Devil, and Duan Xiangfei the Mr. Leisure… ” Zhang Zongxian briefly introduced the Seven Grandmasters, including their titles, appearances, and the kungfu they mastered.

Meng Qi smiled as he listened. “The meeting of fated people is a blessing and thus shall not be missed. I shall not delay you from leaving. But if the Twelve Beasts come to you again in the future, how will you deal with them?”

He casually mentioned this.

Different expressions fleeted across Li Xinyu’s face and she said, “Master, Senior Cui Xu of Destiny City is my close friend. We have planned on taking refuge with her in Destiny City. No matter how savage Twelve Beasts are, they dare not run amok there.”

“Then I’m reassured. How far is it here to Destiny City?” Meng Qi wondered why there were no mission hints this time.

Did this mission need a trigger? Should he head to Destiny City?

Li Xinyu slightly took a breath. “It takes about two hours if you go down along the river.”

At this moment, Zhang Zongxian seemed to have made a decision. He took out an old fur and said, “Master Zhen Ding, my son and I were too greedy earlier. How dare we convert this treasure? Please take this source of trouble and mitigate our disaster.”

Earlier Enna Monkey had revealed Treasure Map, so he chose to confess rather than making up another lie that the Twelve Beasts were chasing after him. He had sobered up and overcame his greed. He was unwilling to risk being killed and robbed by this monk before him.

Looking at the Treasure Map, Meng Qi smiled and said, “Is there a meaning to this? If I desire this treasure, I’ll still kill those who know about it to prevent information from leaking.”

He was still not used to referring himself as a monk each time.

Zhang Zongxian and Li Xinyu’s faces suddenly paled. They both had seen the fight between Ennea Monkey and Master Zhen Ding. They knew they were definitely not his match.

The monk looked only about 13 or 14, barely an adult. How could he have such powerful kungfu? Even if he had been practicing since a very young age, he still could not possibly kill a first class master as if he was killing a dog!

Was he some old monster who had broken through the limit of Body Secret Chamber, breaching the limits of Snow God Palace set on human beings and immortals, and renewed his youth?

“You should go on now.” Meng Qi paused and looked up the sky, a little embarrassed. “Well, you can make a copy of the Treasure Map for me.”

If he had spare time, exploring treasures could improve his mission appraisement. What was more, there were many things that he could find that could be exchanged with Karma points.

It was his first time to truly explore Jianghu. And he did not have similar experience in his past life, thus naturally he could not plunder. But it was not his style anyway.

“There’s no need. It’ll only spell disaster for us if we have it,” Li Xinyu said firmly.

Meng Qi shook his hands. “Without the Treasure Map, how can you calmly settle down in Destiny City for a long time? Make a copy and take it for your own use.”

When it came to treasure-hunting, there ought to be someone to explore the place before him. It was not the best idea to hastily go himself. Additionally, he may not even have the time for it.

Seeing Meng Qi’s sincerity, Zhang Zongxian tore a white cloth from the body and copied the map with blood. Then they left the original map on the deck, again giving a big bow, and left with the boat by the river.

Meng Qi put away the Treasure Map, and still he did not find any mission hint. He crouched down, worried, and uncovered Ennea Monkey’s mask.

Behind the mask was a good looking middle-aged monk, his face frozen in shock and panic.

Meng Qi searched the monk’s body and only found a peculiar token, neither gold nor wood. It felt cold to the touch, with a smiling monkey head carved on it.

“Is this identification of Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods?” Tossing the token, an idea came up to him. Meng Qi put on the mask and walked back and forth.

Since before the time-travel, he was deeply interested in various mysterious organizations, particularly those secret and powerful ones.

“I’ll also establish a mysterious organization later and I’ll be the mastermind… ” Meng Qi relied on these thoughts to ease his mood. “What should I call it? Saint Seiya Knights of Goddess? But it doesn’t seem right… ”

Just then, a tired voice came from the direction of the river. “Is that Mr. Zodiac Monkey of Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods up front?”

“Ah?” Meng Qi was momentarily stunned. Was he regarded as Ennea Monkey just like this?

“I’m Duan Xiangfei. I’m here with a request for you.” A shallop came down the river, with an old scholar standing on the bow.

“Mr. Leisure?” Meng Qi was rather stunned to see it was one of the Seven Grandmasters, Duan Xiangfei! What was it that he could not do himself, but needed to find Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods to complete?

If he denied he was the monkey now, Duan Xiangfei might kill him!

Though Meng Qi was really afraid, he decided to cautious in his pretense. Though, once he threw his mask away after Duan Xiangfei left, where will he even start looking for him?

Suddenly the blood on the deck started moving, shaping several words:

“You’ve triggered the Primary Mission. Pretend to be Zodiac Monkey and accept Duan Xiangfei’s task in finding his son, Duan Mingcheng. If you succeed, you’ll be rewarded 150 Karma points. If you fail, 150 Karma points will be deducted.”

“You’ve triggered the Side Mission. Sneak into the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods and find out its secret. If you succeed, you’ll be rewarded 150 Karma points. If you fail, there’s no punishment.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59: Remuneration
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Standing leisurely on the bow, Duan Xiangfei’s expression was gentle and his temperament relaxed. He looked more like an erudite than a martial artist. But deep exhaustion was etched on his face and the wrinkles between his eyebrows barely concealed the helplessness within.

“That’s me.” He cupped his hands in way of a greeting. With a sudden sink, the shallop slowed down abruptly, as if it was loaded with a heavy boulder. Now it was logging at the same speed as the junk ship Meng Qi was on.

Meng Qi squinted, estimating the strength of one of the so-called Seven grandmasters. Judging from his Qi control earlier, he gathered that he might need to exert all his efforts to deal with Duan Xiangfei, whose level was much higher. “Mr. Leisure, are you joking? In this world, are there things you would be incapable of doing?”

He imitated Ennea Monkey’s approach and deliberately spoke with a low, hoarse voice. This way, no one would recognize him to be a fake. The monkey also used a fake voice anyway.

Duan Xiangfei shook his head and smiled wryly. “There are certain occasions when a man’s power is limited. In this world, there are many things that I’m helpless to do. The passage of time, aging of beauties, there are also irrevocable things for any mortal. Mr. Monkey, if I’m not forced to this, do you think I’ll be willing to deal with Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods?”

“Oh? I’m intrigued that there’s something Mr. Leisure cannot achieve.” Now that he knew it was his mission, Meng Qi would have to accept this request. But he cannot be too eager lest he provoked Duan Xiangfei’s suspicion.

Duan Xiangfei sighed again. “I welcomed a son at my old age, thus he was much indulged and neither apt at literature nor martial arts. He knows nothing but idling with his friends and living an extravagant life. That would be having fine for me, since I still have some fortune for him to squander. But half year ago, disaster suddenly befell my family. My unfilial son had gone missing in Destiny City and no information was delivered thereafter. Mr. Monkey, you may have heard of this affair. Please accept my request and find my impious son. If he lives, I want to see his person. If he’s dead, I want to see his body.”

His face twitched when he said the last sentence.

Meng Qi noticed something odd as he listened. “Mr. Leisure, with your kungfu and reputation, innumerable heroes would be willing to help you. If there’s a mastermind behind this, how could he be your opponent?”

Duan Xiangfei quieted for a moment, before smiling and saying tiredly, “If I could it this way, I could’ve saved much effort searching for your whereabouts.”

He raised his right hand, showing a maimed palm without fingers. “I devoted most of my life on swordsmanship, but five years ago, a misstep cost me five fingers. If this news becomes known, many of my old enemies would certainly hunt for me. Therefore, when I found out my son was missing, I pretended to be mad and blamed him for turning on a devious road and bringing trouble to himself. I told people I had repudiated him and that I had already retired.”

“Of course, I’ve already reached this realm after all. If old enemies really come knocking at my door, I’m still capable of sacrificing this old flesh and bring them down with me.”

He said this placidly, as if he was telling someone else’s story. “I need to take some risks to save the impious son of mine, so I told you this as well. Alas, I’m already old. I no longer care about Jianghu rankings and martial competency. I only wish for my son’s safety.”

“There’s actually someone capable of hacking off your fingers,” Meng Qi said, stunned. If the actual Ennea Monkey was here, he would have probably reacted in the same way. As one of the Seven grandmasters, Duan Xiangfei’s level must be among the highest. But there was even a man who hacked off his fingers and destroyed his ability to wield a sword. How formidable must this guy be?

Duan Xiangfei squinted slightly, his proud air impressive as a top-of-the-world hero. “I wasn’t aware of such an expert in this world either. He had opened three Secret Chambers and almost touched the boundary between human and gods… ”

“Mr. Leisure, you too have no idea? How could this guy be unknown in Jianghu?” Meng Qi asked in confusion.

Duan Xiangfei shook his head. “It’s like this man appeared out of thin air. He had no reputation before our fight and reserved himself afterwards. He’s not any of the known masters, which is very strange. He’s somewhat similar to you Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods. Huh, I even wondered if he was Zodiac Dragon, the strongest among you all.”

“I have no idea of this… ” Meng Qi frowned. A man of unknown background who disappeared after completing something. This sounded a little familiar… Wait, was this man someone like him? A Samsara traveller with Karma missions!

Meng Qi thought this was very likely. Gu Xiaosang, who did not belong to Meng Qi’s team and had her own Samsara space, was transferred to their world due to a mistake. She had to use some mysterious article to disguise herself as a newbie lest her identity was discovered.

He came to this world five years ago and then disappeared. During this period, this Samsara traveller must have finished his mission and left. So there was no need to worry.

Duan Xiangfei was not here to find out who the expert was. After the description of his predicament, he asked straightforwardly, “Mr. Monkey, what remuneration can I offer you to accept this task?”

How should Meng Qi know what were the charging standards of Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods? He barked an odd laugh to mask his inexperience. “It shall depend on what Mr. Leisure can afford.”

“This old flesh is proud of nothing but the martial art he learned for a lifetime. If it pleases Mr. Monkey, after the mission is done, I’d like to give you copies of Tide-watching Chant, Sword Art of White Colt Crossing Crevice, and insights I summarized over the years.”

“Insights summarized in years? Do they involve those of Secret Chambers?” Meng Qi was already aware of the three Secret Chambers in the human body. It was different from the practice in his world. This world must have a novel method for practice. Since he had chosen Golden Bell Shield and practice through Enlightenment, he may not be able to open Secret Chambers at the same time. But it might be a good idea to check out other practice methods, for he could learn from the best out of the variety and explore the essence.

Besides he could redeem all of them for Karma points! This could be his bonus for the main task.

Duan Xiangfei smiled tiredly. “Of course it will contain insights for opening Secret Chambers of Qi and Energy, but for that of Spirit, I cannot help. I myself haven’t reached there yet.”

He knew, for martial artists at a certain level like Ennea Monkey, their most urgent need is opening up the Secret Chambers. The insights and practice methods would surely sway him.

“Mr. Leisure has already opened two great Chambers. You’re indeed one of the strongest masters.” Meng Qi did not praise him whole-heartedly, for he wanted to pry further. He had seen experts like Duo Ercha, whose moves could bring about blustering winds and surging winds with lightnings and thunders, a half-god and half-devil monster. His own master Xuan Bei was certainly stronger than Duo Ercha. Therefore he could not bring himself to truly admire Duan Xiangfei.

Duan Xiangfei sighed, smiling. “Nay. Among the three Secret Chambers, the Secret Chamber of Spirit is the most difficult to open. It involves the Primal Aperture at Mid-brows, which is particularly elusive. But once it is opened, one shall achieve a level close to god or devil, and can kill people without using his hands. Old man Cui has opened only one Secret Chamber, but it’s the Spirit one. I’m afraid I can only manage a draw with him at most.”

“So Mr. Monkey, are you willing to accept this task?”

“Not every offer could tempt me,” Meng Qi said pretentiously with his hands behind his back, his body straightened, and his frock fluttering in the wind, looking somewhat detached from secularity.

Duan Xiangfei squinted. “Then what would?”

“I’m already tempted, but there’s something lacking. I have a humble request.” The mask of the monkey head wore a perpetual smile.

Duan Xiangfei seemed relieved. “What request do you have?”

“I would like Mr. Leisure to collect some martial scriptures for me. They don’t have to be very superior. Normal ones would do, but the more the better.” Meng Qi was planning to exchange them with Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms. Though they certainly would be hugely discounted when exchanged, many pence could make pounds. Maybe he could get several hundreds of Karma points out of this deal.

And besides, every kungfu could only be exchanged once.

Duan Xiangfei frowned, bewildered by the monkey’s motive. He paused a moment and said, “This isn’t difficult. I accept.”

“Then we have a deal.” Under Meng Qi’s nodding motion, the monkey head mask looked even more ridiculous.

Duan Xiangfei sighed deeply. “Mr. Monkey, you spared no time in accepting my request. I must say it’s out of my expectations. You spared me a lot of effort. Look, after your task is done, I’d like to give you another gift. It’s not as valuable, but it’s one of my favorite belongings. It’s quite a mysterious thing.”

“What is it?” Meng Qi asked curiously.

Meng Xiangfei chuckled. “You’ll find out when you’ve completed your task.”

“These are the people my son had contact with before he went missing.” He threw a package to Meng Qi.

Then the shallop under his feet suddenly accelerated and disappeared downstream.

Holding the package, Meng Qi dubiously rubbed his chin. “So the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods never ask for a deposit when accepting a task?”

This question would not be answered. Ennea Monkey was already dead.

But he was also largely relieved, for he was deeply worried while bargaining with Duan Xiangfei. If Duan Xiangfei thought his demand was too much and threatened to find another masked Animal God instead, he would have to undersell himself desperately to get the task. It was his main mission and he could not miss it.

“Destiny City. I didn’t think I’d really have to go there, looks like I have to look for Zhang Zongxian and his wife… ” Meng Qi watched the surging river in the darkness. The couple knew Ennea Monkey was dead. He must find a way to conceal this matter.

After he browsed through the materials from Duan Xiangfei, he searched Ennea Monkey’s body and others on the deck and got some taels. Then he attached the body with a ballast roc, and pushed him into the river.

Thump! Ennea Monkey’s body was devoured by rolling waves and disappeared for good.

After everything was done, Meng Qi concealed the mask and token. He unleashed a shallop attached to the junk and steered it downstream.

Standing on the windward bow, Meng Qi, with his hands behind his back, was feeling chivalrous and heroic. He was only sorry that he had not learned Crossing Lake on a Reed.

Meng Qi arrived at Destiny City after two hours. Located along the river, the city was extended like a giant Chinese dragon.

Because it was deep into the night, the water gate of Destiny City was closed, so Meng Qi disembarked from a quay outside the city.

He did not walk for long before he caught something surprising. It was Zhang Zongxian and his wife, Li Xinyu, talking by the water gate with a girl in red.

“Amitabha. Karma is vicissitudinous as always,” Meng Qi declared the Buddha’s name from afar. “I seem to be destined with you two.”

Zhang Zongxian turned his head and exclaimed, partly surprised and partly bewildered, “Master Zhen Ding, you’re also here?”

Li Xinyu and the delicate-looking girl in red perked up in interest.

“I’ve come here to see you. The Ennea Monkey isn’t dead. He feigned death and fled into the river when I was caught off guard,” Meng Qi lied boldly. “Therefore, I came here to warn you. Best be more cautious and not tell anyone what happened today, lest the Twelve Beasts return for more atrocious revenge.”

“Many thanks to master for coming specifically to remind us.” Zhang Zongxian was sincerely grateful, for he saw no need for their savior to lie. It never occurred to him that Zhen Ding was planning to wear Ennea Monkey’s disguise.

The girl in red looked at Meng Qi curiously. “Master Zhen Ding, my name is Cui Jinxiu. I’ve to welcome Sister Xinyu and her husband. I just heard about your prowess. You’re so young for being able to defeat Ennea Monkey, one of the Twelve Beasts. I’d be very pleased if you could spar with me and show me some moves.”

Beside her stood a white-haired old man. His eyes and brows sagged down as if he was counting ants on the ground.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60: The So Called Not Quite Right
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Just as she finished speaking, she drew her longsword and pointed it towards Meng Qi, not caring that he had not had a chance to reply.

She figured that Meng Qi was younger than she was, which was why she did not want to believe that he could beat the famous “Ennea Monkey” of Jianghu.

“Such a spoiled child… ” thought Meng Qi. He wanted to practice his bladesmanship anyway, so he also drew his Buddhist Commandment Blade and chopped toward the awkward area where Cui Jinxiu felt very uneasy, forcing her to retrieve her sword.

Since youth, Cui Jinxiu had been praised by her father, Elders, brother, and Senior Brothers for her talent in martial arts, which had made her very competitive. She got into stance and displayed her sword art, with her movements quick as a dragon and gold light flashing from her sword.

Meng Qi’s bladesmanship was clear and grand at times, but also seemed capricious and mercurial. He could often strike Cui Jinxiu’s most uncomfortable spots, causing her to be flurried and making it hard to find a firm stance.

A constant clanging sound emitted from the clash of the blade and the sword. Meng Qi’s bladesmanship was fast and fluid—be it the Blade Art of Five Tigers Cracking the Gate style or the Blood Bladesmanship—they were all at his disposal, pressuring Cui Jinxiu to be out of breath. She felt her defense could crack at any moment.

The “Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship” was, after all, the supreme art of the Exterior. Meng Qi naturally felt more superior having harnessed the first blade motion and transformation. Hence during practice, he had a deeper understanding of other bladesmanship, and won against quite a few bladesmen who had over 10 years of practice. It was just that he lacked practice, therefore still unable to integrate the art.

He flicked his Buddhist Commandment Blade and the longsword dropped, Meng Qi fell back a few steps and spoke like a Buddhist monk, “Donor Cui, let’s not disturb others’ peace this deep in the night.”

“Where the heck did he come from?” Cui Jinxiu cried, feeling both angry and funny.

Meng Qi replied calmly, “All creations have spirit, and the flowers and grass are living creations. Disturbing them is not a good idea.”

The people opposite were all speechless.

A while later, Cui Jinxiu retrieved her sword and muttered, “I’m no match for you.”

Meng Qi smiled and said, “Amitabha. You are too modest.”

“Um… Master Zhen Ding, how does my Kung Fu compare to that ‘Ennea Monkey’?” Cui Jinxiu asked with hope, trying to prove her strength.

“Donor Cui, you are extremely skilled. You possess such strength and yet to have come of age, you are on par with that Ennea Monkey. However, he is sly and cunning, has more Jianghu experience, and hence has the upper hand,” Meng Qi replied. He naturally could see that Cui Jinxiu had the strength of advanced success of Qi-cultivation, whose sword art was not bad either, much better than the Zhang Zongxian couple. But she was nowhere near the ‘Ennea Monkey’, be it from the standpoint of inner force, movements in martial arts, or Jianghu experience. If they were to meet in battle, she would unquestionably lose her life, but Meng Qi was not about to tell her that.

Even Cui Jinxiu’s eyebrows showed delight. She nodded and said, “I do lack Jianghu experience, for my family wouldn’t let me roam Jianghu alone.”

“Miss, Jianghu is dangerous. How could it compare to home?” a gray-haired Elder said kindly, who had not spoken till now.

Cui Jinxiu puckered her lips and said, “Uncle, we martial artists should roam Jianghu to stop crime, have a strong sense of justice, and help the weak, so that we owe it to the skills we have learned. Home is boring anyway, how could it compare to the exhilarating Jianghu?”

After these words, without waiting for a reply, she went to face the Li Xinyu couple and said, “Sister Xinyu, it’s not a good idea to chat here. Let’s go into town.”

Zhang Zongxian, Li Xinyu, and Meng Qi all agreed with this suggestion.

Since the daughter of the Castellan was here, the guards of the gate did not bother them. After checking her token, a guard opened a small door to let them through.

Then, Zhang Zongxian approached and whispered in Meng Qi’s ear, “Master Zhen Ding, we didn’t expose your Kung Fu secrets, did we?”

That was Meng Qi’s private business, and Meng Qi was their savior, so he did not spread the secrets.

Meng Qi was quite happy about that.

The streets of the town were wide and uncluttered, it looked clean and fresh. This gave Meng Qi a better understanding of the Castellan’s abilities as a ruler.

After walking around for a bit, Cui Jinxiu asked excitedly, “Master Zhen Ding, have you heard anything about immortals in the land of the west?”

“About immortals?” Meng Qi repeated, giving her a perplexed look.

Li Xinyu smiled and explained, “Sister Jinxiu loves hearing about mysterious stories of immortals.”

“They’re not stories,” Cui Jinxiu refuted, her face turning red. “Many Jianghu clans have records of their founding masters being enlightened and ascending to the heavens.”

“Haha, everyone boasts about their founding masters. Tell me then, where could they have ascended to?” Li Xinyu asked jokingly.

Cui Jinxiu had thought about these questions many times. Since Li Xinyu’s words had scratched an itch, she replied excitedly, “Of course to the realm of heaven. I’ve read about the Snow God Palace clan’s records about the realm!”

She knew Meng Qi was unfamiliar with the Snow God Palace clan. After pausing for a bit, she explained, “The Snow God Palace clan always said their ascended founding master had become a God, and bestowed upon them many instructions, including a description of the Realm of Heaven. It was said the realm was full of the energy of heaven and earth, which helped with practicing, so that almost everyone was strong and healthy. Plus, herbs were everywhere, ghosts and evil spirits were servants, and there were even more true immortals who could move mountains and seas, or pick stars and moons out of the skies.”

“This… ” Meng Qi clenched his eyebrows. He could not tell her that his own abbotship could move mountains and seas, could he?

“Things that happened a long time ago tend to be mysterious and mystical. This is not hard to prove in the recent 10 years. Has there been anyone that has ascended lately?” Zhang Zongxian said, uninterested in any immortal theories.

Cui Jinxiu sighed, “I know, that is why every time I read these records, my heart is full of longing. I keep thinking that it’s a pity that our ancestors could control the winds and rain and freeze lakes, but we can’t do any of that. Could it be that the path of Kung Fu stops at the three Secret Chambers?”

“Sister Jinxiu, don’t believe tales. In the records of the last few hundred years, who has broken through the three Secret Chambers? Or left clues on how?” Li Xinyu brushed Cui Jinxiu’s long hair.

Cui Jinxiu shook her head and said, “The Snow God Palace claimed that they had found a way to break through the three Secret Chambers, and break the boundaries of our realm and the Realm of Heaven.”

“That is why they’ve gone insane, mad, and become everyone’s enemies.” Li Xinyu half-purposely half-truthfully criticized Cui Jinxiu.

Cui Jinxiu’s expression became sullen and said, “And that’s why I’ve been so keen on reading the Snow God Palace records on the Secret Chambers. But they’ve been lost with time, and no one can find them now.”

“It’s not that there’s no chance to read them. Sister Jinxiu, you know why we’ve been chased by the 12 beasts?” Li Xinyu asked, steering towards the topic.

“Why is that?” Cui Jinxiu was suddenly interested and answered with a question.

“Because we got a treasure map, the Snow God Palace treasure map,” Li Xinyu replied, clenching her teeth.

“Really?” Cui Jinxiu felt surprised and happy. “Sister Xinyu, would you let me take a look?”

“Miss, too many people are present. We’d better talk about it when we get home,” Uncle He reminded them, while he looked at Meng Qi cautiously.

Zhang Zongxian laughed and said, “Master Zhen Ding has known about this for a while now, but he is like a saint without greed.”

Meng Qi watched coldly. He did not want to continue with this topic so he purposely sighed and said, “Speaking of immortals that can control wind and rain, I have witnessed it with my own eyes.”

“What?” asked Cui Jinxiu with eyes wide open, looking at Meng Qi with both shock and surprise.

Li Xinyu and Zhang Zongxian were shocked as well, but they both had doubts.

Uncle He still did not lift his head up, as though he thought Meng Qi was just joking with children.

“I did see an immortal who could control wind and rain in the land of the west,” Meng Qi repeated.

“Really? Master, what was he like?” Cui Jinxiu asked. Her face went red, and she felt 50 percent happy, 40 percent excited, and 10 percent doubtful.

While staring at the hustle and bustle of the long street in front, Meng Qi replied, “He hadn’t ascended yet, so he wasn’t a true immortal. But when he did show his full strength, the nearby winds started howling, dark clouds gathered, thunder and lightning struck, and rain started pouring. His every punch was as if it were backed by the forces of nature, powerful beyond belief.”

“This-this is very similar to what I have read? They-they do exist… ” Cui Jinxiu actually stuttered because of excitement. “Master Zhen Ding, did you greet the immortal?”

“Of course I did, watching him being killed… ” Meng Qi thought. Then he replied, “No, but I’ve also heard of other immortal legends. It is said two immortals were fighting and the result was that crimson covered hundreds of miles of land, lakes were frozen… ”

“Crimson covered hundreds of miles of land, lakes were frozen… ” Cui Jinxiu repeated, trying to picture this marvelous scene with her thoughts wondering.

Zhang Zongxian and Li Xinyu collected themselves, both feeling that Meng Qi had made these stories up to make Cui Jinxiu happy. But what did he want? Perhaps to win favor with Cui Castellan?

After muttering to herself for a bit, Cui Jinxiu came to her senses, and started asking Meng Qi about the details. Because Meng Qi had encountered this personally, every detail was very real, and even Li Xinyu and Zhang Zongxian became uncertain. This story seemed too real to be made up, or was it?

Only Uncle He’s expression never changed. He thought these youngsters were just boasting and playing around.

“If immortals do exist… then why there are no more paths after the three Secret Chambers?” Cui Jinxiu asked casually. Since she had come from a well-read family, anyone else would not be so knowledgeable.

Of course, she did not expect Meng Qi to have an answer to this question.

“There might be, but perhaps it requires the merging of the inner and outer realms,” Meng Qi repeated Jiang Zhiwei and the others’ common wisdom.

“Merging of inner and outer realms? It is a somewhat interesting statement… ” Cui Jinxiu suddenly stared blankly and soon said with a smile. Zhang Zongxian and Li Xinyu could not taste the underlying meaning and just smiled to echo Cui Jinxiu.

But Uncle He’s face suddenly changed. He muttered, “Merging of inner and outer realms… What are inner and outer realms? How do they merge… ”

He squinted his eyes, sizing up Meng Qi.

Cui Jinxiu continued her questions about this exciting topic. “Master Zhen Ding, which direction did that immortal go?”

“He went in the direction of death,” Meng Qi “honestly” replied.

“What? Im-immortals could die?” Cui Jinxiu asked with horror.

Meng Qi smiled and replied, “He hadn’t yet ascended, so he wasn’t considered a true immortal.”

He emphasized what he had already told her.

“B-but… ” Cui Jinxiu “but-ed” for a while but could not come up with anything, so she gathered herself and said with a smile, “Master Zhen Ding, that a monk had said ‘the direction of death’ doesn’t seem right.”

These are the words of Taoists!

Meng Qi smiled and replied, “Donor Cui, you probably are unaware that the popular terms are not quite right.”

“Not quite right?” Cui Jinxiu blinked confusingly.

Meng Qi replied, “Just like you splash some random colors on a painting, then it doesn’t seem quite right. Uh… ”

He paused and saw a man walk out of a restaurant. The man had a striking sarcoma on his forehead, and unique features. He laughed and said, “Donor Cui, let me demonstrate what not quite right is.”

When he finished, he disregarded their perplexed expressions and walked straight up to the man who had just walked out of the restaurant. He put his palms together and said softly,

“Amitabha. Young donor, I see that your glabella has turned dark.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61: Knowing Oneself
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Stepping out of the Heaven Fragrance Building, Jin Ancheng experienced the beautiful sight of hanging colored lanterns and the noise of people playing drinking games. He felt a sense of indescribable satisfaction.

This territory belonged to him, the culmination of his success over the first half of his life.

All of this was the result of his hard work!

He lowered his head and looked at his soft, white hands. He could not hold back a smile. These might look like the hands of a rich merchant, but within Destiny City and the three districts nearby, these hands were nicknamed the Hell Killing Hands. Many throats have been crushed by these hands.

Just as he was immersed in his memories, a young monk stood before him. The monk put his palms together and said seriously,

“Amitabha. Young donor, I notice that your glabella has turned dark.”

After a short moment of confusion, anger rose in Jin Ancheng. Since when have monks become part-time fortune tellers? The last person that messed with him still lied underground outside of the city!

“Young master, why don’t you tell me which part of my glabella has turned dark?” Jin Ancheng replied, laughing coldly as he waved his hand to stop his approaching guards. He wanted to personally leave a lasting memory for this young monk.

Before he finished his words, his gaze froze because he saw the four people near the monk, none of whom he could offend.

Who was this monk?

Meng Qi gave a half-smile. “I’m just giving you a friendly reminder. As for why it’s turning dark, that’s a divine secret that I can’t reveal.”

Was this guy a bloody monk or a Taoist?! Jin Ancheng thought of many curses, but he smiled on the outside. “It’s my honor to have young miss come here.”

“Landlord Jin, I’m just passing through,” Cui Jinxiu said, smiling. Ever since she understood what “not quite right” meant, she carried herself this way.

Meng Qi was no longer looking at Jin Ancheng. He turned and rejoined Cui Jinxiu and the others.

Jin Ancheng was the landlord of the Heaven Fragrance Restaurant, the kingpin behind the most bustling street of Destiny City. He was also one of the last few people that Duan Mingcheng, Duan Xiangfei’s son, had met before disappearing. Before his disappearance, he had hosted a dinner at Jin Ancheng’s restaurant. Castellan’s son, Cui Jinhua, and Head Constable Fei Zhengqing were the guests. However, Duan Mingcheng never returned to the home he bought in Destiny City after leaving the restaurant.

Duan Xiangfei, also known as Mr. Leisure, gave a detailed report on Jin Ancheng, hence Meng Qi recognized him straight away. Meng Qi thought he would give Jin Ancheng a little fright.

Jin Ancheng smiled and accompanied them to the neighboring block. After he left them, his face turned sullen and he told his men coldly, “Go and do a background check on that monk and see how he knows Ms. Cui Jinxiu.”

If they were just acquaintances, he would not show the monk any mercy!

His Hell Killing Hands was not a mere nickname. It meant that he was willing to destroy anyone who offended him!

Jin Ancheng was not embarrassed by this nickname at all. On the contrary, he was very proud of it.

“Yes, my Lord,” answered the two guards, leaving their group. They creepily followed the direction of Cui Jinxiu and the rest. They did not have the nerve to follow her, but knew that she and her group were headed for Castellan Mansion. They planned on getting there ahead and wait. They also wanted to find out if the monk was staying in the mansion or an inn outside. If it was the latter, then they were clearly just acquaintances.

After he instructed them, Jin Ancheng gathered his thoughts and headed back home. The monk’s words kept resounding in his head as he walked, making him a little uneasy.

“Could it be something bad is about to happen?”

“I really shouldn’t think too much. What would a monk know about fortune telling? He looks like a fraud!”

“Better be safe than sorry. I should go to the Xian An temple outside the city and ask for a protective talisman…”

A skilled master like him had experienced countless battles and witnessed many more who were better and wiser than him fell. The element of luck had a lot to do with his survival. Therefore he and others like him were quite likely to believe in anything related to mystical power and divine intervention, for the peace of their minds.

…

“Amitabha. Four respected donors, fate has it that we meet and yet also part. I have achieved my goal and I must now bid you farewell,” said Meng Qi, putting his palms together after they had walked for a bit.

Cui Jinxiu said with some disappointment, “I wanted to invite you to stay with us and inquire about the immortals.”

Uncle He coughed and looked at the ground. “Unless it’s friends or family, it’s unwise to invite guests to the house this deep into the night.”

He was reminding Cui Jinxiu about the rules of the manor.

Since it was their first meeting, if Meng Qi acted too friendly, he would not be able to avoid suspicion. So he refused Cui Jinxiu’s invitation. After announcing his Buddhist title, he smiled. “If fate is kind to us, we’d meet again. I hope at that time, you’d be kind enough to treat me to a vegetarian meal.”

By then, it ought to be the climax of his investigation of the link between the disappearances of Cui Jinhua and Duan Mingcheng.

Without waiting for Cui Jinxiu’s reply, he walked away and turned into a nearby street.

Watching Meng Qi leave, Cui Jinxiu sighed. “Though Master Zhen Ding is young, he has the demeanor of a respected monk. If it were anyone else, they would not be able to contain their excitement and accept the invitation to the manor.”

“Sister Jinxiu, though monks are not supposed to lie, and stories of mystical powers often appear in Buddhist Sutras, you still shouldn’t believe tales about immortals,” Li Xinyu said worriedly. Master Zhen Ding seemed too mysterious to make them feel at ease.

“Am I that easily fooled? Unless I see it with my own eyes, I won’t believe stories about immortals and mystical powers like controlling wind and rain,” Cui Jinxiu angrily replied.

“That’s good to know.” Li Xinyu sighed a breath of relief, and then asked with a smile, “Sister Jinxiu, you’re now at the ripe age for marriage. Has Uncle He found a good husband for you yet?”

“No way! My husband must be able to defeat me in a battle and must be humorous…” Cui Jinxiu said in one breath. She became angry when she saw the eagerness in Li Xinyu’s eyes. Her face going red, she replied, “I must choose my husband myself!”

“You’re the only daughter of your family and the apple of Uncle Cui’s eye. He’ll definitely approve of anyone you choose.” Given Cui Jinxiu’s stature, Li Xinyu did not want to continue joking and went along with her words.

Cui Jinxiu suddenly became serious and pursed her lips. “To be honest, my father did try to arrange a marriage for me in the past.”

“Oh, is that so? Who’s the lucky young man?” asked Li Xinyu. Zhang Zongxian and Uncle He did not have an opinion on such a feminine subject. They just walked quietly and listened.

Cui Jinxiu replied in a sullen voice, “It was Brother Duan.”

“Mr. Leisure’s son?” Li Xinyu asked for confirmation, shocked. Her eyebrows knitted and she said, “It’s said that Young Master Duan is a playboy and immerse himself in gambling. He’s always accompanied by a bunch of friends and spends money like it’s water, yet his Kung Fu is average at best.”

Cui Jinxiu shook her head and replied with difficulty, “I’ve seen Brother Duan in a battle. His Kung Fu isn’t as bad as what people say. It’s on par with my brother, and… and… I think there’s a reason for his playboy ways…”

Li Xinyu looked at Cui Jinxiu and pursed her lips. She only felt this way because she was infatuated with Duan Mingcheng.

Zhang Zongxian became interested in this topic and added with a sigh, “Rumors are often exaggerated. I didn’t expect Young Master Duan’s Kung Fu to be at such a high level.”

Cui Jinhua was anticipated as the most promising one of her generation to break through the body’s Secret Chamber and become a grandmaster. If Duan Mingcheng’s Kung Fu could be on par with Cui Jinhua, then he was indeed skilled and possessed great strength.

He did believe Cui Jinxiu’s opinion on this because, for one, she came from a respected family and had a good sense of judgment. Moreover, she would not undermine her own brother.

“If that’s so, then Young Master Duan is not only a skilled martial artist, but also a handsome one. Then it’s a great match. Sister Jinxiu, what more do you want?” Li Xinyu asked with a smile.

Cui Jinxiu looked at her feet, holding a corner of her red dress with her left hand. She said softly, “Brother Duan has disappeared and no one knows his whereabouts. My father and Uncle Duan had an argument because of this.”

“What? Young Master Duan has disappeared?” Li Xinyu and Zhang Zongxian were both shocked. He was Mr. Leisure’s son. Mr. Leisure who was one of the Seven Grandmasters and this kidnapping had happened in Destiny City!

They had been traveling in secret after getting hold of the treasure map, so they naturally knew nothing about the current happenings.

…

Meng Qi was sitting cross-legged on the roof of a large house. With a grin, he watched the guards who lost his trail report back to Jin Ancheng.

“I was worried you wouldn’t send anyone to follow me. Then it’d take me forever to find out where you live in such a large city…” Meng Qi was in a good mood. Based on the information Duan Xiangfei provided, there were only a few words to describe Jin Ancheng: He was someone who could able survive in any situation and would seek revenge if offended.

But not long after, Meng Qi started feeling a little distressed because he did not have his night-traveling cloak. It meant he could easily expose his identity. Especially the fact that he had to pretend to be Ennea Monkey and try to draw out the other Zodiac Gods. He had no means of communication with them. If he wanted to complete his task, he had to use the dumb way.

“I have to borrow a night-traveling cloak from somewhere…” As he was thinking, his eyes flashed. There was a guy dressed in a night-traveling cloak hiding on the opposite roof.

…

The man in black carefully tried to sneak into the designated yard. His heart suddenly felt warm. If he could successfully pin this murder on someone else, he would not be suspected of losing the parcel.

“Please move on to the nether world peacefully. I’ll take good care of your orphaned children…” He smiled slightly under the mask, dropping into the yard.

Suddenly, he felt immense pain from the back of his head. He was frightened and shocked. When he tried to turn his head, darkness covered his eyes and he lost consciousness.

“You’re really quite faithful for bringing me a night-traveling cloak in the middle of the night. True love does exist in this world…” Meng Qi teased the unconscious man as he put on the cloak.

Since Meng Qi did not know who exactly this guy was, he did not want to kill him. He just knocked the guy unconscious with the back of his blade.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62: Bad Reputation and Gold-Lettered Signboard
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Jin Ancheng kowtowed to the Buddha in the library and murmured in his study.

A moment later, he opened his eyes and felt a little released. Something in his heart annoyed him.

“God blesses me… ” he sighed.

“Yes, you should pray to God.” A husky but harsh voice came from the room.

Jin Ancheng tightened his back and pulled down the Buddha without hesitation. The Buddha made a breaking sound. He turned around and performed “Yama Deception”.

However, he did not catch anything.

Just then, Jin Ancheng found that a mystery man was sitting behind the desk with a black robe. He wore an ugly mask for children that had a smiling monkey head.

“When did he enter this room? Where are the guards?” Jin Ancheng felt a chill and rushed to the window immediately when he saw him.

He blinked, and seemed to see that smiling monkey face again.

“If you run, I will cut your legs first.” The hoarse voice came to Jin Ancheng’s ear.

This thrilling magic really shocked Jin Ancheng. The monkey face did not do anything and Jin Ancheng calmed down. Sweat beaded on his forehead as he asked, “Are you Mr. Ennea Monkey of the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods?”

If I can beat him, then I will finally win. If I can’t, my action now will annoy him. Maybe I will be appointed and have no chance to run away.

“Since you know me, you had better give up fanciness and answer my question honestly,” Meng Qi said in a hoarse voice.

Jin Ancheng prepared movements under the table and squeezed a smile, saying, “May I have your question?”

“I want to know, what did Duan Mingcheng do before he disappeared?” Meng Qi asked directly.

Jin Ancheng frowned. “Mr. Ennea Monkey, this is nothing important. I have told Head Constable Fei everything. That night, Lord Duan booked a special room and invited Castellan and Head Constable Fei. He didn’t call dancing girls and sent me away. Around half an hour later, Castellan and Head Constable Fei left. He came out to pay the bill. He talked randomly with a familiar dancing girl ‘Night Moon’ and left directly.

“He talked with me no more than three sentences. All were about the dinner.

“He must have disappeared when he headed home. But there was no any evidence of any fighting.”

“Really? But my information was not like what you said.” Meng Qi started to lie to Jin Ancheng.

Jin Ancheng said composedly, “Mr. Ennea Monkey may be deceived by rumors. What I said is all true.”

Meng Qi did not say anything and looked at Jin Ancheng silently. The cold atmosphere and the smiling monkey face made him depressed.

Jin Ancheng said awkwardly, “Don’t you believe me, Mr. Ennea Monkey?”

“What do you think?” Meng Qi asked and then said in a low voice, “You have three sons and two daughters but no grandchildren, haven’t you?”

“What do you mean?” Jin Ancheng’s eyes became sharp and he looked terrible.

Meng Qi said slowly and deliberately, “If you don’t tell me the truth, I will kill them one by one in front of you. How long can you stand it? It is said that you love your little son most. Let’s start with him.”

He impossibly did that, he just scared Jin Ancheng. The Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods were extremely cruel and merciless. They could accept any tasks and finish them in any way. They had no boundaries. Jin Ancheng had to believe.

Sometimes, bad reputation had benefits.

Jin Ancheng looked more terrible, “Mr. Ennea Monkey, what I said is true. Please don’t push me.”

“You thought I didn’t know anything?” Meng Qi snorted and turned his body outside deliberately. “Your little son lives in the Western Yard, doesn’t he?”

Jin Ancheng was very angry but tried to stay calm. He rushed toward Meng Qi and held his throat and right hand. He also prepared to shout loudly to attract the guards’ attention. He did not hope they could save him, but he just wanted to make more noise. This was Destiny City! The 12 monsters could only act secretly.

The reason why Meng Qi turned his body outside was to confuse Jin Ancheng. Meng Qi moved away from Jin Ancheng and crashed into his embrace.

At the moment Jin Ancheng saw Ennea Monkey’s performance, he took back his hands and held Meng Qi’s sleeveless shirt backhanded. He could not shout.

Meng Qi did not dodge him and tightened his back to fight. He took his Buddhist Commandment Blade and pointed it at Jin Ancheng’s throat.

After Jin Ancheng caught Meng Qi’s sleeveless shirt, his put his power into his fingers. But he felt as if he was catching stones and felt a sharp pain.

As soon as he realized the bad situation, his neck was locked by the Buddhist Commandment Blade.

Meng Qi moved his left hand and acupunctured Jin Ancheng. He smiled and said, “Mr. Jin, we are both too elegant to fight.”

Meng Qi annoyed Jin Ancheng deliberately and caught him successfully.

Normally, Meng Qi had confidence in catching the enemy. But at midnight, if he could not catch the enemy quickly, the noise could attract the attention of the head constable of Destiny City, young Castellan, and even Castellan Cui Xu.

“What do you want?” Though he had been caught, as a master, Jin Ancheng still felt angry.

Meng Qi calmed down and said, “I want to know the truth.”

“What I told you was all true.” Jin Ancheng answered looking at the Buddhist Commandment Blade at his neck as his eyes blinked.

Meng Qi laughed, “You had better tell the truth. We ‘Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods’ always do what we said. I said that I will kill your family before, and I will do what I said.”

Maybe the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods’ gold-lettered signboard worked. Maybe old Jin Ancheng attached great importance to his family. He sighed and said, “It is not because I don’t want to say. But I can’t say.”

“If you tell me, you still have the chance to leave away with your family and possessions. If you don’t tell me, your family will all die now.” Meng Qi felt good because he finally heard the truth.

At that time, he learned the benefit of “**”. If the man were master Duan Xiangfei, Jin Ancheng would not have believed what he said. However, the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods will do what they said. He said he would kill Jin Ancheng’s family and he would do that.

No wonder that Duan Xiangfei asked to investigate the “Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods”.

Jin Ancheng sighed and said, “That day, after Lord Duan sent young Castellan and the head constable, he didn’t leave directly. He talked with dancing girl Night Moon, then he went out and walked into a quiet yard. He made another reservation and invited other people.

“That guest was in a long black robe and wore a face-cloth. I could hardly guess his age or see his face, but the guest should be a man. He was as tall as you, Mr. Ennea Monkey. He was thin, too.

“After Lord Duan entered the yard, he sent me out. I still felt strange and I worried that it would be harmful to young Castellan and Head Constable Fei. I went to the other side of the yard and slightly heard their talking. They spoke in low voices and I heard dimly about the Snow God Palace.”

“Snow God Palace… ” Meng Qi repeated quietly. “Most things I come across in this world could be related to the Snow God Palace.”

Jin Ancheng glanced at that smiling monkey mask and said, “It was about Snow God Palace. I could hardly hear clearly but I tried my best. Later, the talking sound disappeared. To my big surprise, I walked back to the front door to find that nothing but dinner was left and they both were gone.

“Since then, I have never seen Lord Duan.”

“Was there any fighting?” Meng Qi asked carefully.

Jin Ancheng shook his head, “No traces of fighting, but a pound of silver. I guess Lord Duan left with the black-robed man of his own accord or he was caught for lacking Kung Fu.”

“Was there something special with the silver? Was there poison in the food?” Meng Qi thought deeply and tried to find clues according to novels that he read before.

Jin Ancheng shook his head again. “That silver belonged to Lord Duan, the impression of the Duan family was on it. There was nothing wrong with the food. There was no debris from clothes.

“Mr. Ennea Monkey, I told you what I know.”

Meng Qi shook his head slightly with that smiling monkey mask, which made Jin Ancheng anxious. Jin Ancheng heard Meng Qi say in a hoarse voice, “It is clear. But I still have a question. The part that you wanted to conceal didn’t seem worth it.”

He can speak about this part of the issue and it wouldn’t cause any problems. Why was he unwilling to say it?

Jin Ancheng’s face became pale. He hesitated a while and said slowly, “Yes, Head Constable Fei wouldn’t let me say it. I had to conceal it.”

“Fei Zhengqing?” Meng Qi looked at Jin Ancheng’s eyes directly.

Jin Ancheng nodded. “Yes. After Lord Duan disappeared, the first one to investigate was Head Constable Fei. He knew my secret and has better Kung Fu than me. I didn’t dare to disobey him. I don’t know why he concealed it.”

“Well, the wise man can change in different environments. It is a pity not to kill your family.” Meng Qi laughed, then moved quickly and ran out of the study. Within a moment, he disappeared from Jin Ancheng’s sight.

Jin Ancheng was acupunctured and he could not run and catch him. He breathed deeply and shouted soon after. In a moment, the guards arrived and unlocked his acupuncture points.

He let the guards go out with a somber face, then he sat on the chair in the study silently.

After an hour, he stood up slowly and looked at the guards outside. While they were not paying attention, he opened the window and went into the dark. He jumped out of the yard and ran in the other direction.

“Heng, you are double-dealing, but I am wise, too… ” Meng Qi sat cross-legged in the eaves in the dark and saw Jin Ancheng running out of the yard.

He had read many novels and he knew something would happen under these circumstances. Maybe someone would kill Jin Ancheng. Maybe Jin Ancheng did not speak the truth and he would tell the one behind it all after Meng Qi had left… Meng Qi at first doubted what novelists had said, but he decided to hide outside and watch how things went on. He did not leave until dawn arrived.

He jumped onto the roof and followed Jin Ancheng silently.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63: The Only Thing I know
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Jin Ancheng jumped high and low, backward and forward, left and right, and slipped into a seemingly ordinary yard after almost 30 minutes in Destiny City.

With many years’ experience in Jianghu, he habitually moved in circles and changed his directions constantly just to prevent any tracking, not because he had discovered Meng Qi.

Meng Qi landed on tiles lightly like a feather without any noise. Then he observed that Jin Ancheng, who was familiar with the yard, moved quickly and arrived at a wing room. And then Jin Ancheng knocked on the door rhythmically.

“He is so cunning that I almost lost him,” Meng Qi quietly muttered to himself in the shadow of the eave.

It was the first time that he had stalked others. If he did not accomplish the Primary Level of Lightning Changes, whose moves were subtle and agile, he might have been discovered already or had lost Jin Ancheng by Jin Ancheng’s moves. Tired as if he had practiced for half a day, this tracking made Meng Qi sweat profusely.

“This yard is ordinary, so it must not be Fei Zhengqing’s house. Who is the man that Jin Ancheng is really visiting… ” Meng Qi frowned while thinking. Fei Zhengqing, the head constable, ranking in the top 10 in Destiny City, could not live in such a shabby house. “Jin Ancheng lied just now?”

“Dong dong dong, dong dong dong!” After a rhythmic knocking, the door opened quietly. Jin Ancheng slid into it quickly and closed the door habitually.

Seeing this, Meng Qi slid down along the beam slowly like an insignificant leaf falling down on a quiet night.

Upon landing on the ground, Meng Qi began his moves like a puff of smoke. Just a few steps brought him to the window outside of the wing room.

He listened carefully and did not hear any noise. So he stood up quietly, poking the white window paper with his finger covered with saliva.

A hole appeared in the window paper after a negligible sound. Meng Qi peered inside with one of his eyes through the hole.

Nobody!

It was a well-furnished but ordinary wing room. But nobody was inside!

No evidence of Jin Ancheng either!

Surprised, Meng Qi checked again. Certain that there was no one inside, Meng Qi opened the window lightly and slipped into the room.

A thought struck Meng Qi when he landed: “Who opened the door for Jin Ancheng just now if there was nobody here?”

Suddenly, clapping broke out from the bedside. Wielding his Buddhist Commandment Blade, Meng Qi was not panicked, but he looked over.

The box by the bed was opened and a black hole appeared. Beside the box stood Jin Ancheng and a middle-aged, long-horse-faced man, who applauded.

There really was a tunnel. Jin Ancheng must have wanted to enter the nearby yard from there, which was his real destination that had a big mansion beside it… Meng Qi roughly figured out what happened just now.

Jin Ancheng lit the match in his hand with a cunning laugh and his sarcomas shaking. He said, “Thanks to my rich experience in Jianghu, I waited a little longer in the tunnel. Otherwise, I probably missed you, Mr. Ennea Monkey.”

At that moment, maybe the light had signaled other wings of the building and there came the sound of doors opening. They spoke in low voices and surrounded this wing immediately in perfect order.

“This is?” Without a glimpse at Jin Ancheng, Meng Qi, in his smiling monkey mask, looked at the middle-aged, long-horse-faced man.

“Mr. Ennea Monkey, it’s not a good habit to be affected. Don’t you, one of the Twelve Beasts, know Mr. Fei?” the middle-aged man said in deep voice incisively.

“It’s you, Head Constable Fei. I just feel puzzled why you are here at midnight. To enjoy the moon alone?” The smiling monkey face hid Meng Qi’s facial expressions.

Fei Zhengqing smiled and said, “The most mysterious 12 beasts deserve their reputation in Jianghu. If I were you, I would be finding a chance to escape now.”

“I just happened to have some tasks to deal with tonight and I planned to go outside through the tunnel. It’s quite a coincidence to encounter you, Mr. Ennea Monkey.”

While they talked, Jin Ancheng walked in the opposite direction, ready to attack Meng Qi. But he said, “Thanks to the considerate head constable who set the rules of passing through the tunnel, or we couldn’t have caught you, Mr. Ennea Monkey.”

“Haha, you are also a man of rich knowledge and experience.” A pair of Judge Pens appeared in his hands, as Fei Zhengqing casually praised Jin Ancheng and said, “Mr. Ennea Monkey, why don’t you surrender? Castellan would show mercy on you for your strength.”

Meng Qi replied, “Actually, I just know one thing no matter how considerate you are and how rich of an experience you have in Jianghu.”

“What?” Fei Zhengqing was a little grim by his composure.

“I just know you can’t defeat me.”

Not finishing his words, Meng Qi jumped toward Fei Zhengqing ghostly. His changeable moves puzzled them. He feigned an attack with his Buddhist Commandment Blade but pointed to the neck of Fei Zhengqing directly.

Seeing such moves, Fei Zhengqing praised in his heart that Mr. Ennea Monkey lived up to the reputation. He shunned the attack by turning his body, and hit Meng Qi’s key head acupoints hastily with his Judge Pens.

At the same time, Jin Ancheng launched attacks from the other side. His fingers were curved like talons, pointing to Meng Qi’s back and heart acupoints.

We know you have Thwart Kung Fu, but attacking your acupoints can control you!

Meng Qi did not move at all. He wielded his Buddhist Commandment Blade from the side, pointing to the breast of Jin Ancheng. Meanwhile, he tilted his head slightly and fully displayed Golden Bell Shield. As a result, his body was covered by a layer of dark gold color like Luohans in the temple.

This move made Fei Zhengqing’s Judge Pen miss Meng Qi’s temples but it hit the acupoint beside his ears.

Thwart Kung Fu can’t help you as long as your key acupoints are sealed. You are not the divine monk Beiku who practiced Chun Yang Child Kung Fu for 40 years!

The nib made of iron hit the side of Meng Qi’s ears. A clear sound of “Ding!” resounded like hitting a Golden Body of the Buddharupa.

The dark gold shone under the light made Fei Zhengqing’s shocked and scary face even uglier.

Meng Qi wielded his Buddhist Commandment Blade to Jin Ancheng forward and backward quickly and retracted it from an unimaginable angle. After shunning the Judge Pen of Fei Zhengqing, it was another bogus movement just now!

This success made Meng Qi act like a tiger dashing down a mountain. With quick movements of his blade, he caught Fei Zhengqing and Jin Ancheng, who could not break through his protective skill, and sealed their acupoints.

After Meng Qi accomplished the fourth level of Golden Bell Shield, except for key acupoints such as eyes, the acupoints below the navel, temples, and Mid-chest, Meng Qi’s acupoints could only be attacked or sealed by weapons of the Enlightenment Level or edge tools.

“I said you couldn’t defeat me.” Meng Qi grinned under the mask.

As a famous master, Fei Zhengqing had few matched opponents with his renowned Judge Pen. He figured himself the strongest person only second to the grandmaster. But today, Ennea Monkey, one of the Twelve Beasts, gave him a sense of unspeakable fear. Without the characteristics of the grandmaster, Ennea Monkey’s strength was so great that it made him scary. What Thwart Kung Fu exactly did he practice?

This battle shattered his confidence.

“It turned out I underestimated your strength.” With his rich experience in Jianghu, he calmed down quickly and said, “Destiny City collected related information about the tasks of your Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods to identify your strengths. You must not have fully used your strength. Hehe, bladesmanship is not your best skill.”

“Who told you that I’m best in bladesmanship?” Meng Qi asked with a smile.

Fei Zhengqing sensed a kind of jeer in his words. He sighed, “It was our false judgment. You are best in Heng Kung Fu. Do you have any relation with Beiku divine monk?”

“I really admire you,” Meng Qi suddenly said with emotion. “If I were you, I wouldn’t be calm enough when I was caught to chat with anyone, even to figure out my background information.”

Fei Zhengqing smiled ruefully and said, “As a constable, I am used to interrogating. And I know you want to figure out the matter of Lord Duan’s missing instead of killing me. So if I tell you everything I know, you won’t kill me.”

“Yes, Ennea Monkey. I heard that you, one of the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods, thought that it wasted your time and strength to kill people if they are not related to tasks.” Jin Ancheng echoed Fei Zhengqing’s opinion, fearing his lies and attacks irritated Ennea Monkey.

Meng Qi said with a half smile, “It depends on my moods. With bright moonlight, tonight is appropriate to kill someone. If you can’t satisfy me, this time next year will be the anniversary of you and your family’s death.”

He had always been wanting to say such scary words because he felt excited about these words when he read novels before.

As the head constable of Destiny City, Fei Zhengqing could well control his emotions. He calmly said, “I’ll tell you everything I know.”

“I want to know why Jin Ancheng is here so late. Did he lie to me?” Meng Qi asked in low voice. People who surrounded the yard stood still for lack of orders.

Jin Ancheng replied in low voice, “Head Constable Fei told me that I should inform him immediately when someone inquires about this. But, I did lie to you about one thing.”

He spoke frankly.

Meng Qi thought for a while, and took Fei Zhengqing to the other side, saying, “Tell me what lies Jin Ancheng has told me. And then I will ask him. If your words are different from his, you know… ”

Fei Zhengqing lowered his voice and said, “The only lie he told you was that there was evidence left in the room.

“There was a leaf of Dragon Tree under the table. Only Dabei Temple planted such trees. It must have been brought by the mysterious person accidentally.

“So I deployed my men that very night to search Dabei Temple. But I was too late, missing the suspect. What I found was more clues which all pointed to the remaining evils of the Snow God Palace.

“We suspected that it was they who kidnapped Lord Duan because Lord Duan, who was long interested in the treasures of the Snow God Palace, never gave up his efforts to find any clues.”

Meng Qi listened quietly and repeated Snow God Palace in his heart.

Fei Zhengqing laughed suddenly and said, “I asked Ancheng to hide the truth for fear of alerting the enemy. But Mr. Leisure knows about it.”

Meng Qi squinted and thought, “Duan Xiangfe knew? Why didn’t he mention in the materials?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64: A Mysterious Kung Fu
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Why are you bringing up Mr. Leisure?” Meng Qi said placidly.

Fei Zhengqing laughed like a cunning fox — though he had a horse-face. “Is it not Mr. Leisure who invited the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods?”

Meng Qi replied indifferently, “There’s definitely more than one person who wants to find out about the Snow God Palace’s treasures.”

“Perhaps it’s not him…” Fei Zhengqing was a little baffled.

Meng Qi continued to ask, “What other clues did you found after?”

Fei Zhengqing muttered, “There’s someone I’ve been suspecting as the traitor of the Snow God Palace, but I couldn’t get permission from the Castellan without proof.”

“Who do you suspect?” A raspy voice came from behind the smiling monkey mask, the tone still calm and even.

Fei Zhengqing sighed. “You Tongguang.”

He only gave a name, assuming Meng Qi would definitely know who it was.

Meng Qi cursed mentally. If the name did not appear in the information Duan Xiangfei provided, he really would have no idea who that was.

You Tongguang, sworn brother of Cui Xu, was one of the richest merchants of Destiny City. He controlled the food, weaponry, ironware, and logistics of the nearby districts.

He was not only rich and powerful, but also highly skilled in martial arts. Rumors had it that he had once broken through the body’s secret chamber, but was stabbed at the last moment and put all his efforts to waste. From then on, his Kung Fu became stagnant and he started wallowing in money and women.

Without Cui Xu’s nod, Fei Zhengqing would not dare bring public figures like You Tongguang in for questioning.

If Fei Zhengqing was considered one of the top ten powerful men in Destiny City, then You Tongguang would be behind only Castellan Cui Xu and Junior Castellan Cui Jinhua.

“Are you planning on using me to deal with You Tongguang?” Meng Qi’s tone carried a hint of laughter.

If You Tongguang died, his sons would not be able to take over the large family business. Even with Cui Xu’s support, their martial skills were too poor for it. Besides, they have also lost a lot of influence and power. Fei Zhengqing and his men could step in and take over part of the businesses.

It would be great if You Tongguang could truly be proven guilty. If everyone was after him, then Cui Xu, who likened himself as an ally of justice, would join the fray and grab a piece of the You family.

Fei Zhengqing’s expression had not changed, still giving off that agonizing vibe. He said bitterly, “Old You and I have been brothers for a long time. How could I use an outsider to harm him? If not for the fact that evidence was found during the Dabei Temple search, I’d never suspect him. But if he’s really the traitor of the Snow God Palace Cla, I’d have to stand on the side of justice.”

“What kind of evidence?” Meng Qi asked, clearly unmoved by Fei Zhengqing’s expression or words.

Fei Zhengqing reacted quickly and said, “A few of Old You’s handwritten letters were found inside Dabei Temple. From the outset, it looks to be about ironware business deals. There’s nothing out of the ordinary, but I’m still dubious. Since when did Old You like discussing business deals within Destiny City via letters? This is very out of the ordinary for him.”

“Perhaps it involved illegal ironware deals. That’s why You Tongguang didn’t want to discuss it face to face,” Meng Qi replied casually, not caring if it was logical. If You Tongguang was afraid to show his face, why would he be unafraid to discuss it in a letter?

Fei Zhengqing seemed to have noticed Meng Qi’s slip of words and smiled. “Outside of whatever Old You declares to be illegal, everything goes in Destiny City. He’s always discreet and wouldn’t write letters. He’d just ask his people to do his bidding. If there are problems, he’d just kill them.”

“That’s not necessarily true. Letters could be burnt. You just happen to be quick enough to find them.” Meng Qi was still opposing Fei Zhengqing to see if he would reveal other evidence.

Fei Zhengqing acted as he was trying to remember. “Another time, I went to Old You’s manor and accidentally entered his study. He quickly packed up a piece of snow-white jade pendant. I didn’t take much notice at first. After all, such jades are not rare, but on hindsight, it does seem like the Ice Pendant, an heirloom of Snow God Palace’s four Guardians. That kind of jade is rare and it’s more than enough evidence to mark the traitor of Snow God Palace, but I can’t be certain of Old You’s piece of jade.”

“Is that all?” Meng Qi asked in a neutral tone, but inside he was anxious about Duan Xiangfei’s reason for giving him only partial information. What were his intentions…

“Nothing more. If I have any more, I’d have reported it to the Castellan.” Fei Zhengqing shook his head.

Meng Qi was not sure if he should believe him, so he said, “After the Dabei Temple incident, did you keep an eye on You Tongguang?”

“He’s too skilled a martial artist. Very few skilled agents can keep up with him. Since we lack agents, we’d often lose sight of him. Currently I’m planning to start with his sons.” Fei Zhengqing really was the kind of person to expose all his cards.

Meng Qi followed up with a few more questions, making sure there were no flaws or contradictions in Fei Zhengqing’s answers. He then walked up to Jin Ancheng and said, “You can now speak. If your statement doesn’t match up with Head Constable Fei, don’t blame me for being cruel.”

Jin Ancheng nodded heavily and opened his mouth to say, “At that time…”

As soon as he opened his mouth, his eyes became frozen. A shadow jumped down from the roof, his sword flashing as he pointed it at Meng Qi.

Only noticing the intruder when he made his move, Meng Qi’s heart jumped. Meng Qi used the one-armed Mt Hua move with his Buddhist Commandment Blade, a ferocious attack to drive away the intruder.

For some reason, Meng Qi had the idea that the figure was swaying slightly under the light. It did not feel like a real person, but rather a shadow. Yet the light reflecting off the sword only expanded further, blocking most of his view. It was cold and frightening, causing his hair to stand.

He slashed his blade, trying to split the figure together with its sword. Just as his blade flashed past, it was as if the shadow and light off the sword were like reflections in a mirror or still water. They were like mirages that simply dissipated in the air.

This was bad! Meng Qi had no time to consider if he had been tricked by an illusion. Using Lightning Changes, he took a step. He seemed to be retreating, but he was actually moving forward from the side.

Poof!

The noise of a sword penetrating rotten wood resounded. Blood spilled from Meng Qi’s left shoulder. The intruder was relentlessly on his tail, each strike aimed at his crucial spots. When Meng Qi tried to counterattack, whether to block the sword or aimed at the person, all his attacks seemed to hit a ‘shadow’. They went right through without any impact.

If not for his unpredictable and effective defense move, Lightning Changes, he would long have died under the intruder’s sword attacks. Even so, blood was oozing from different parts of his body. Sword wounds were also surfacing.

“Sorcery?” Meng Qi clenched his teeth, not daring to slow in his steps. “It doesn’t matter what this is. What I see, hear, and smell, it all

points to a shadow!”

“I can’t delay this any longer!”

If he continued getting hurt like this, he knew he would not be able to hold on much longer. So he steeled his heart and took out a black cylinder with a cold, metallic luster.

The shadow attacked again with his sword. Meng Qi raised his hand and pointed the black cylinder at him.

Whether it was due to sorcery or other reasons, it was not hard to see that the figure was not far from the shadow, judging from his wounds. Meng Qi may not be able to him with his blade, but this Pearflower Storm Needles was capable of attacking from all directions!

Meng Qi’s thumb was on the trigger mechanism. The shadow seemed to have noticed the danger and abruptly backed off. He smashed the window and jumped out into the yard. The window that was knocked away mysteriously flew up and blocked the needles attack.

Meng Qi did not press the trigger. Under such circumstances, it was better to just scare them. After all, he did not know if there were more enemies hiding in the dark. This way, those in the hiding must first consider if they could block the Pearflower Storm Needles!

Bang! The window smashed on the ground and the shadow disappeared in the darkness.

Meng Qi did not put the Pearflower Storm Needles back in his pocket. Holding the cylinder in his hands, he used his sleeve to conceal it.

He turned around and saw Jin Ancheng’s mouth was wide open and his eyes blank. He was obviously dead, bleeding from his throat.

The shadow actually had time to kill others while attacking his crucial spots!

Meng Qi’s muscles were pulsating, contracting his wounds to temporarily stop the bleeding. He walked in front of Fei Zhengqing and saw a confused expression on his face. His breathing was heavy, but he was alive.

“Mr. Ennea Monkey, what just happened?” Fei Zhengqing asked in a shocked and confused state.

“There was a sneak attack. He killed Jin Ancheng, but I forced him to back off.” Meng Qi was trying to sound as neutral as possible.

Fei Zhengqing was half sitting during the fight, so he saw part of the battle. But since Meng Qi had his back to him, he did not see the Pearflower Storm Needles, which explained his shock. “Mr. Ennea Monkey’s skills are the best I’ve seen apart from some grandmasters, even better than You Tongguang’s. Yet that man could render even you defenseless. How could this be… It’s fortunate that you scared him off.”

“That man’s Kung Fu is strange, like sorcery. Each time I struck him with my blade, it was like hitting a shadow.” Meng Qi was not familiar with the different kinds of Kung Fu, therefore he divulged this to Fei Zhengqing to see if he had any clues.

Fei Zhengqing’s expression changed. “Was it like seeing someone in front, but when you cut him, you hit nothing but shadow, and yet you yourself have been cut with a sword?”

“You know what it is?” Meng Qi asked in surprise.

Fei Zhengqing’s expression continued to shift and he was becoming short of breath. “It must be the traitor of the Snow God Palace. It must be him! It’s rumored that Snow God Palace had a skill called Transformation Strategy. It can transform and create illusions. It bridges the boundaries of human realm and the heaven realm. Whey they attack, it’s as if they were immortals that can’t be harmed. For this reason, they called themselves the descendants of God and act as if they were superior to everyone.”

“That man must’ve achieved a certain extent of Transformation Strategy and close to breaking through his Secret Chamber. He came to kill me tonight!”

“Then I’ve saved your life.” Meng Qi laughed. He abruptly performed an eagle flip, jumping out the window. He disappeared into the darkness moments later. This was not the place to hang around!

After leaving the nearby streets, Meng Qi examined his wounds. Underneath his mask, his expressions were a mix of mirth and concern. Then he mimicked Jin Ancheng’s way, circling the area before changing directions. A full fifteen minutes later, he found a hiding place and changed out of the night-traveling cloak and mask.

…

Dawn was breaking. Wu Fengyu slowly regained consciousness. He only felt a splitting pain at the back of his head and noticed the crowd around him, pointing at him.

“Why is this guy lying on the street? And he’s carrying a blade…”

“Is it an avenger from one of those clans?”

“But that doesn’t seem right. He’s wearing only a night gown. Maybe he got kicked out of the brothel for not having money?”

He became completely awake hearing those words, expression suddenly frozen. Was he not going to commit murder last night? Why was he here, sleeping on the street?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65: Word on the Street
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Wu Fengyu was both shocked and frightened when he remembered what happened last night. He had no idea why he was attacked.

He monetarily dazed before he started searching himself. Apart from the night-traveling cloak, he did not lose anything or receive any particular wounds.

“What happened?” He was full of fear and confusion. When he lifted his head, he saw a familiar face sizing him up.

Zhu Mingyuan… A thought suddenly popped into Wu Fengyu’s head. Last night, it was his partner trying to kill him.

Zhu Mingyuan had a serious expression. With a half-smile, he said, “Old Wu, whose home are you sleeping in here? Did your wife kick you out?”

“I drank too much last night and some hobo took my clothes!” Wu Fengyu answered, clenching his teeth. Suddenly a scary thought appeared in his mind. Could this be a warning to him for trying to harm Zhu Mingyuan’s family?

He was more convinced the more he thought about it. He noticed Zhu Mingyuan appeared more cautious and wondered if there was someone powerful protecting the man.

Zhu Mingyuan saw the blade next to Wu Fengyu and laughed coldly. “Seems like you’re really distressed over losing the parcel and don’t know how to face Old You?”

“Alas…” Wu Fengyu sighed. Only he could understand his own feelings.

…

As daybreak was approaching, Meng Qi found an abandoned temple and slept for half a day to recover his strength.

He did not leave the temple until it was time for lunch. With his blade on his side, he found a crowded restaurant and walked in.

“Young master, you’ve come to the right place. Exquisite Dining Building has the best vegetarian dishes in town…” The waiter welcomed him as soon as he stepped in, making introductions.

“Amitabha. Please find a quiet spot for this poor monk and bring four of your top vegetarian dishes.” Meng Qi did not care much for vegetarian food, so he was not picky. He came in to hear the word on the street. From the waiter’s attitude, he could see that the monks here do not eat meat to avoid prying eyes when trying to find information.

“Coming right up!” The waiter cried, extending his syllables. “One guest, four top vegetarian dishes…”

As he screamed, he showed Meng Qi to a corner. He took off the tea-towel hanging on his shoulder and gave the table another wipe.

After he sat down, Meng Qi pretended to be resting his eyes as he listened carefully to the conversations around him.

“Did you hear? Jin Ancheng of Heaven Fragrance Building is dead!”

“What? The Hell Killings Hands died?”

Seeing the shock on his friends’ faces, the one bragging said smugly, “Why would I lie to you? My brother-in-law works in the precinct. He went with Head Constable Fei last night to examine Jin Ancheng’s body.”

Meng Qi was confused to hear this. Did Fei Zhengqing try to hide the cause of Jin Ancheng’s death?

“We believe you, but it’s just a little shocking! It’s Jin Ancheng, the Yama Deadly Hands! He earned his nickname from trampling over other dead bodies. He escaped death so many times that we thought he’d live a long and affluent life. Who knew the heavens would have other ideas?” said a chubby merchant, a hint of joy in his voice.

“People like him rarely die peacefully…”

“Heh. It must be chaotic at Heaven Fragrance Building right now. The Jin brothers are a handful.”

The guests at the surrounding tables had started discussing Jin Ancheng’s death upon hearing the news.

The chubby, merchant-like bloke continued, “Brother Cao, do you know what caused Jin Ancheng’s death?”

The one who answered Brother Cao coughed. Under many eager eyes, he had a sip of his tea and pretended a bit, before answering, “He was killed by Ennea Monkey of the Twelve Beasts.”

“What? The Twelve Beasts?”

“Ennea Monkey?”

Sounds of shock and fear were heard, as if the Twelve Beasts were devils and the source of their nightmares.

Meng Qi’s mouth twitched. Fei Zhengqing seemed to have pinned Jin Ancheng’s death on him to cover up for the suspected culprit, Snow God Palace traitor. What was the point for him to do so?

A few moments later, the chubby merchant collected himself. “Brother Cao? Was it really Ennea Monkey? Jin Ancheng is considered one of the best fighters of the southern five states. Not many could take his life.”

The battle record of the Twelve Beasts was incomplete. For some, people regarded them to be grandmasters. The rest, people doubted they could even defeat a skilled master like Jin Ancheng. Ennea Monkey belonged to the latter group, which was why people were doubtful. When any of the Twelve Beasts killed, provided they were not in a rush, they would leave their sign behind to add to their legend.

“A monkey-faced mask was left behind and Jin Ancheng’s throat was slit in one motion… ” Brother Cao went on to explain the details.

One motion? Perhaps they were trying to cover up the sword wound on his throat…Meng Qi smiled as he watched the waiter bring him his vegetarian dishes. It was quite nice when he gave them a taste. Going vegetarian once in a while really refreshed the body.

A wave of gasps later, people were chattering among themselves.

“Aren’t the Twelve Beasts too terrifying? They killed even Landlord Jin…”

“That’s right. It has long been rumored that the Twelve Beasts were the strangest, scariest, and most mysterious group. I didn’t believe it at first, but after today, I know it’s not just a tale!”

“They dare to commit murder in Destiny City. Aren’t they worried about angering the great Castellan?”

“I heard Zodiac Dragon and Primus Rat are grandmasters who fear no one!”

“Never mind them, you can’t underestimate Ennea Monkey’s strength either. Jin Ancheng has always been ranked in the top 20 skilled martial artists in Destiny City and the southern five states. Seeing as Ennea Monkey could easily kill him, his Kung Fu is perhaps on par with Head Constable Fei.”

“Who cares? I just know he’s not someone we want to mess with.”

During their discussion, their fear of Ennea Monkey had increased quite a bit.

“Why did Ennea Monkey want to kill Jin Ancheng?” the chubby merchant asked curiously.

Brother Cao sneered. “Twelve Beasts never reveal their tasks or explain their reasons, but Head Constable Fei suspects it has something to do with the disappearance of Duan Mingcheng, Lord Duan’s son. Perhaps there’s some big secret behind it.”

Everyone had their own opinion about Duan Mingcheng’s disappearance, meaning that Meng Qi could not get any meaningful information out of them. He slowly finished his vegetarian dishes, paid the waiter, and left the restaurant. He walked in the direction of the watergate.

The information that Mr. Leisure, Duan Xiangfei, had provided did have some notes on the Snow God Palace traitor. It seemed like Duan Xiangfei had done some investigation of his own.

The traitor that Duan Xiangfei had discovered was called Wu Cheng, the owner of a northern goods shop near the watergate. He usually stayed indoors, but loved befriending the poor.

After leaving the Jinshui bridge, Meng Qi came to the most affluent part of the city. It was also where Heaven Fragrance Building was situated, but he did not go through there. He stayed away and went around to avoid the place.

Inside the North-South Pass shop, Meng Qi was holding a string of sanders beads and smiling. He asked the shop attendant, “These Buddha beads aren’t too bad, but do you have something better?”

“Something better?” The attendant looked him up and down. Judging from Meng Qi’s clothes, he was just a common monk. What could he afford?

When Meng Qi took out a handful of silvers from his pocket, the attendant immediately smiled and said, “We do indeed have better beads. Allow me to go and get the owner.”

Duan Xiangfei had told him that once an item exceeds a certain price, the shop manager would have to get the owner, for it was beyond his decision, by which time Wu Cheng himself would come out, Meng Qi just used Duan Xiangfei’s method.

Moments later, a plain-looking man about 30 years old walked in. He was holding a string of Buddha beads. With a smile, he said, “Young Master, this is made of Aloeswood from the south sea. It calibrates Qi and calms you down.”

Meng Qi gently rubbed the beads, a heady aroma rising to his nose. It was a strong yet not overpowering smell, giving off a calming feeling.

“Not bad. I didn’t think a northern goods store has Buddha beads from the south sea,” Meng Qi said casually.

Wu Cheng kept smiling. “The shop is called The North-South Pass. We naturally carry products from both the north and the south. Are you happy with these beads?”

“Very satisfied.” Meng Qi reckoned these beads were beneficial for his cultivation and practice. He did not mind buying it. He looked up and down Wu Cheng and said seriously, “Donor, I see that dark clouds have covered your aurora. You’re in for some strife in the near future.”

Wu Cheng’s smile disappeared immediately. He wanted to give the monk a good beating. Damn these Jianghu frauds. If he believed him, the monk would make these beads the key object that could block his troubles, allowing the monk to leave with the beads without paying.

His expression fell and he said, “I’ve never believed in Buddhism, Young Master. Please see yourself out.”

Meng Qi said nothing else. He laughed coldly and left the store.

If the average person was cursed, they would at least be angered and yell insults. But Wu Cheng was a little too polite, making him more suspicious. It was inconvenient to move around during the day, so Meng Qi decided to return to check things out at night.

After walking around for a bit, Meng Qi decided to return to the abandoned temple. When he got close, he saw Zhang Zongxian pacing out in front.

“Donor Zhang, are you looking for me?” Meng Qi walked up to him.

Zhang Zongxian was a little startled. He said, “Master Zhen Ding, Castellan Cui invites you to have a chat in his home.”

“Castellan Cui?” Meng Qi was surprised. He had not expected things to proceed so fast.

Zhang Zongxian replied bitterly, “Ennea Monkey has popped up again and killed Landlord Jin. Master, you have fought him. That’s why Castellan Cui and Head Constable Fei want to ask you some questions to see if they can find any clues.”

“Ennea Monkey appeared again? I struck him with my blade! He was wounded quite severely!” Meng Qi acted like he was shocked. He had long practiced this reaction.

Zhang Zongxian looked at Meng Qi oddly. “Master, I have my suspicions too. Even if your strike didn’t kill him, it would at least force him to lay flat on his back for a couple of weeks. Unless the killer is an impostor?”

“Perhaps Ennea Monkey is trained in Thwart Kung Fu as well. It’s my oversight,” Meng Qi answered hastily. “Donor Zhang, did you tell Castellan Cui about my battle with Ennea Monkey?”

Fei Zhengqing and the rest were exceptional bladesman and well-trained in Achievement of the Pure Body. Besides, they had almost killed Ennea Monkey in the past. If Zhang Zongxian told Cui Xu, it would not be hard for Fei Zhengqing, an experienced Jianghu person and a constable, to figure out Ennea Monkey from last night was, in fact, Meng Qi in disguise.

Zhang Zongxian shook his head. “That’s your personal business. I dare not discuss it with others. So I said that it was chaotic and that I simply saw how you struck Ennea Monkey’s abdomen with your blade in the last moments. My wife and I said nothing to the Castellan about the Treasure Map. We just told him it was a copy.”

Meng Qi looked at Zhang Zongxian deeply and saw the honesty in his eyes. He felt at ease and sighed. “I’ll follow you to the manor right away.”

If it was up to people like Gu Xiaosang, Zhang Zongxian and his wife would have long been killed a hundred times over to prevent the secret from being leaked. But he cannot do that. Either way, he had already accepted the main task. As long as he can find Duan Mingcheng, it was not a big deal not to have Ennea Monkey’s identity as a cover. So it did not matter if the couple accidentally leaked his secret. At most, it would just hinder his chances of completing his auxiliary task.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66: The Sword God in White
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The place where Meng Qi saw Cui Xu was not the guest room of the Castellan Mansion, nor was its study, but the garden between the inner and outer yards.

Cui Xu was a thin middle-aged man, and it’s not hard to tell that he was a handsome man in his younger days. Even now, he still hadn’t lost his charm, wearing a handsome beard. Elegance just emanated from his bones, yet there was a sense of sternness about him.

He had four people by his side, two of whom Meng Qi had met before. One who was pretty, and liked wearing red was lady Cui Jinxiu, the other was the long-faced head constable Fei Zhengqing

The other two were a bit older than Fei Zhengqing. One was a stout old man, full of gray hair and wrinkles, yet with a ruddy complexion, his back straight and always wearing a smile on his face, which made him very approachable. The other was over fifty, with a red face, bushy eyebrows and a full head of hair.

Seeing this group of five, Meng Qi was a bit taken aback. Lady Cui is here but I don’t see Junior Castellan Cui Jinhua. Could it be that he has more pressing matters to attend to?

“Master Zhen Ding, do forgive my bold invitation.” Though Cui Xu had always been stern, being a grandmaster, he never lacked the necessary formalities.

Meng Qi put his palms together and replied, “Amitabha, the twelve beasts have stirred up Jianghu, their hands are full of blood and have committed unforgivable sins. When I heard the Ennea Monkey had spilled blood with the Destiny city, even if the Castellan didn’t invite me, I’d have invited myself.”

After Cui Xu finished his greetings, his expression was stern again, he nodded and said, “Master Zhen Ding is very kind, I thank you on behalf of the citizens of Destiny City.”

After a bit of chatter, Fei Zhengqing smiled and directed the topic, “Master Zhen Ding, you are a guest from afar, let me make some introductions. I’m Fei Zhengqing, head constable of Destiny City, and responsible for the arrest of the Ennea Monkey. This is You Tongguang, Mr. You, sworn brother of the Castellan, also known as the ‘living God of Wealth’.”

He pointed toward a smiling elder.

So this is You Tongguang… Meng Qi greeted him commonly but memorized his looks, body type, and clothing.

“This is elder Mu Shan, the commander of the southern 18 waterways, also known as Third Master Mu, another sworn brother of the Castellan.” Fei Zhengqing introduced the red-faced, bushy-bearded elder.

Mu Shan nodded slightly, suspiciously looking at Meng Qi.

“Needless for me to introduce my niece Jinxiu, I’m assuming you’re already acquainted.” Fei Zhengqing stopped smiling and said in earnest, “Master Zhen Ding, the fact that you can wound the Ennea Monkey means that you’re a highly skilled martial artist. We need your help to arrest him.”

“Ha.” Mushan sniggered contemptuously, but he didn’t make any over-the-top reactions.

“Head Constable Fei, feel free to ask anything.” Due to the fact that the Ennea Monkey was of similar height to Meng Qi, he did not worry that Fei Zhengqing could figure out that it was he who was disguised as the “Ennea Monkey”.

Fei Zhengqing nodded and said, “Master, first, I will apologize for my questioning, this is just the usual routine.”

After he got the nod from Meng Qi, he started with the questions, “From where did you come and where did you meet the Ennea Monkey?”

“I come from the land of the extreme west. I was traveling the land, and when I was on the boat I saw the Ennea Monkey trying to kill Donor Zhang and his wife… ” With Fei Zhengqing’s questions, Meng Qi told Fei about his encounters with a mixture of both truth and falsehood. He boasted that his Bladesmanship was prodigious, and just managed to wound the Ennea Monkey, but the Ennea Monkey was trained in Thwart Kung Fu and escaped by faking his death.

Fei Zhengqing kept asking about the details, but Meng Qi had long prepared the answers in keeping with Zhang Zongxian’s answers so as to be sure there weren’t any contradictions.

“Master Zhen Ding truly is a grandmaster of the blade, such skilled bladesmanship of the Ennea Monkey, not to mention his Thwart Kung Fu was still no match for you. I must ashamedly confess that judging from lack of evidence from the effortless murder of Landlord Jin Ancheng, I’m afraid that I won’t stand a chance against the Ennea Monkey.” Fei Zhengqing said smiling, but his expressions showed a hint of suspicion.

Even if the Ennea Monkey was well-trained in Thwart Kung Fu and avoided serious harm, he was wounded earlier in the night and recovered later the same night, which seemed a bit too miraculous. It was too hard to believe unless the Ennea Monkey had reached the level where he’s just half a step away from breaking through the human body’s Secret Chamber.

If that were the case, then Zhen Ding, who faced him straight up, was at the same level, which was even much scarier given his age.

Before Meng Qi could answer, Mu Shan already let out a fake laugh. He gave Meng Qi a harsh stare and said, “Master Zhen Ding, your story is convincing, but I’m having trouble believing you, even a gifted genius cannot bypass painstaking practice!”

“Allow me, a dotage to test you personally!”

In the same instant, he drew a long blade from his hip and started attacking. Cui Xu, Fei Zhengqing, and You Tongguang made no attempt to stop him, instead, they watched Meng Qi with interest.

Meng Qi, who was sitting on the stone stool smiled, he didn’t move, just lightly blocked with his own blade. Before Mu Shan’s blade could truly stretch, Meng Qi’s blade had already landed on his most vulnerable spot.

This wasn’t the Blood Bladesmanship, nor the Blade Art of Five Tigers Cracking the Gate, it was, in fact, the “Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship”, which Meng Qi had been pondering for the past 7 months. He took out the relatively easy changes of the “Peace Quietude Split”, and combined it with the two blade arts which he already knew and came up with a new style that did not involve blade-intentions.

Meng Qi hoped that in the future, he could invent a complete bladesmanship, favorable even during the enlightenment period.

Even without blade-intentions, or blade-charm and excitement, but just basing it on the standard of the Qi-cultivation period, these moves were considered refined and exquisite, giving off an indescribable charm.

Yet in this world, apart from the Seven Grandmasters whom he never fought with, Meng Qi reckoned the finest martial ar—tists were the ones who achieved advanced success of Qi-cultivation and got close to Enlightenment—For some reason, Meng Qi thought there was something missing when trained in this world, too many constraints and shackles. The efficiency could not compare to that when he was at Shaolin.

Seeing Meng Qi’s ingenious blade motion, Cui Xu slightly squinted at him, and Fei Zhengqing and You Tongguang had no other expressions on their faces apart from focus and shock.

The power of the blade was blocked at the critical moment, Mu Shan just felt his blood boiling and breathing becoming difficult but he didn’t give in. He clenched his teeth and changed forms, taking a diagonal step and sliding sideways.

Meng Qi neither moved his feet nor his body, he casually waved his blade and a loud clang erupted, cutting the weak point of Mu Shan’s sword, forcing him to take a step back.

Mu Shan screamed in anger and attacked again, but his strikes all seemed to have been casually blocked by Meng Qi’s blade and dissipated.

“Brother, stop trying, Master Zhen Ding’s bladesmanship is marvelous.” Cui Xu opened his mouth to stop Mu Shan attacking again, and used the word “marvelous” to describe Meng Qi’s self-invented bladesmanship.

Mu Shan finally stopped, breathing heavily. In hindsight of what just happened, Mu Shan’s ego shattered.

Upon hearing the compliment, Meng Qi smiled and said, “I’m not worthy of Castellan’s high praise.”

His newly invented bladesmanship was still very scattered and unsystematic, the changes in form were not linked either. If he kept battling, he would’ve lost the marvel effect, and show the weaknesses, he then would’ve had to have gotten up from the stone stool and into the fight stance. If he were forced to use “Lightning Changes” like last night when he was desperately trying to hold on, then Fei Zhengqing would have definitely recognized it.

Hence, Cui Xu intervened just at the right moment.

Cui Xu turned to look at Fei Zhengqing, he was full of shock and gravely shook his head, indicating that this Bladesmanship was far different from that of the Ennea Monkey, two completely different levels.

Ennea Monkey’s bladesmanship, aside from the common big movements, had a hint of ghostly weirdness, whether the blade or body movements, all were unpredictable and evil. In contrast, Master Zhen Ding’s bladesmanship gave off a sense of maxim, refined and exquisite.

Lady Cui Jinxiu couldn’t close her mouth from the moment Meng Qi drew his blade, intensely watching the battle, she then said embarrassingly, “Master, you were holding back so much when I battled you… ”

I thought that my skills could compare with the Master and Ennea Monkey…

Cui Xu stood up, cupping one hand in the other before his chest and said, “I had thought that since the Ennea Monkey had been wounded, I suspected that the Ennea Monkey from last night was in fact disguised by the master. I see that I’ve made a grave mistake for ever doubting Master, I beg for your forgiveness.”

He apologized and confessed honestly.

“I understand the Castellan’s urgency.” Meng Qi replied “honestly”.

Just as he was about to ask details about “Ennea Monkey’s” crime, a servant came from the outside garden, his face was in shock and fright.

“Castellan, Castellan, something bad has happened!” He screamed, waving a piece of red paper.

Everyone turned, including Meng Qi, Cui Xu said in a low voice, “Calm down and tell us slowly.”

The servant took two big breaths, he presented the red paper and said, “Castellan, this is a challenge invitation from the Sword God in White. He will come to challenge you in seven days.”

The word had already spread, which was why he didn’t hold back in front of Meng Qi.

“God of Sword in White!” was it Luo Qing?

It’s him! One of the Seven Grandmasters!

This would be a rare battle between two grandmasters!

Meng Qi and the others were all stunned, but Cui Xu’s face didn’t change, “I’ve long wanted to test myself against Master Luo’s sword art.”

By saying this, he pretty much accepted the challenge. This battle of the grandmasters could not be avoided!

“This truly is the season of troubles… ” Yong Tongguang and Fei Zhengqing both sighed.

Because of this incident, their focus had been moved away from the Ennea Monkey, they talked with Meng Qi for a bit and saw him out.

“They’re using the same tone as the rumors outside. What are they trying to hide? Perhaps they’re afraid of alerting the enemies?” This incident was hard to figure out, which made Meng Qi scratch his head.

“Anyhow, this incident is quite a big deal, meaning You Tongguang would not get home until late, which has given me an opportunity.” Meng Qi thought to himself.

You Tongguang might be the Snow God Palace’s traitor. He might know “Transformation Strategy” and other strange forms of martial arts. Meng Qi did not go straightly knocking on the door like he did with Jin Ancheng, instead, he planned to check out the surroundings first.

Additionally, Meng Qi wanted to take this opportunity and find a way to complete a side task.

…

Just as it was getting dark, Meng Qi, who had been staking out You’s Mansion to make sure Yong Tongguang hadn’t returned, put on his night-traveling cloak and mask and sneaked into You Tongguang’s library.

There was nothing out of the ordinary in You Tongguang’s library aside from a mutton-fat nephrite, which looked extremely valuable.

Meng Qi then searched You Tongguang’s bedroom and found no clues relating to the Snow God Palace. So he went back to the library and found a piece of blank paper. He intentionally changed his handwriting to emulate Master Thief Chu Liuxiang and wrote,

“I’ve heard that you owned the white jade joss, which was done with uncanny workmanship carved by highly skilled man, so I yearned for it and had a visit today, it deserves its reputation as expected.”

“While it’s not right for a guest to take it without notice in advance, I leave this letter to sincerely tell you that I will get it in six days when the moon hangs in the sky. You are always reasonable and lofty so you must not make me go back fruitlessly.”

“Yours, Ennea Monkey.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67: Transformation Strategy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

North-South Pass was the courtyard behind the shopfront. Meng Qi was sitting in the shadow of its cornice, looking at Wu Cheng’s bedroom.

After leaving the letter in You Tongguang’s study, Meng Qi rushed through the night to North-South Pass shopfront at North Water Gate of the city to monitor Wu Cheng’s every move.

With the Snow God Palace destroyed for decades, the remaining disciples passed on their secrets discreetly from one generation to another. They were experienced secret keepers, so Meng Qi believed he was likely to create a commotion if he entered and interrogated Wu Cheng the same way he did to Jin Ancheng. There were probably other people from the clan nearby spying on Wu Cheng. Once they felt something was off, they would inform others and cut off all communication. Perhaps Wu Cheng kept poison in his mouth and commit suicide at a critical moment to keep his secrets…

Given the circumstances, Meng Qi decided to first try other methods first before resorting to force.

So in the afternoon, Meng Qi used Dark Clouds Cover the Top and Certain Misfortune to scare Wu Cheng on purpose. Since the Snow God Palace claimed to be descendants of the gods and wanted to break the boundaries between man and gods, they were bound to believe in immortals, gods, destiny, and other things. They would be more superstitious than the average people. If they encountered curses from a strange monk’, they would be anxious and uneasy whether or not they believed in it.

Under such circumstances, Wu Cheng would likely seek some psychological comfort to soothe his anxiety, such as worshiping the snow god or looking for a clan superior to relieve his bad luck.

Of course, he based his assumption based on the beliefs advocated by the Snow God Palace and the inheritance that developed into heresy, as well as the clues Duan Xuangfei provided. He did not have complete confidence in his plan, but he would try something else if there was no reaction from Wu Cheng.

The black clouds covered the moon, leaving only faint light spilling on the ground amidst darkness. Relying on his eyesight linked with his condensed six acupunctures, he was able to forcibly see Wu Cheng’s bedroom.

After a long time, a slight squeak caught Meng Qi’s attention. Wu Cheng was opening the window, cautiously looking around, and gently nodding at someone diagonally across him.

Diagonally across? Meng Qi’s heart leapt and followed Wu Cheng’s sight to see the door of the wing room slowly open.

So there really were people from the Snow God Palace spying on Wu Cheng, and just on the opposite side. He had no idea how many were hidden there… He became glad that he did not recklessly capture Wu Cheng.

Wu Cheng jumped out of his window and landed light on his feet. His martial arts skills were pretty good. He flashed into the wing room, quietly closing the door behind him.

There was neither candle light in the wing room nor any sounds coming from within. It was as if it was just an empty room.

Meng Qi was about to examine the room when he remembered Fei Zhengqing had dug a tunnel. He had a sudden understanding of the situation. Thus, he did not jump into the courtyard, but looked around to observe the nearby ones.

Fei Zhengqing must be afraid that the tunnel would be discovered. The selected route must be short with a focus on not alerting anyone of its existence. This wing room was near two west-side courtyards. Obviously the tunnel would not run through its own courtyard towards the east and north ones. Otherwise, he might as well have chosen the east-side courtyards or the north-side ones as the tunnel entrance.

Meng Qi was sure that the tunnel entrance must be in one of the two west courtyards. Even if the Snow God Palace was cautious, the entrance could not be any further than in the west-side courtyards. Luckily, he had the time to inspect them one by one.

He had not thought about directly entering the tunnel to tail Wu Cheng because he suspected there were others from the clan spying on this wing room. If he went in without careful consideration, he might alert the enemy.

Standing up, Meng Qi quietly entered one of the west courtyards under the cover of the night.

Moments later, Meng Qi decided that the courtyard belonged to an ordinary family based on its conditions. He sneaked into the other courtyard, listening for movements inside with his ear against the roof tiles.

From time to time, he heard the sound of breathing that was deliberately lowered and gradually felt relieved.

Due to the proximity of the wing room to Wu Cheng’s courtyard, Meng Qi did not need to spare much effort to hear Wu Cheng’s voice.

“Thank you for your explanation, Han Shi. The tension has clouded my mind, enough to make me worry about a small monk’s casual nonsense.”

Meng Qi heard a slightly older voice. “Fearing God and worshiping the heaven are the foundation of our Snow God Palace. You’ve done nothing wrong. But you need to distinguish those who are dishonest. Alas, it’s also due to our heavy loss this time. We’re so jittery and the Venerable is missing as well. We can’t help feeling panicked.”

The Venerable had gone missing?

Meng Qi had no idea what the secret inheritance of the Snow God Palace was, but he could tell the Venerable was higher-ranked than Han Shi.

“Frost Herald, there’s still no news about the Venerable…”

And then Frost Herald said coldly, “Come down, the friend on the roof.”

Had Han Shi noticed him? Meng Qi received a shock. To avoid making a mistake, he did not immediately act.

Frost Herald spoke again, “The friend on the roof, you’ve heard that we’re from the Snow God Palace. Then you must not be unaware of Transformation Strategy. I’m not talented and my cultivation isn’t deep, but I have extraordinarily sharp senses.”

Meng Qi knew he had exposed himself when he heard this. But he gained courage from his skills and he laughed heartily. He jumped off the roof, openly knocked at the door, and entered.

There were four people in the room. They were Wu Cheng, a hunchbacked old man, and two who seemed to be retinues flanking the elder.

“So it’s you, Mr. Ennea Monkey.” The elder’s eyes widened in shock when he saw Meng Qi’s smiling monkey mask. It seemed like he did not expect this.

He was wearing short suits, as if he was a poor, busy man on a dock.

“Transformation Strategy is truly remarkable.” As if he were visiting old friends, Meng Qi closed the door at will and hit at the sleeping acupoints of the two retinues.

Frost Herald did not resist in any way. He laughed and said, “It’s really wonderful, but it’s not as mysterious as the rumors say. Why are you here, Mr. Ennea Monkey?”

After easily killing Jin Ancheng last night, Meng Qi estimated that his strength was limited. He decided to frankly tell them some unimportant secrets and find a chance to escape.

“I have two purposes. First, I’m here to learn about the mysteries of Transformation Strategy.” This was something he made up.

Han Shi said doubtfully, “Are you planning on interrogating me about Transformation Strategy? Then you got the wrong person. I’m yet to reach the level of the Venerable, so I’m not granted the full extent of Transformation Strategy. I only know a little about it.”

“You should be more knowledgeable about the effects of Transformation Strategy, no?” Meng Qi asked calmly with a smile.

Han Shi nodded. “Transformation Strategy is no stranger for anyone who is deeply familiar with the Snow God Palace. It specializes in the Primal Acupore at Mid-brows. It’s a miraculous technique to open its cultivator’s spirit Secret Chamber in the body. Even if the cultivator didn’t succeed in the end, their spirit will be much stronger than the average person. This is why they can sense almost everything within a certain distance without seeing or hearing.”

This was not a secret, but it was not information available to just anyone. It was normal for Ennea Monkey not to know about it.

The Primal Acupore at Mid-brow? The Secret Chamber of spirit? Meng Qi’s interest was piqued about Transformation Strategy. He smiled and said, “So that’s how you discovered me earlier.”

After a pause, he cautiously asked, “If one achieves the ultimate point of Transformation Strategy, can they use their powerful spirit to produce illusions, like ghosts and gods, and leave others unable to defend themselves?”

“How do you know this?” Frost Herald replied with a question, surprised. Meng Qi showed no knowledge of Transformation Strategy earlier, but how could he know the horrors of Transformation Strategy once it was completed?

“I fought with such a figure last night. I could only hit the illusion with each strike. It took a lot of effort to force him to back off. I suspect he’s the Venerable.” Meng Qi deliberately revealed some information to Frost Herald to see what judgment he would make.

“Impossible! How could you push back a man who has reached the ultimate point of Transformation Strategy?” Han Shi obviously did not believe in Meng Qi’s strength. But he soon recovered from his shock and thoughtfully said, “I have been handling the Venerable’s province in Destiny for a long time. I still can’t get touch with him and I fear he’s already dead. Who you meet is likely not him. Even if it’s him, his Transformation Strategy isn’t to that terrifying level.”

“Could it be the master of your Palace?” Meng Qi also believed that a mere Venerable’s Transformation Strategy could not be that powerful. Otherwise, the disciples of the Snow God Palace would not be secretly inheriting this since a long ago.

Han Shi shook his head, visibly amused. He pondered for a moment before saying, “It might not be Transformation Strategy.”

“Ah?” Meng Qi expressed his doubt with his nasally voice.

With a grim look on his face, Han Shi said, “Transformation Strategy is a powerful martial art to open the spirit Secret Chamber, but it isn’t the only one. If other sects cultivated the Primal Acupore at Mid-brows and opened the Secret Chamber, they could interfere with the senses and leave their opponents making wrong estimations and false figures by himself, whether or not he has Transformation Strategy.”

“Having opened the Secret Chamber…” Meng Qi thoughtfully whispered and then changed the topic. “I came here for another reason. I want to know the treasure deposits in the Snow God Palace, but now I have one more question. Why did your Venerable disappear and when did it happen?”

He did not directly ask Duan Mingcheng, but did it in a roundabout way.

Han Shi smiled bitterly again. “Those two things are actually the same. I’m not afraid Mr. Ennea Monkey will laugh at us. When our Snow God Palace broke up, the four guardians each took a Treasure Map. The treasure could be found if the four maps are put together. But as you know, it is difficult to read man’s mind. In the end, there was only one guardian who would continue the inheritance of the Snow God Palace remaining. So we only have one Treasure Map.”

“As for the other three maps, one is missing, one in the hand of the Living God of Wealth, and another taken by Duan Mingcheng, Mr. Leisure’s son. Duan Mingcheng also coveted the treasure deposits and often contacted with us. Just as we planned to work together, the Venerable who was going to negotiate with him disappeared with him.”

The map with unknown whereabouts was in Meng Qi’s hands… His heart stirred as he thought this. It seemed Duan Mingcheng did go and see the mysterious man. And he disappeared with the man, not dragged away…

Of course, the descriptions from the Snow God Palace might not be true.

For the Venerable’s disappearance, Han Shi sent a lot of people to look for him. But before hearing any news, Fei Zhengqing was chasing after him and he was forced to go to ground. It made it difficult for him to spy on the Venerable and he also had no clues.

Meng Qi woke up Frost Herald’s retinues and inquired them again. What they said were in accordance with Han Shi’s words.

Seeing there was no more information, Meng Qi slightly smiled. “Please forgive me for nagging at night. Right, I’ll be leaving soon. I wonder if you can write down what you know about Transformation Strategy from memory.”

He did not intend to minor in Transformation Strategy. After all, Han Shi was likely to tamper with the wording. He just wanted to know the thoughts of the cultivation of the Primal Acupore, pondering the truth in it.

Frost Herald made a long sigh and found a pen and paper to write the front part of Transformation Strategy. What he wrote was not the core chapter of it anyway.

After getting the first part of the strategy, Meng Qi quickly exited the wing room and watched the outside for two hours. He found that no one came looking for Frost Herald, but the old man did not leave either.

He repeatedly changed the directions to Jinshui Bridge.

He was about to leave the North City when a flurry of doubts appeared in his mind. Even if Frost Herald feared death, he did not have to cooperate as he did. Meng Qi need not ask too many questions and Frost Herald was already speaking without hesitation. For example, he had doubted the use of Transformation Strategy by the intruder earlier.

His heart sinking, Meng Qi travelled on the same way and once again made it back to the courtyard.

It was completely quiet in the wing room. When Meng Qi faintly felt that something was wrong, he thrust at the window paper to snoop.

The room was full of the fallen people. Frost Herald’s back was against the beam, his frozen expression showing he had died.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68: Uproar
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Meng Qi slowly took a few breaths to calm down. As expected, he was not shocked, but rather found the whole issue more complex and confusing. He had no clue who told the truth and which words were actually a lie.

Now was not a good time to sort out clues and words now. Meng Qi carefully observed around to confirm no one was going to ambush him. He opened the door and went in.

There were nine corpses inside the house. Besides Wu Cheng, Frost Herald and his two retinues, there were four other people dressed in rags like they were wharf coolies.

Having carefully examined their wounds, Meng Qi found that all nine died from one fatal blow. The wounds were on their throat, made from a sword stab. There was no trace of a scuffle in the room.

The murderer’s Kung Fu was horrifying!

Meng Qi rather suspected the murderer to be the shadow from last night. The shadow was skilled with the sword, could break his Golden Bell Shield, and had the odd power to affect senses. It was not hard for him to achieve this outcome if he caught Frost Herald and the others off guard. Had the shadow not failed to kill Meng Qi within several sword moves and worried about the Storm Pear Needles, Meng Qi feared he would long be assassinated.

However, this was merely Meng Qi’s speculation. He could not be certain about the shadow.

Looking back and forth, he suddenly frowned when he noticed everyone died rather oddly, without any fear or surprise on their faces. Rather, they were looking down and wearing expressions of relief and respect.

“Could it be the seniors from the Snow God Palace? But why would he want to kill them?” Meng Qi wondered doubtfully.

Except for the tunnel leading to the North-South Pass, there were no traces worthy of concern in the entire yard. After confirming this, Meng Qi quietly retreated and constantly changed his direction. He returned to the area near You’s Mansion after moving a big circle around and looked for movement inside as he thought over the whole thing.

There were too many mysteries and possibility for anyone to lie. Many new ideas came to him, but in the end, he had no clear answer.

…

The household of Castellan Mansion was in minor chaos due to the challenge of Sword God in White. Since Cui Xu needed to retreat to grind his sword, all household issues were left to Miss Cui Jinxiu. But her uncles, You Tongguang, Mu Shan, and Fei Zhengqing, consciously stayed behind to assist her. They helped her deal with various matters in an orderly manner and gradually stabilized the complex situation.

Due to this, it was midnight when You Tongguang returned to his own mansion. Dark clouds covered the moon. If he reached out his hand against the moon, he would not be able to see his fingers.

“Dad, did Castellan the accept Luo Qing’s challenge?” His third son, You Hongbo, came to him as soon as he entered the house.

You Tongguang nodded. “Fifth Brother has been looking forward to a master-class duel for a long time. He’d like to boost his own potential to get close to the illusory Man-God Border.”

He explained in great detail because You Hongbo was one of his most satisfactory sons. His eldest son, You Hongwen, indulged himself in poetry and writing, unskilled in Kung Fu and lived in the capital all year round. Though he was keen on inheriting the family business, he was unwilling to be a merchant. The second son, You Hong, was spoiled when he was young and grew up to be badly behaved man who left others an impression of immaturity even at the age of 30 or 40.

Only You Hongbo, the youngest son, inherited the authentic martial arts from him and also had quite some gift for the merchant businesses. Hence, he had been taking over most of the business matters. If he did well, the family business was his in the future.

You Tongguang was unconcerned with the birth order of his sons or if they were born of lineal descent. He simply believed in one point, that people roaming the Jianghu will succeed in their family business with only talent or the whole family will die without a burial ground.

“How many years has it been since a master-class duel…” You Hongbo sighed with yearning.

You Tongguang chuckled. “There is no shortage of duels between masters, but most stop at the appropriate point and they don’t talk about it. It’s rare to see such a formal duel, but I’m confident in Fifth Brother.”

He paused. “Hongbo, how’s everything going with those darts?”

You Hongbo dared not meet his father’s eyes and said guiltily, “I’ve yet to figure who it was yet. If I found the traitor who leeches on us but helps outsiders, I’d definitely peel off his skin and break his bones!”

“Humph. Third Young Master really has a nasty temper. Now isn’t the time to look for the traitor. The darts are the most important thing. If you can’t find them, then hurry up and prepare another batch. Or else… humph.” You Tongguang’s expression darkened in a rare show of displeasure as he lectured his son.

You Hongbo naturally dared not contradict his father and smiled to please him. He entered the inner courtyard and walked towards the study with his father, accompanied by housekeepers and others.

You Tongguang went to the study as usual and unlocked the bronze lock. He pushed the door slowly with a squeak, but abruptly stopped with his expression fading away as he looked inside solemnly.

“What’s wrong, dad?” You Hongbo asked, knowing nothing.

You Tongguang said quietly, “Someone has entered the study.”

The housekeepers, escorts, and the rest were all in panic. This was their dereliction of duty!

You Hongbo knew his father had extraordinary martial arts and was adept in sensing changes in different breaths. Thus he suspected nothing and entered first to look around.

“There’s a letter!” He pointed at the white paper folded neatly in front of the white jade joss.

“Bring it to me,” You Tongguang commanded his escort.

The escort stepped forward to test the paper with silver needles. When they turned out to be non-poisonous, he picked up the letter to respectfully present it to You Tongguang.

When he unfolded the letter, his curious son also moved closer to read it.

“I’ve heard you own the white jade joss with uncanny workmanship carved by a highly skilled man, so I yearned for it and had a visit today. As expected, it deserves its reputation.”

“It’s not right for a guest to take it without notice, so I leave this letter to sincerely tell you I’ll collect it six days later at night. You’re always reasonable. You must not let me return fruitlessly.”

“Yours, Ennea Monkey.”

After reading the letter, he was shocked and angry, afraid and furious. He not only wanted to tear up Ennea Monkey, but also wanted Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods to back away.

“He’s going too far! Too far!” You Tongguang gritted his teeth, his expression darkening as he threw the letter to the ground.

Thinking of his father’s strength and Uncle Castellan’s martial arts, You Hongbo suppressed his fear and panic. Flying into rage out of humiliation, he shouted, “Dad, we must teach Ennea Monkey a lesson!”

The housekeepers and escorts looked at each other. Since when did Ennea Monkey of Twelve Animal Zodiac God turn into a thief?

“Go and invite your uncles here tomorrow.” You Tongguang meditated for a while and said with any trace of a smile. “Uncle Cui has retreated to grind his sword, so don’t disturb him for now.”

He gradually suppressed his emotions and said calmly, “Another thing. Let this issue be known to the world.”

…

Meng Qi observed You’s Mansion for half the night, but You Tongguang’s reaction was calm as he handled the issue despite his initial anger in receiving the letter. He did not make any suspicious move, leaving Meng Qi with no clues. Meng Qi was forced to return to the temple early for the night.

The following day, after harmonizing Qi-circulation and entering Dhyana as well as practicing martial arts, Meng Qi leisurely walked towards the Exquisite Dining Building, intending to enjoy lunch and inquire something about the news.

Along the way, he purchased a bamboo hat, a set of clothes, and a set of white frock he had been dreaming about.

Entering the tavern, he was bombarded with news of Cui Xu and Luo Qing before he could even sit down.

“It’s a duel between two grandmasters! It’s a rare, once in a century event!”

“Yeah! I didn’t think we can experience such grand occasion.”

“It’s too bad only those legendary Jianghu figures with invitation can enter Castellan’s Mansion. We wouldn’t be witnessing this unforgettable duel.”

“Yeah, what a damn pity. But I heard that Cao Manzi is taking bets on the duel outcome. Who do you all think will be the winner, Castellan or God of Sword in White?”

As soon as this question came up, the people in the tavern started discussing enthusiastically, analyzing the strength of both sides.

“Castellan has been renowned for more than 20 years and was a grandmaster for 10 years. How could Luo Qing who has just become a grandmaster contend with him? I’m for Castellan!”

“You can’t be sure. Luo Qing roams the world with his sword. He’s known to be invincible, defeating all his enemies in less than three strikes. Luo Qing is on the rise, while Castellan hasn’t fought in recent years. I’m afraid he has lost some of his sharp momentum.”

“When the Castellan broke the seven-star Jianzhen three years ago, he used five moves. But God of Sword in White broke it with just two strikes.”

“Perhaps Castellan has opened another Secret Chamber within three years?”

People held different opinions and no one could be persuaded, to the point they almost fought. Fortunately, they channeled their outrage into the bet.

Meng Qi was eating tasty food with chopsticks. He found out Castellan Cui Xu had retreated to train, leaving Miss Cui in charge of all city affairs. He also learned that God of Sword in White was dwelling in Dabei Temple, burning incense and fasting, washing up and cleaning his sword, as he waited for the duel.

Was Junior Castellan Cui Jinhua really not in Destiny City? This concerned Meng Qi this most. It was hard to determine the authenticity of the information he currently held, so he had to find a way to ask the other relevant person, Cui Jinhua.

“By the way, did you know Ennea Monkey has appeared again last night?” Cao Manzi had his entourage putting away the bets and spread this piece of news.

“What’s going on? Who did Ennea Monkey kill again?” Many guests in the tavern were ordinary people, but there are also many from the Jianghu who were particularly interested in Jianghu news. Besides, Castellan of Destiny City was a grandmaster of their contemporary, so the locals were also concerned about Jianghu matters.

Cao Manzi slowly shook his head and said pretentiously, “Ennea Monkey didn’t kill anyone. Instead he sneaked into the home of Living God of Wealth and left a letter in his study.”

“What letter?” someone eagerly asked.

“The letter read ‘I’ve heard you own the white jade joss…” Cao Manzi had a stellar memory.

Everyone gasped hearing this. This provocative move with a boldness stemming from owning superior skills was shocking, but it was also what they yearned for.

“Living God of Wealth is only second to the grandmasters. Ennea Monkey is definitely no match for him!”

“Yeah, he should’ve taken the white jade joss in secret! Why did he leave a provocative letter? Where should Living God of Wealth put his face? I think Ennea Monkey will return empty-handed six days later.”

“That’s right. Living God of Wealth is outstanding in martial arts and has many friends. When dozens of masters surround the white jade joss six days later, let’s see how Ennea Monkey steals it!”

“I heard Living God of Wealth was planning to send the white jade joss to Castellan Mansion had it not for the upcoming duel. I suppose Ennea Monkey only has to admit failure at that time.”

“Ennea Monkey is really sly. He chose an appropriate time so Castellan has no time to help.”

…

The guests in the tavern discussed happily. After all, it was rare for something like this to happen in Jianghu.

An eavesdropping Meng Qi was very satisfied to hear this. This was precisely the outcome he wanted! The decisive duel between Sword God in White and Castellan Cui was imminent. If Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods were free, they would come to watch and broaden their horizon. Meng Qi left a letter at this time so he could create a commotion. This way, Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods would naturally seek for Ennea Monkey. This gave him hope of fulfilling his side task.

Of course, this alone was not safe enough. After satisfying his hunger, Meng Qi picked up the bamboo hat he bought and put it on, before quietly following Cao Manzi who was leaving.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69: Disputes of Jianghu
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

As the pivot of the south-north waterways and the throat of east-west transportation, Destiny City was reputed to be the most prosperous place in the world. At high noon, the streets were so crowded that people were rubbing shoulders.

Cao Manzi, the man who knew everything, hummed a drama script and carried his moneybag without any of danger as it was broad daylight. Due to his new bet, he also had his two thugs accompanying him at all times.

As he walked, he felt a hard object pointing at his waist. A hoarse voice came to his ears. “Turn to the next lane.”

The sun was burning brightly, but a cold sweat broke out on his forehead. He neither dared to check it was a real lethal weapon on his waist nor doubted the attacker’s courage to commit violence on the streets, Cao Manzi obeyed and changed his direction towards the lane.

On his way there, he noted that the attacker was of medium height and wore a drooping bamboo hat that obscured most of his face.

Just then, his two thugs also realized something was amiss. But they did not dare to venture. One cautiously followed Cao Manzi, while the other ran off to call for help.

Walking through two lanes, they gradually came to a place with fewer people around, surrounded by white walls and black tiles, green moss and weed.

“Enough. Ask the one behind retreat to the mouth of the lane,” Meng Qi continued to order with a lowered voice. His forefinger and middle finger were still pointed at Cao Manzi’s waist. When he used all his strength, his hands were comparable to weapons.

Cao Manzi had to instruct his thug to leave. Begging in a trembling voice, he said, “Brother, we’re all Jianghu men. Peace breeds wealth. If you have any difficulties, I’ll definitely give you a hand.”

“I heard you’re the one who knows everything in Destiny City.” Meng Qi did not mention that he had observed him for two days.

Cao Manzi was relieved to hear this. He only wanted to answer any question Meng Qi and send away this god of misfortune. “It’s all thanks to others. I have many friends, that’s why I have more information.”

“Great. If I have a task for Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods, how do I get in touch with them?” Meng Qi whispered.

There was no doubt a way for others to reach Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods for tasks. Otherwise, they would have starved to death if they depended on others to search for their whereabouts the way Duan Xiangfei did.

Of course, Meng Qi also suspected that Duan Xiangfei was already in contact with the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods and received information from them. Otherwise, they would not have met so coincidentally.

Cao Manzi realized he would feel the hard object pressing closer against his waist if he made the slightest move. He had no choice but to lick his lips and say, “I don’t know what you want to do by finding Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods, nor do I want to know. You can try asking at Cicada Hall in Locust Tree Street. Tell the manager you want to buy 380 grams of rootless flower and then tell him the task and remuneration you are ready to pay.”

“If Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods agree, an ointment called nepenthe will be available for sale in Cicada Hall. You can directly discuss with the manager. Oh right. You should pay part of the remuneration upfront.”

“Not bad. You’re quite honest.” The hoarse voice resounded in Cao Manzi’s ears. Then he heard a clear and crisp sound. Several small silvers were thrown on the ground.

When he looked down at the silvers, a vague figure flashed before his eyes. He realized his attacker had disappeared to the other side of the lane.

“Such skill…” He stood in amazement, feeling a little afraid. If he did not cooperate with the attacker, there would be hell to pay.

He did not have great Kung Fu skills, but he had a large network of friends, so he had pretty eyesight for other’s skills.

…

Meng Qi planned on luring Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods by both requesting a task and spreading rumors. But he also patiently did regular things each day. At night, he watched over You’s Mansion. During the day, he meditated to improve his Kung Fu and nosed around. After all, word about the duel between grandmasters as well as Ennea Monkey stealing had just gotten around. Some of Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods nearby had perhaps not come yet. Hence, if he requested a task then, it would be himself, Ennea Monkey, who will end up accepting it. That would leave his efforts in vain.

By the fourth day, the martial artists who were in the area arrived one after another. Destiny City became even livelier, with many inns overcrowded with guests.

After satisfying his hunger, Meng Qi returned to the temple. He found two boys and two girls in the yard. They were proper-looking young people. The boys were tall and upright, wearing ritual hats for scholars and large-sleeved shirts. The girls were graceful and pleasant-looking. One was in aqua-green long dress and white boots. The other was dressed completely in white.

They all used swords, but could they wield the long swords as well? Meng Qi was whispering to himself, noticing the four of them were carrying long swords on their waists.

Since the talented Jiang Zhiwei had mentioned it was difficult to learn sword art and even more difficult to use it well, Meng Qi would always pay more attention to those who used long swords.

When inquiring about news, Meng Qi could not be too obvious. Hence he did not wear the white frock he bought. The four people noticed a gray-robed monk coming in, but paid no attention to as they thought him to be one of the monks of the temple. They talked among themselves, chatting about the grandmasters duel, Cui Xu and Luo Qing, and Ennea Monkey stealing the white jade joss. They all looked excited.

“We can surely improve our sword art if we get the chance to watch the duel between the two grandmasters in sword art,” the girl in green said longingly. She was a girl of ordinary features, fair skin with several light pockmarks on her face.

The taller man smiled and said, “When that time comes, our fame as Four Meritocrats in the South of Yangtze River will spread.”

“Alas, only those with invitation can enter Castellan Mansion to watch the fight…” The white-clothed girl had a round face and was as cute as a button.

The shorter man looked towards the taller man and said expectantly, “Brother Ning, don’t you have a wide circle of acquaintances? Can you find a way?”

…

These people were discussing the same topics as those in the tavern did. Meng Qi was uninterested and directly went to the meditation room where he temporarily lived in.

A reception monk came and put his palms together with a smile. “Master Zhen Ding, why are you here so early today?”

“There are too many people outside. It’s so noisy that I might as well come here for peace,” Meng Qi said casually.

The reception monk pointed towards the four people in the yard. “That’s true. Many couldn’t find rooms and can only stay in the temple for the moment.”

There really were a lot of Jianghu men who came, to the point some were even forced to stay in this ruddy temple… After exchanging some pleasantries, Meng Qi entered the meditation room.

Meng Qi was barely seated when someone knocked on the door.

“What does this donor need?” When Meng Qi opened the door, he saw the taller boy from earlier standing outside the room with a smile.

He wore vintage clothing and had an impressive pair of slender, arched eyebrows. The boy smiled and said, “I’m Ning Daogu of the Four Meritocrats in the South of Yangtze River. The three persons here are my sworn brother and sisters, Ji Xin, Yue Shishi, and Nie Yao. May I know your name, master?”

He really did not need to know their nicknames… Meng Qi answered, “I’m Monk Zhen Ding. Why are you here, Donor Ning?”

Ning Daogu tried his best to show good manners. “Earlier I thought you were a monk in this temple, but I was wrong. May I know which temple are you from? Did you come to watch the grandmasters duel or Ennea Monkey stealing the white jade joss?”

“I believe in Wild Fox Dhyana. I wandered to Destiny City a few days ago; I didn’t make a special visit here,” Meng Qi answered ‘honestly’.

“Oh,” Ning Daogu replied. He left after a short conversation.

Closing the door, Meng Qi walked to the wide communal bed. He faintly heard Ning Daogu’s voice, telling the other three, “He’s an ordinary monk. Nothing special.”

“From his extraordinary looks, I thought he would be an eminent monk, a person from Jianghu like us.” Yue Shishi, the girl in green, smiled.

“Hey,” Ji Xin said. “There is no shortage of people with good looks but lack brains. Do eminent martial school and decent sects choose disciples based on their looks? I say he has most definitely practiced several unprofessional bladesmanships and called it a day.”

“Never mind him. The night after is the night Ennea Monkey will steal the white jade joss. Shall we wait near You’s Mansion?” Nie Yao said with gusto.

Quickly distracted, Yue Shishi said excitedly, “That’s right. Most people in Jianghu would come together the night after. No matter how skilled Ennea Monkey is, a man with two fists can’t defeat men with more fists. Once he’s discovered, he can’t escape this huge trap. When that time comes, we’ll have a chance to capture him.”

“If we can capture Ennea Monkey, our fame will spread to every corner of the world…” Ning Daogu fell into a reverie.

Meng Qi curled his lips and carefully started his meditation. Two hours later, he walked from his room directly to Ash Street.

Cicada Hall seemed to be a dusty old herbal medicine shop. The manager was dim-sighted and had poor hearing due to old age, hence he did not serve Meng Qi.

Meng Qi wore a plain indigo suit and a bamboo hat. He walked up to the manager, saying, “I’d like 380 grams of rootless flowers.”

The rootless flower was indeed a kind of medicine that did not exist.

The manager was using an abacus. When he heard what Meng Qi said, he paused for a moment before continuing his calculation. He said in an aged voice, “380 grams of rootless flowers?”

“Yes. The task is for you to kidnap You Hongbo, the youngest child of You family before the duel between the two grandmasters. I’ll compensate with Transformation Strategy.”

Though he did not have the completed Transformation Strategy, he could use what he had to bluff them. Besides, he was not afraid of the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods hunting him down. How could they hunt him down when he would be in the Samsara space?

The manager subconsciously looked up when he heard about Transformation Strategy. He became absent-minded for a long time before sighing. “There’s no rootless flower today. Come and get it tomorrow.”

Meng Qi smiled with satisfaction. He went out and constantly changed his routes until he reached a secluded place where he took off his bamboo hat and put on his frock.

Back at the temple, he found Four Meritocrats in the South of Yangtze River were surrounded by more Jianghu people who seemed to be all friends. They were having a good chat with one another.

“Who’s that monk?”

“An ordinary lone monk.”

“Oh. No wonder he’s so young.”

After a short conversation, they quickly returned to their own topic. Meng Qi continued his meditation.

As they were chatting, they noticed an imposing man coming in. The man was probably in his early thirties, with thick eyebrows and commendable looks.

The man politely cupped his fist before his chest and asked, “Is Master Zhen Ding staying here?”

Ning Daogu intuitively thought the man was not ordinary and walked towards him with a laugh. “We’ve only arrived today and have no idea who Master Zhen Ding is. Do you mind telling me your name so we can invite the reception monk for you?”

“Mu Hengtian,” the man said briefly.

Yue Shishi’s expression changed and she said with pleasant surprise, “Are you the little master of the Eighteen Water Routes in the south?”

What? People present gasped in shock. The Eighteen Water Routes in the South is one of the top powers in the world. The head of the organization, Mu Shan, was also one of the first-class Kung Fu masters, as well as Castellan Cui’s sworn brother.

Mu Hengtian had gained considerable reputation since his youth. It was said that his Kung Fu had exceeded his father’s and he was expected to be a master in the future. He was absolutely not at the level of the so-called Four Meritocrats in the South of Yangtze River.

“The Eighteen Water Routes only has the head of the organization. There’s no such thing as a little master,” Mu Hengtian said with a stern expression.

“Yes, you’re absolutely right,” Ji Xin said fawningly, with those around her echoing in agreement.

Just then, Mu Hengtian noticed the reception monk enter the yard and hurried over to ask for Zhen Ding’s location.

The reception monk pointed at Meng Qi’s room. “Master Zhen Ding has just returned.”

What? The ordinary monk was the Master Zhen Ding that little master Mu was looking for? Ning Daogu and the others were all stunned.

Taking a deep breath, Mu Hengtian went to Meng Qi’s room. He saluted and said, “Master Zhen Ding, I’m Mu Hengtian. I’m here to avenge the disgrace my father suffered. Please fight with me.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70: Human Name and Tree Shadow
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Ji Xin, Yue Shishi, and the others all looked at the closed door in disbelief, wondering if they had any hearing illusions.

Mu Shan, the head of the south 18 waterways, a grandmaster in the world, the sworn brother of the Master, and a powerful man under 60, was humiliated by a little monk who was no more than 16!?

It was so shocking!

Even if he had begun practicing Kung Fu since before he was born, his reputation of years of Mu Shan’s bladesmanship is well earned!

“Is it because of another issue?” They guessed unconsciously.

In the room, Meng Qi twitched his lips after hearing what Mu Hengtian said.“What is it now? I beat down the old, and then the young come?”

Actually, he knew there were personal animosities in Jianghu. “I have ‘completely’ won against Mu Shan, making him disgraced, and naturally, his filial son and disciples will come and challenge me for revenge.”

“This is what Jianghu really is…” Meng Qi sighed to himself. Then he peacefully said, “Donor Mu and I just shared and learned some moves with each other and I just narrowly won. How could it be his disgrace? Please leave, little donor Mu.”

The plain words were just like thunder as Gu Daoning, Nie Yao, and other people were listening, shocking them out of their wits. “This young monk should really defeat Mu Shan? This is incredible!”

Is it that he carries his age well and thus feels rejuvenated? Or has he had some mysterious encounter and was empowered with massive strength?

If it is the latter, thinking of myself, what have I done all of these years?

Mu Hengtian still had one hand cupped in the other in front of his chest. “Since that day, my father has been depressed. He keeps sighing and saying that Master’s bladesmanship can equal that of the immortals, which surpasses nature. And he even says that he has wasted half of his life. I can’t bear to see my father like this, so I must come to challenge you, though I know it’s not a serious fight. Master, please agree to it.”

While trying to refuse, Meng Qi suddenly recalled one thing. “Now I don’t have any fame, so many things are hard to do and nobody will listen to me.” Then he sighed and said, “Little donor Mu is truly filial. Then I agree to your challenge. I will give you five chances to attack me with your blade. If you can force me off my hassock, then I lose.”

“How big-headed he is!” This was the first thought that arose in Yue Shishi, Nie Yao, and others’ minds. “He wants to withstand five attacks from Mu Hengtian sitting still without moving!”

Mu Hengtian was a figure comparable to a grandmaster, who now was only second to You Tongguang, Cui Jinhua, and Ennea Monkey. And he was better than his father Mu Shan. So besides a grandmaster, who could manage this challenge?

Mu Hengtian knew what happened that day, and he also understood Master Zhen Ding had the actual strength to say it. He took out his long blade and gave a respectful bow. “Please give me instructions, master.”

After the words, he pushed open the door of the meditation room and came in with his blade.

Yue Shishi, Ning Daogu, and a few dozen other people were all staring inside wide-eyed. But the door of the meditation room was small, and Mu Hengtian was jumping, blocking their view. So they could only see the glint and flash of the blade, and they heard five clangs. They then saw Mu Hengtian walk out with a palest face. He walked to the door and turned back to give a bow. Then he bitterly said,

“Master, your bladesmanship can surely equal the immortals. I was so arrogant.”

“Amitabha. Bladesmanship is a mere worldly possession. Donor Mu, you don’t need to take this too hard.”

The voice was not loud, spreading out from the meditation room. But to Ning Daogu, Ji Xin, and the other people who had seen this fight, it was as if from a master of masters. And that little monk sitting on the hassock with his legs crossed was as if out of the secular world.

Mu Hengtian heaved a deep sigh. “Thanks for master’s instructions. Today I have learned that there’s always someone stronger than you, no matter how strong you are.”

After finishing the words, he turned back and left full of disappointment. Within a few steps, he changed his mood to what it was originally, without any fluctuations on his face.

“Alas. Silly man.” Ning Daogu and the others heard a slight sigh, making them spontaneously feel an unexplainable emotion. They blankly stared at the monk in the gray robe, who was chanting with his head bowed.

Meng Qi, who was trying hard pretending to be an eminent monk, was quite satisfied with his performance just now. “The image of a master has been established, but the only problem is that I haven’t reached Enlightenment, thus I’m not able to use the palm wind or the finger wind. Otherwise, I’ll wave my robe and the door will slowly close, gradually covering me with chanting inside. How cool it is!”

Meng Qi knew that he loved to show off, pretending to be a master and acting cool, and he was not ashamed of it. “It is not a big deal if I’m not always like this and it doesn’t affect my business. Who doesn’t have a hobby?”

Alas. Right now, it’ll damage my image of a master if I either jumped down to close the door or asked the people outside to do it.

Meng Qi just ignored it and directly closed his eyes to harmonize Qi-circulation.

After a while, the reception monk slowly walked over and closed the door. Ning Daogu and other people also gradually composed themselves. Looking at one another, they all noticed the amazement unconcealed in each other’s eyes.

Such a strong figure like Mu Hengtian could even not force Master Zhen Ding to stand up or to move within five attacks. His bladesmanship was truly terrifying! The saying of equaling the immortals was really not an exaggeration?

This big news that could shake the entire Jianghu made them uneasy. A moment later they all went out to brag that they had just experienced a big event which could be recorded in Jianghu history. Only Ning Daogu and Yue Shishi, two of the Four Meritocrats in the South of the Yangtze River, stayed in the yard. They seemed to be waiting for Master Zhen Ding to finish his meditation so they could talk to him and receive some instructions.

The blade and sword were totally distinct from each other, but they would eventually unite in one road, where there was always some connection between them.

After quietly estimating the time, Meng Qi opened the door and walked out.

“Master Zhen Ding, I was too blind to mistake you for a normal monk just now.” Ning Daogu did not hide his purpose but said it out loud in order to be closer to Meng Qi.

Meng Qi himself was not good at the sword, thus he did not have a favorable impression of these people wearing long swords. He bowed and said with a smile, “It doesn’t matter. We monks won’t seek undeserved reputations.”

I’ve never regarded myself as a monk though.

“Master is indeed an eminent monk.” Though it was weird to say it to a young monk, Ji Xin still flattered him with a smile.

Seeing the Buddhist Commandment Blade by Meng Qi’s waist, Yue Shishi curiously asked, “I don’t know which sect you are from, master. Your bladesmanship is so great that it equals the immortals.”

“I learned the Wild Fox Dhyana, gaining a mysterious encounter by accident.” Meng Qi said it on purpose, letting them spread this around.

“Mysterious encounter…” Yue Shishi and Nie Yao’s eyes both lit up, as if dreaming that they could have a mysterious encounter one day.

Though not obvious, it could be seen from their looks that Ning Daogu and Ji Xin also had similar thoughts.

Having talked for a while, as they rejoiced in making friends with a real master, Meng Qi said seriously, “I enjoy quietness. Later on, if there are other challenges, please just say I’m not here. Haha, tonight I won’t be here. I will go out and visit my friend.”

“I understand,” Ning Daogu answered with all smiles. “It’s a great privilege to help a master like Master Zhen Ding.”

At night, the news had gotten around. All people in Jianghu, and normal people who liked Jianghu hearsay in Destiny City, knew that a teenaged Master Zhen Ding, who was young but had excellent Kung Fu, easily withstood five blade attacks from Mu Hengtian without a single move.

Suddenly, numerous public figures in Jianghu came to the ruined temple, trying to challenge him. Master Zhen Ding was a monk, thus he would not kill anybody. It was most safe to challenge him, and if they lost to him, no one would laugh at them for being beaten by a big figure. And if they won, they would become famous immediately and be a person not too much worse than a grandmaster!

But thanks to Meng Qi’s bidding earlier, Ning Daogu, Yue Shishi, and the other two Meritocrats in the South of the Yangtze River held them back with the excuse that he was not there.

Meng Qi continued to keep watch on You’s Mansion, at the same time watching the night activities on the fringe of the Castellan Mansion. At noon of the second day, he disguised himself and again went to Locust Tree Street.

A wooden board was hung up outside of Cicada Hall, which had written on it: “Carefree Ointment on Sale Today”. Seeing this, Meng Qi nodded slightly and entered through the door.

The shopkeeper took a look at Meng Qi with his eyes shining. “I have connected with an Animal God, who has agreed. Please show your identity and give me the first several chapters of Transformation Strategy as a deposit.”

“Show my identity?” Meng Qi deliberately asked. He felt relief in his heart. It could not be Ennea Monkey that he would be contacting with.

The shopkeeper said with an aged voice, “Quite a few people set traps against Animal Gods through the mission. How can we get revenge after this happens if we don’t know the guest’s identity? And if the guest repudiates the debt later, we also know who we should ask for the payment. Relax, we won’t leak the guests’ information.”

He was quite frank when talking about revenge.

“Very well, OK.” Meng Qi was already prepared. He slowly nodded and agreed, walking with the shopkeeper into the wing room behind.

Taking off his bamboo hat, Meng Qi directly said, “I’m Zhen Ding.”

“Well, you’re Master Zhen Ding. Haha, no wonder you have great Kung Fu at such a young age. And no wonder you are against the You family.” The old shopkeeper was suddenly enlightened. Obviously, he mistook Meng Qi, who took out the Transformation Strategy, for the inheritor of the Snow God Palace.

He did not know the name of Master Zhen Ding until last night. At first, he even did not believe this young monk could defeat Mu Hengtian.

Human name and tree shadow, the old shopkeeper did not doubt Meng Qi’s identity anymore. He took the first part of the Transformation Strategy, which Meng Qi had already made a copy of and studied.

“You Hongbo will be brought to you within three days, by then please hand over the rest of the parts.” The old shopkeeper stood up and showed his guest out, asking Meng Qi no question such as: “Why do you ask the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods for help while you have enough strength?”.

Meng Qi left immediately. He did not want to interrogate the shopkeeper, who surely knew nothing about the key secrets as a liaison, and it might easily alert the enemies.

And the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods acted mysteriously; they contacted each other mostly by secret signs, which were hard to trace. And he would not gain too much even if he kept an eye on the shopkeeper all the time. If it was really so easy to find the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods, then this organization would have been destroyed a long time ago.

Out of Locust Tree Street, Meng Qi saw the main street crowded with people, all of whom were wearing a blade or sword. He looked at the sky, where the dark clouds overhung. The atmosphere was oppressive, and a big rain was coming.

“I don’t know how many events will happen in the next few days…” Meng Qi sighed in his heart.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71: Poor Childe You
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Meng Qi returned to the temple when the day was getting dark. He discovered a mess inside. Dirty footprints were everywhere.

Ning Daogu and others were sitting around a stone table. Surprised and excited, they stood up to greet him. “Master Zhen Ding, you are back!”

Meng Qi had changed back into his gray frock. With smiling eyes, he said, “Amitabha, my Buddha. You donors must have had a trying day.”

He need not have asked, for the mess in the yard told that myriad people had come to challenge him. But they were stopped by Ning Daogu and others.

“No problem. We wish we could help more,” they replied.

Meng Qi smiled. “We Buddhists believe in the theory of Karma. If I am to be invited to watch the Spar Between grandmasters, I would love to invite you as my company, if you don’t mind.”

“Really?” exclaimed the elated young girls, Yue Shishi and Nie Yao. If they watched the Spar Between grandmasters, even if they could hardly learn much, it would still be an honorable experience that they could flaunt among friends.

Ning Daogu and Ji Xin were quicker to calm down. They gave a deferential salute. “Thank you so much, Master.”

Meng Qi nodded slightly, and then he walked into his meditation room. He could still hear the exultant chirping of the four youngsters.

“Alas, why haven’t I had such a youth, adventuring in Jianghu…” Meng Qi sighed, affecting a blasé tone. He took a Buddhist sitting posture on a hassock, and began to scrutinize over the events that he had gone through and the threads that he discovered recently.

Although he knew that the major task was to “monitor” You Hongbo and wait for another Animal God to show up in his trap, he was in no hurry. For after the Buddha statuette was stolen by Ennea Monkey, You’s Mansion was on high alert. You Hongbo was almost reclusive and was often accompanied by You Tongguang for fear of accidents. So Meng Qi reckoned that if they did not come up with a prudent plan, unless Quint Dragon did not take the job personally, You Hongbo was unlikely to be kidnapped in a short time.

And Meng Qi deemed that if it were him to take away You Hongbo, the best time would be tomorrow night. The theft of the statuette would distract everyone, at which time You Hong would be easy to abduct clandestinely.

Of course, this was Meng Qi’s own speculation. Ghosts knew what the Animal Gods were thinking. Therefore from this evening on, he had to keep an eye on You Hongbo, until the Animal Gods had shown up or the last key moment had come.

“The shadow that night, according to Frost Herald, may be a master who has cultivated Transformation Strategy , or a progenitor who concentrated the Primal Aperture at Mid-brows and opened the Secret Chamber of Spirit. The first chapter of Transformation Strategy testified that this magic art is indeed a Kung Fu to cultivate Primal Aperture, thus Frost Herald didn’t lie, unless he was powerful enough to know another supreme art which also cultivates Primal Aperture. But given his current strength, it is virtually impossible.”

Meng Qi started scrutinizing over which of his words were believable and which were lies that needed to be analyzed. “If he didn’t lie, why hadn’t he mentioned Fei Zhengqing, and told me only of Transformation Strategy ? Perhaps he did not know the function of the Secret Chamber of Spirit, which is very unlikely. He might be a henchman of Cui Xu.

“That is to say, Fei Zhengqing has deliberately covered up the activity of a grandmaster, who has opened the Secret Chamber of Spirit. And the person, whose Chamber was opened and worth being covered, could only be…”

Meng Qi squinted his eyes and stared at the white window paper. A name, Cui Xu, was reverberating in his mind.

Hereditary Castellan, genius swordsman, grandmaster of a righteous sect—these are the halos around Cui Xu. In terms of authority, or wealth, or Kung Fu, he virtually all reached the ceiling for a mortal.

Meng Qi knew more about him: He had married a childhood girlfriend, who had died in his middle age; he had a daughter and a son and many sworn brothers; he had joined few contests in the last five years, consigning all the affairs of Destiny City to his son, Cui Jinhua.

“Besides, the assassin had only killed Jin Ancheng. Fei Zhengqing had lost the ability to fight and he clearly knew more secrets, yet he left him untouched. The assassin was also able to pierce into my Golden Bell Shield… Yet, Cui Xu was supposed to have no more need for power, money, or martial arts. Why should he abduct Duan Mingcheng and antagonize Duan Xiangfei?”

If it was not him who took Duan Mingcheng, Meng Qi could not think of other reasons why he would have Jin Ancheng killed. Doing what he could to kill “Ennea Monkey” would be enough.

“What about the treasure of the Snow God Palace? But why does he want this? Maybe he wants the martial scriptures and cultivation experiences for the Three Secret Chambers, and to become even stronger, to break through the ceiling between mortals and gods?”

Meng Qi pondered over the “criminal motives”. It sounded plausible that Cui Xu would be behind all of this.

“Perhaps he had learned about treasure from You Tongguang, and thus targeted Duan Mingcheng for his map. Duan was also trying to contact the Snow God Palace. It would be a good strategy to wait for their meet-up and wipe them all out for good.”

Aside from whether his motive was strong enough or not, Meng Qi felt more and surer of this.

“The Treasure Map of Duan Mingcheng now probably belongs to Cui Xu. If the Venerable of the Snow God Palace had succumbed to the torture, he probably had surrendered his map as well. Zhang Zongxian and his wife had given the Treasure Map to Cui Jinxiu for fear of the Twelve Animal Gods, and the girl must have turned it in to her father. The Map of You Tongguang, the last one, might also have been given to Cui Xu. He probably has all of the four Maps already…” Meng Qi was terrified after this reasoning.

But there were still many questions. For example, why Fei Zhengqing left through the tunnel in the late night, and Cui Xu, the Castellan, happened to be there also… The most dubious point was by whom were Frost Herald and others of the Snow God Palace slain.

The person who killed them was also adept at sword. He was also respected by them, and seemed to be a senior in the Snow God Palace and unlikely to be Cui Xu. What made this guy kill his subordinates?

If he just wanted to use Frost Herald to make me suspect Cui Xu instead, he could have just left after giving an order. Why did he have to kill them?

“Besides, this guy knew well of my whereabouts and took actions after I had left. He was able to follow me without being noticed. Probably he could be the Lord of the Snow God Palace?” Meng Qi was suddenly shocked and felt scared. “What end does he have? To disclose the secret of Cui Xu and force him to surrender the Treasure Maps? But why he needed to kill…”

Partly illuminated and partly confused, Meng Qi had cleared his thoughts. “Anyway, the main task comes first. I have to keep watching Cui Xu, and You Tongguang could be the breakthrough point.”

…

Wu Fengyu sneaked through the alley. Only the night without light could bring him some sense of security.

Having failed the assassination task, he was worried about the disclosure of his identity and the revenge of You Hongbo. So he excused himself and hid away for the time being.

“Who is the martial master behind him? Why did he just warn me without killing me for good?” This question had been dwelling in Wu Fengyu’s mind, depriving him of appetite and sleep.

“Slap!” An acute pain came from behind his head. Wu Fengyu passed out with indignation.

“Again?!”

That was the last thought before he fell into a coma.

…

Hiding in the shadows on the roof of a house near the You Mansion, Meng Qi continued watching over the things that were happening inside of the Mansion. But this time he did not focus on You Tongguang, but shifted to You Hongbo, who had blown out the candles and gone to sleep in the east wing room.

Just when Meng Qi thought that this night was going to be a silent night, a man dressed as an escort accompanied by his subordinates quickly entered the yard where You Hongbo was residing.

From a distance, Meng Qi could not hear what they were talking about, but he saw that You Hongbo had waved his hands with excitement, grabbed his long sword, and gone out with the escort.

“They went out late in the night despite the danger, so there must be something weird that happened, either a trick of the Animal Gods or the secret of the You Mansion…” Meng Qi was excited and followed up carefully. No matter whose trick it was, he would be very happy to see it.

…

With a long sword gripped in his right hand, You Hongbo clenched his teeth and followed the escort, his face twisted with hatred, seeming ready to find someone and chop him into pieces.

After all, he was the favorite son of You Tongguang. He did not say much and generally inhibited his emotions.

“He is here?” seeing the yellow wall and black tile before him, You Tongguang asked with consternation and fear.

“Childe, Wu Fengyu was hiding here exactly, in Dabei Temple. Damn, the traitor must be challenging us with the frightening name of the God of Sword in White,” the escort answered emotionally.

You Hongbo looked at him coldly. “Zhu Mingyuan, you know that the Sword God in White is here, and you still encourage me to enter and capture Wu Fengyu?”

If the consigned stuff this time was not of great importance, he would not have needed to come personally. Any escort master would have sufficed.

“Childe, it will be alright. If Wu Fengyu can hide here, so can we. As long as we don’t get too close to the yard where the Sword God in White abides, it will be totally safe. Two days ago, two gangs of rogues fought inside, but the God of Sword in White was not disturbed,” Zhu Mingyuan explained hurriedly.

You Hongbo was sure of his identity, reckoning that even if the God of Sword in White was disturbed, he would be given a lesson at most and would not be killed. It was important that he gained back the good impression of his father. Therefore, he nodded slowly. “Fine. Let’s go.”

Having climbed over the yellow wall, they prowled toward the yard where Wu Fengyu was hiding.

Having searched around the yard, You Hongbo was still careful, but he found no breath inside the house. “Shit, nobody is in!”

“He, he was there…” Zhu Mingyuan was surprised also.

You Hongbo frowned and pushed the door open. He ignited a match but suddenly his hand jerked, almost dropping the match to the ground.

Wu Fengyu was lying on the bed silently. His eyes were roundly opened, rendering an endless and unspeakable fear. He was already dead.

“Hooh!” A gust of wind went in, shutting the door closed. A dark shadow suddenly flashed over. Its hands, quick as lightning, blocked the major acupoint of the astounded You Hongbo.

Perhaps You Hongbo was not as incompetent in Kung Fu as the shadow. But he was too well-fed and lacking in the experience of practice. He was petrified by the scene, off guard, and easily sneak-attacked.

Staring at the shadow in fear, he recognized a woman with a slender body. She was dressed in night clothes and wearing a cute white rabbit mask.

“Hare?” He wanted to cry for help, but only this name came out of his mouth. The black eyes under the mask were gazing gravely at his throat.

“Third Childe of You, don’t worry. You are just wanted as a hostage. As long as you behave well, you will have your life spared.” The Hare chuckled, her voice was also deliberately husky.

“You didn’t strike my aphonic acupoint. What do you want me to answer?” You were always a smart person, but he lacked experience. Zhu Mingyuan was already knocked down on the ground.

The Hare squinted at him and giggled. “This is out of my expectation. Since you are in my hands, I would like you to tell something about the Treasure Map.”

“Who’s there?” She looked out of the window alertly.

The window was opened with a rusty sound. A smiling monkey head appeared before them.

“Ennea Monkey?” the two people exclaimed with surprise simultaneously.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72: The Strength of Onlookers
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Worried about being discovered by Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods, Meng Qi watched over You Hongbo from afar. It was only when he saw the door was closed that he was assured that they had come. Then he rushed towards the house as quickly as he could.

He gracefully jumped into the room and closed the windows in a deliberately slow manner. He waited for the Hare to speak first, in case there was etiquette for greetings between the Twelve Animal Gods that he did not know of.

Seeing Ennea Monkey come as easily as he had returned to his own home, You Hongbo was furious and full of hatred. He thought himself to be clever, yet he never expected to be so easily spotted by both Hare and Ennea Monkey. He was simply in panic over the loss of his consignment and momentarily let down his guard.

“What are you doing here?” The Hare was the first to speak out of surprise.

Meng Qi chuckled. “I’m taking him to exchange for the white jade joss. Of course I can’t take it away on my own if dozens of masters are watching.”

He had made up this excuse for long, but he was cursing internally. If he had peerless skills, it would be easy for him to take the joss even if the room was filled with masters.

“Why you are stealing it so openly?” The Hare did not suspect his identity, but asked about the burglary.

“It’s a task I undertook recently. I have to do it this way,” Meng Qi answered vaguely.

It was inconvenient for The Hare to inquire about another person’s task so she nodded. “Mine is kidnapping You Hongbo. Don’t you fight me on this.”

“No problem. As long as You Hongbo is missing, You Tongguang will surrender the joss to me,” Meng Qi answered casually. His eyes were suddenly focused at the closed windows and he said gravely, “Sword God in White… ”

The Hare was surprised and turned her ears to listen, but she saw Ennea Monkey flashing towards her like a phantom, his finger pointed at her major acupoint.

It was too late to defend herself. She had to counterattack instead of dodging him. She reached out her fingers towards Meng Qi’s chest.

The Hare’s specialty was her hand attacks. She did not believe that her acupointing skill was weaker than Ennea Monkey’s, who was strong only in bladesmanship.

Her move was indeed faster than Meng Qi. With a flash of her ebony fingernails, she struck Meng Qi at some major acupoints on his chest.

But a golden flow of Qi flushed over through Meng Qi’s meridians. The Hare felt both her hands were jabbed into something hard. The pain was unbearable. Her chest became numb with several finger strikes and her whole body was frozen.

Meng Qi was gasping for breath. He still felt numb in his chest, for The Hare’s acupoint-sealing skill was quite strange. It had perforated slightly into his Golden Bell Shield and affected his Qi circulation. If he did not avert her attack from his Mid-chest Acupoint, it could end up being a lose-lose situation.

“Looks like I should never underestimate my opponent and behave in such a rough manner… ” Meng Qi summarized.

He was aware that he had little knowledge of Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods. If he said something wrong, he would be suspected. So he never intended to pry anything out of The Hare. He planned to seize her and extort secrets or details about the other Animal Gods from her. He would only be able to blend in with the group and complete his side quest this way.

“What do you want?” The Hare asked in fear.

Meng Qi did not reply. He sealed her and You Hongbo’s aphonic acupoints and brought them outside.

This was not the ideal place to do his interrogation.

He had barely stepped into the yard when he stopped abruptly, wearing a grave expression behind the grinning monkey mask.

The falling leaves swirled down from the Wutong tree in the courtyard. The figure’s robe was as pale as snow. The shining reflection off his long sword drew everyone’s attention.

The swordsman was slender and tall, with dark brows and a tall nose. His white garb was immaculate. Underneath his coldness was a hint of decisiveness.

His face was distinctively handsome, yet people would only notice the deep and sharp stare of his black eyes.

It was him! Sword God in White, Luo Qing!

Meng Qi thought of this name reluctantly. Did he jinx it without his previous trick? Sword God in White was really here!

Luo Qing stared at Meng Qi and said coldly, “You Twelve Animal Gods are all guilty of the most terrible crimes. I’ll exterminate you.”

He raised his sword and said placidly, “Unsheathe your blade.”

Should Meng Qi tell him that he was not Ennea Monkey… Meng Qi had no idea which side Luo Qing stood and decided not to expose himself. He left The Hare and You Hongbo and drew out his Buddhist Commandment Blade, imbedding his inner energy into the blade. The Pearflower Storm Needles was in his left hand.

When Luo Qing thrust his long sword, all sheen in the yard seemed drawn to it. The glaring sword shine emanated coldness.

The sword shine seemed to occupy all of Meng Qi’s sight. Light beams came from every direction, overwhelmingly and unstoppably.

The power of just one sword move! How formidable!

Meng Qi found all his senses affected, but this consciousness did nothing for him. He could not tell where Luo Qing’s real sword was coming from. Even if he put up a tough defense, it would be full of defects due to his tampered senses.

Luo Qing might also have opened the Secret Chamber of Spirit. No wonder he dared to challenge Cui Xu as a relatively young grandmaster!

Yet he was even scarier than Cui Xu. He had not transformed his body, but his innumerable swords were capable of producing mirages! Meng Qi’s Needles could only target at one direction. He simply could not rival him!

Meng Qi closed his eyes, withdrew from listening, and ignored the sensation on his skin. The world suddenly quieted. He felt like he was reciting mantras in the Buddhist hall, forgetting himself in Dhyana, and living a life with only the morning bell and the evening drum.

In the next second, a long blade flew up. The temple collapsed, clamor resumed, and the bell and drum were broken!

Meng Qi struck with his blade without concealing anything, having magically understood the source of Luo Qing’s strikes.

Luo Qing seemed somewhat dazed, as if he was disturbed by the intent of Meng Qi’s blade move. His long sword slowed down.

Just when Meng Qi’s Peace Quietude Split was going to fall upon Luo Qing, some eight people jumped into the yard. Some were barehanded, while others carried long staff or other weapons. But they all wore animal masks, such as rat, tiger, bull, snake, and the like.

Twelve Zodiac Animal Gods?

Surprised, Meng Qi withdrew his Peace Quietude Split. These Animal Gods targeted Luo Qing instead of him. They wanted to take advantage of Luo Qing’s trance, storming over with their swords, blades, staffs, and their killing intents.

Luo Qing waved his long sword and warded off their attacks. Most of their weapons fell upon shadows, but Primus Rat, with his palms walloping around, managed to move close to Luo Qing.

Luo Qing’s expression did not change. He plunged his sword and prodded Primus Rat’s palms with his sword hilt.

Did they use Meng Qi to assassinate Luo Qing?

Meng Qi felt fortunate that he did not finish his Peace Quietude Split move or he would have exposed his trump move. But he would be facing a worse predicament later, that his power would be drained before he could deal with those atrocious Animal Gods.

There was a massacre going on here and there might be ambushes waiting outside. Meng Qi did not want to be stuck in such chaos. He grabbed You Hongbo and fled.

He had no idea know what flaws he exposed, but the fact was the Animal Gods had long identified him as an imposter. Thus, they set up this trap and used You Hongbo to lure him to a duel with Luo Qing. At the crucial moment, they charged in to try and end Luo Qing.

Therefore, it did not matter whether he took The Hare with him.

The Animal Gods were still dealing with the God of Sword, so no one stopped Meng Qi from leaving. Only The Hare stood up slowly and watched him from behind.

Her acupoints were actually not sealed!

“Your acupointing sucks. I just wanted to play a trick… ” She clenched her teeth. But she knew she was not Meng Qi’s match, so she did not follow him.

Far away from Dabei Temple and after encircling the city several times, Meng Qi finally slowed down. He had many questions in his mind.

“How did they find out I’m an impostor?”

“Why are they so sure I’m capable of weakening Luo Qing without first being killed?”

“They’re actually atrocious enough to murder a grandmaster… ”

…

The next night, Meng Qi sneaked back into You’s Mansion and took a look around. There were so many people that there was not even room to stand!

Many kungfu practitioners came to watch Ennea Monkey’s burglary. This event was something worth boasting about and if they were lucky, they might even arrest Ennea Monkey.

“Master Zhen Ding, come here! Here!” It was Yue Shishi’s voice coming from above. Meng Qi looked up and found the four youngsters hiding on the beam by the eaves.

“Master Zhen Ding, there’s no other place to sit,” Ning Daogu said.

Meng Qi’s mouth twitched. Was this a concert arena or the headquarters of Jianghu thugs?

Climbing on the beam, Meng Qi looked at You’s Mansion from afar and asked, “Ennea Monkey isn’t here yet?”

“Nope. I heard Living God of Wealth and a score of masters have enclosed the joss. No one could steal it away,” Nie Yao answered, repeating what she was told.

…

The white jade joss sat atop a square table in a hall within You’s Mansion. 20 masters, including You Tongguang, surrounded the table. Birds cannot fly in; insects cannot climb in.

“Old You, why are you so worried? Even if a grandmaster came, he has to take it by force. How can Ennea Monkey be a grandmaster?” said an old senator dressed in a fortune frock, smiling.

You Tongguang sighed. “I can’t seem to rest easy.”

A loud rumble came from afar before his voice even faded away. The whole house was trembling.

“Sky Fulminator of the Thunderbolt Hall?” an old man exclaimed.

“Be careful! It could be Ennea Monkey’s trick!” You Tongguang reminded others loudly. Everyone turned their backs against the table and guarded their positions. Some were watching over the doors and windows, some the ceiling and roof.

All of a sudden, someone yelled from afar.

“Third Young Master is kidnapped!”

“Third Young Master is kidnapped!”

You Tongguang’s expression changed. “Please hold your positions. I’m going to find my son.”

The white jade joss was certainly far less valuable than his son!

No one objected. They started to guess whether the true target was You Tongguang’s son. The joss may only be a distraction.

While they were guessing, You Tongguang had long left. They continued their watch.

After a while, the hustle and bustle gradually subsided. You Tongguang returned with an enervated You Hongbo. His expression froze the moment he stepped in, his eyes staring at the table behind the guarding masters.

“Old You, what happened?” someone asked.

You Tongguang pointed at the table. “The joss is stolen… ”

The masters turned their head, surprised. The joss was no longer on the table. There was only a piece of paper.

“Thank you for the gift. I couldn’t be more grateful. Best regards, Ennea Monkey.”

Someone read what was written on the paper in bewilderment.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73: Mutual Deception
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Your kind offerings have been duly noted. Thank you so much. Yours, Ennea Monkey.”

The 20 skilled masters became confused and embarrassed upon hearing these words read out loud. The atmosphere in the hall was frozen and silent.

Ennea Monkey had mysteriously stolen the white jade joss under everyone’s eyes and while surrounded by people. It was unbelievable and shocking.

They had to admit the truth even when it was unbelievable. Their faces turned red and green. Some of their hands were trembling; others were grinding their teeth.

“How could it be?” someone cried.

“There must be a mole! Someone told him.” A robe-wearing elder stared angrily at the rest.

Unless Ennea Monkey had become a Buddhist God, that was the only explanation!

The crowd was about to argue when You Tongguang sighed and said, “You’re all my friends. There’s no need to fight over this. The white jade joss is nothing but an object.”

“Old You, say no more. All of our reputation is on the line. The white jade joss might be small, but it’s still easily found if someone carried it away. I suggest you frisk everyone.”

To prove their innocence, everyone agreed. After rummaging around, the white jade joss was not found anywhere, not even on You Tongguang himself.

The atmosphere in the hall became embarrassingly silent.

…

When the people heard the crash, everyone became excited and thrilled in their hiding places around You’s Mansion. They peeped from the window and searched for a shadow running into the night.

Watched this jollification, Meng Qi thought to himself the crowd really looked as if they were waiting for the arrival of a superstar.

The noisy crowd calmed down after a moment. The night became dark and silent.

“Did Ennea Monkey retreat because of the difficulty?” Nie Yao became disappointed. She thought she could watch the competition between Ennea Monkey and the other twelve masters. When that happened, she would lend a hand in killing Ennea Monkey.

“The white jade joss was surrounded by twelve masters. Even a grandmaster would be hard-pressed to steal it, let alone Ennea Monkey. He must have held back out of fear of losing his reputation,” Ji Xin said, disappointed yet excited.

Ning Daogu and Yue Shishi shared the expression. They clearly felt the same way, but then they remembered the skilled master beside them. They turned to him and asked sincerely, “Master Zhen Ding, what do you think?”

“My opinion?” Meng Qi laughed. “I guess Ennea Monkey has confidence in stealing the white jade joss. Otherwise, there’s no need for him to provoke Donor You.”

“I think Ennea Monkey has a different aim. Stealing the white jade joss is just a cover. Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods are known for being cruel and merciless. Losing reputation would hardly affect him.”

“Yes. If Ennea Monkey does as you said and achieves his goal, people in Jianghu will fear him instead of laughing at him.” Yue Shishi and Nie Yao nodded at the same time.

A small noise came from the front as they talked, louder and louder by the minute, spreading around quickly.

“Ennea Monkey stole the white jade joss!”

“Ennea Monkey silently stole the white jade joss!”

The surprising sound couldn’t be suppressed and went into Ning Daogu, Yue Shishi, and other people’s ears. Ning Daogu and Yue Shishi were shocked and couldn’t remember themselves.

“How could it happen? The white jade joss was surrounded by twelve masters. Even mosquitoes would find it difficult to fly in.”

“Did he defeat the twelve masters directly?”

“If he really defeats them, I would consider Ennea Monkey a grandmaster at most. But silently? It’s unimaginable! He seems to be a ghost. ”

Soon, they came to their senses and talked about it excitedly with surprise and confusion. They thought the wait was well worth it. Ennea Monkey was really mysterious and horrible.

Meng Qi heard the conversations around him and a small smile appeared on his face.

…

Half a day ago, in the forest around Dabei Temple.

“This is the treasure map. Where’s my son?” You Tongguang lost his gentle smile and his head was low that water could trickle down his face.

“He’s safe now. After I make sure it’s the real map, I’ll tell you his location and you can pick him up.” Meng Qi was still wearing his smiling monkey mask.

He had been searching for information all day today. No one knew what happened in Dabei Temple last night. It seemed to be a hallucination that Sword God in White was fighting the eight Animal Gods. There was no news about the injuries of Sword God in White or the death of Animal Gods.

“We’ll exchange the map and my son at the same time.” You Tongguang’s gaze was frigid and intense.

Meng Qi said in relief, “There are four treasure maps and I don’t know when I’ll be able to collect them all. I’m just giving it a go and I don’t care if I can’t get them. However, Mr. You, you have three children. The youngest one is your favorite and the one you pin the highest hope on. I can give up treasure maps, but can you abandon You Hongbo?”

“You!” You Tongguang shouted in anger.

With his hoarse voice, Meng Qi laughed. “You have no choice but to follow my rules.”

“If there’s anything happened to my son, I’ll kill you even if I have to spend every dime I have.” You Tongguang ground his teeth and threw the treasure map to Meng Qi.

Catching the map, Meng Qi found that it was not an old map and guessed it was a mere copy. After giving it a look over, he asked, “You’ve already given the original to Cui Xu?”

“Yes. This is a copy.” You Tongguang did not conceal the truth.

“I’ll trust you this time. If I find out this map is fake, I’ll kill your family even if I can’t defeat you. Unless they don’t leave their home anymore, they definitely won’t be able to escape me. Even if they can avoid death one or two times, they can’t avoid it forever.”

You Tongguang snorted. “I won’t bet on my son’s life. Can you tell me his location now?”

“Calm down. I need to ask you few questions.” Meng Qi laughed.

“Didn’t you just ask for the treasure map?” You Tongguang was mad.

Meng Qi snorted, faking a cold and stern look as he said, “I told you, you can only follow my rules.”

You Tongguang closed his fist and blue veins were showing on his skin. He calmed down later and said, “Go ahead and ask.”

Meng Qi raised his voice. “Where did Cui Xu lock up Duan Mingcheng?”

You Tongguang set back and looked at Meng Qi in surprise and fright. “W-Where did you hear this rumor?”

“I’m very sure it’s true. I just want to know where Duan Mingcheng is now,” said Meng Qi calmly.

“Ridiculous! How could it be!” You Tongguang smiled coldly.

Meng Qi laughed in his hoarse voice. “Mr. You, do you have any idea why I know you’re the descendant of Snow God Palace Guardians and that you have the treasure maps?”

“Didn’t you hear from the Snow God Palace traitor?” You Tongguang called the people of Snow God Palace traitors, showing zero respect.

Meng Qi laughed. “No, it was Fei Zhengqing who told me that. I just wanted to make clear where Duan Mingcheng is now. Fei Zhengqing deliberately drove my attention to Snow God Palace. He specifically mentioned that you could be the traitor and you keep in touch with those from Snow God Palace through letters.”

“Letters? Damn you, Fei Zhengqing!” You Tongguang believed Meng Qi once he heard about the letters. He had killed the man who received his letters that night, but he was not sure if those letters were destroyed. He did not know if they were in the hands of Fei Zhengqing.

Meng Qi said placidly, “Of all the things to do, Castellan Cui attacked me that night. Had he not done that, I wouldn’t have found out about Duan Mingcheng’s whereabouts. That’s why I’m asking you where he’s being locked up in today.”

“Fifth Brother attacked you?” You Tongguang looked at Meng Qi as if he was looking at a monster. He could not believe Meng Qi survived after Cui Xu’s attacks.

Meng Qi grinned. “I have something special to protect me, enough to force Castellan Cui to retreat. Mr. You, can you answer me now?”

You Tongguang’s expression shifted a couple times before he sighed. “Honestly, he never told me that. Perhaps he’s concerned about my Snow God Palace background. But I’ve been in this business for many years and have the money to spare, so I did find out eventually. Duan Mingcheng is locked in the bottom floor of the Castellan Mansion prison.”

“I thought only his corpse will be left. Castellan Cui is merciful.” Meng Qi stared at You Tongguang’s face, not missing any small changes on his face.

“He was worried that Duan Mingcheng’s map was a fake, so he kept him around. When Jinhua returned after examining the location of the treasure, Duan Mingcheng would be killed.” Since he had revealed the secret, You Tongguang no longer held back.

“Oh,” Meng Qi said. “No wonder I haven’t seen Young Castellan around after Zhang Zongxian and his wife handed the map to Ms. Cui.”

“When it comes to such matters, the only person he trusts is his son.” You Tongguang gave a bitter smile.

“Therefore, Castellan Cui and the Head Constable Fei left through the tunnel that night to kill Zhen Ding, didn’t they?” Meng Qi said.

“That I have no idea. I was excluded from the affair.” You Tongguang shook his head.

Without saying anything more, Meng Qi went straight for what he wanted. “Tell me the location and defense layout of the prison.”

After explaining in the detail what Meng Qi wanted, You Tongguang said, “Ennea Monkey, can you tell me where Hongbo is now?”

“I still have a request. A last one.” Meng Qi grinned.

You Tongguang took a deep breath and said, “Go ahead.”

“‘Steal’ the white jade joss tonight. I know you can do that,” Meng Qi said, staring directly into You Tongguang’s eyes.

“Though the white jade joss is expensive, it’s not something priceless…” You Tongguang was confused.

Meng Qi laughed. “I don’t want to break my word.”

He valued his reputation too much!

“All right.” You Tongguang nodded.

Meng Qi nodded. “I’ll leave You Hongbo in the garden of Dong Family. You steal white jade joss and find him later. Just toss the white jade joss into the river.”

You Tongguang looked at Meng Qi for a moment. He turned away without saying anything.

Meng Qi stood there, watching him until he disappeared. He laughed and said to himself, “I’ve got pretty good acting! The effect that comes from saying only half-truths is quite interesting.”

…

The next day, when news of Ennea Monkey infiltrating the protection circle and stealing the joss became a hot topic of discussion, Meng Qi received an invitation from Cui Jinxiu. The invitation was for Master Zhen Ding who could defeat Mu Shan, Mu Hengtian, and Ennea Monkey, as well having encountered Cui Jinxiu in the past. He had been invited to watch the fight.

“Everything comes down to this day.” Meng Qi laughed. He put on his white frock and went out happily.

“Master Zhen Ding…” Ning Daogu and the rest have been waiting in the yard for a while now, looking rather excited.

Just after they finished kowtowing, they were shocked to see him. Master Zhen Ding now wore a white frock with red lips and white teeth, carrying an air of indifference and aloofness.

A few days ago, Master Zhen Ding was just a little monk with good Kung Fu. Today, he resembled a senior monk a little.

Meng Qi was pleased with their reaction and turned his Buddha beads in his hands. He smiled and said, “Amitabha. Please follow me to Castellan Mansion.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74: The Dungeon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Castellan Mansion occupied almost half of the south of the city, which included a training ground for the Cui family and the youths of the family to practice martial arts.

The training ground was laid by bluestones and faced the sunset. On the east of the ground was an about-11-foot-tall platform where elders of the family normally watched and commented on martial arts.

It was a hot day with a cloudless sky, and a 110-foot-long platform was filled with armchairs. Many celebrities and masters of Wu Lin had been seated, behind whom were their own disciples or their younger generation.

The purpose of this competition was to let their disciples watch the competition between grandmasters and realize the quintessence of Kung Fu, which would help them avoid detours.

When Meng Qi arrived with Ning Daogu and other people, it was noon and only half an hour from the beginning of the competition. They saw Cui Xu, who was dressed in a white robe with a wooden hairpin in his hair, silently sit on the chair with his eyes closed and his sword laid on his knees, seemingly against the grain of the surrounding noise.

Two disciples of the Cui family stood in front of the stairs, and they scanned the invitation after receiving it from Meng Qi and they declared loudly, “Master Zhen Ding arrives.”

Everyone present suddenly fixed their eyes upon him, as many Wu Lin celebrities whispered with surprise.

“Is he Zhen Ding?”

“How could he have defeated the father and son of the Mu family?”

“The most famous Ennea Monkey is said to be almost defeated by him?”

“It is so unbelievable! Is he really a young hero?”

“Alas, the new generation expels the old.”

Having heard those words, Meng Qi felt excited in his heart without showing it with his expression. He chanted “Amitabha Buddha” in a low voice and strode up the stairs. With the help of maidservants, he found his seat with a detached expression.

When following Meng Qi, Ning Daogu, Yue Shishi, and two other people of the Four Meritocrats in the south of the Yangtze River felt extremely excited with contracted skin and a slow walking pace.

There are so many masters and celebrities gathering here, which they hardly could see at ordinary times. How could they not feel excited? How could they not feel anxious?

They also felt this experience was precious even if there would be no competition between grandmasters. This competition could be a “qualification”, at least leave an impression on these celebrities.

“That is Long Youzong master… That is the 18th waterway master…” Yue Shishi and the other people saw those eminent people appearing in succession. They followed Meng Qi and restrained themselves from excitement, looking steadily forward and dropping their eyes.

After looking at Meng Qi for a while, those celebrities discussed this competition respectively instead of continuing to look at Meng Qi, as people arrived occasionally and were served by maidservants. Some people left occasionally to spy on the whereabouts of the Sword God in White, which disordered the scene. After all, everyone present was eminent in Wu Lin. Cui Xu became silent again with his eyes closed. Apparently, this noisy scene could not be controlled by only Cui Jinxiu and Fei Zhengqing.

Faced with this situation, Meng Qi raised up suddenly, speaking to the maidservants with a smile, “Excuse me, I want to go to the restroom, but I don’t know where to go?”

The maidservant was extremely surprised that celebrities would ask about that “need” in this situation. Ning Daogu, Nie Yao, and other people had nearly the same surprised expression.

The maidservant led Meng Qi to that yard, she pointed toward the latrine and said, “Master, right here. Do you remember the way to return?”

“I remember it. You don’t need to wait for me,” Meng Qi answered peacefully.

Hurrying to serve other guests, the maidservant left in haste without saying anything.

Meng Qi took a deep breath and used his method of Kung Fu. Then he secretly went to the dungeon that You Tongguang had told him about, avoiding the servants everywhere at the same time.

Perhaps because of the broad daylight, people did not pay much attention to him. So Meng Qi had no difficulties in passing the noisy yard and he finally reached the dungeon located in the southwest.

Woods were planted here on purpose in order to divide the dungeon and inner yard, which seemed to be extremely gloomy.

The outer wall of the dungeon was built by a huge rock, and the inside and outside of the place were divided by a heavy gate guarded by two strong men.

Meng Qi picked up a stone and bent his fingers, hitting the other side of the wall by using the stone.

“Slap!” When hearing that sound, the guards turned away at the same time, looking at the place that the sound was from.

It was at that moment that Meng Qi swiftly attacked them as if a great hawk had spread its wings, and he hit their heads by using his two fists respectively.

“Slap, slap!” Meng Qi struck those two men down to the dust and they become unconscious at once. Even though Meng Qi’s fist was not as big as an earthen bowl, it was still very powerful.

He bent down to attack their acupoints and dragged them into the forest. After that, Meng Qi went to the iron gate unhurriedly, and grasping the knocker, he began to knock at the gate with drumming.

The drumming had a rhythm that consisted of three long knocks and two short knocks, which was then repeated three times.

After a while, the iron gate created a squeaking sound and backed toward the rear slowly.

When the gate was opened slightly, the people found something wrong as they peeped through the gate. “Where are two guards? Who is the monk dressed in white with the detached look?”

They reclosed the iron gate immediately with their quick reaction.

Pressing on the gate with his two hands, Meng Qi tried his best to push it open.

“Open the gate!”

Meng Qi groaned, his skin became vein-laced, and his arm muscles contracted.

The two men behind the gate stumbled and they could not stop the iron gate from opening.

He is so violent! He is so rude!

They were beginning to think that he was a detached and handsome monk. Now it seemed that he was just a rude person!

The two men behind the gate looked at the somewhat hideous expression of Meng Qi, which was caused by exhaustion, and a feeling of being cheated by his appearance arose in their hearts.

Meng Qi jumped into the dungeon and attacked their acupoints point before they could ask for help. In order to search for the keys, he stunned them and abandoned them aside.

“It really spoils my image.” Meng Qi flicked his white frock, holding his Buddhist Commandment Blade, fleeing downstairs at a fast pace.

Meng Qi realized that the bottom of the dungeon was his specific aim. The people he met were stunned by his Buddhist Commandment Blade or their acupoints were attacked by him. It was strange that nobody could defeat him.

Perhaps nobody had expected that someone could break into the dungeon. Prison guards and masters that were scattered everywhere could not gather effectively and it was hard for them to cooperate, plus his strange method of Kung Fu let him break through quickly without being noticed by others.

He fled down three floors, and he finally reached the narrow iron gate described by You Tongguang. Then he found the keys on the guard and opened the gate.

His right hand felt that it was cool when he touched the iron gate, it seemed like an ice cellar instead of a dungeon.

Undoubtedly, it had no impact on Meng Qi, who had suffered the cooling from Frigid Tortoise. He gently pushed the gate and it was opened slowly.

The ice-frost congealed behind the iron gate, and through the narrow corridor, a flow of cold air rolled upward from below.

Meng Qi kept calm and rushed to the end of the corridor.

The corridor was 100 feet long, whose end was shortly seen by Meng Qi.

There definitely was an ice cellar. With the lights of torches on either side of the corridor, the ice which had been placed there glittered with dreamlike color, among which was a sapphire coffin that was gleaming with a faint light.

Meng Qi frowned slightly and slowed his steps because a person was standing at the exit of the narrow corridor. That person with gray hair and a red face was continuously smiling kindly, and Meng Qi realized that it was You Tongguang.

A young person that lay behind him had a faint face with his eyes closed, and a white gas emitted from the top of his head.

“You are here.” You Tongguang greeted him with a smile.

In front of him and Meng Qi, a transparent ice wall, which could not be easily noticed, separated the inside from the outside.

“Here I am,” Meng Qi answered calmly.

“From your looks, it seems that you have known something.” You Tongguang still smiled with his hands behind his back.

“I have known what I am supposed to know.” Meng Qi fondled his Buddhist Commandment Blade and spoke slowly.

“Why do you come here with the possibility of being trapped?” You Tongguang extended his hands.

“I have to come here.” Meng Qi smiled for the first time.

“Do you regret it now?” You Tongguang did not ask Meng Qi why he had to come.

“Some challenges aim at testing your courage and judgment,” Meng Qi sighed.

“Your courage is admirable, but your judgment seems to be wrong,” You Tongguang sneered.

“Why other Animal Gods can be sure that Ennea Monkey is apocryphal and why they believe me to have the ability to threaten the Sword God in White, that’s all I ever think about.” Meng Qi shook his head.

“Have you found out the answer?” The smile of You Tongguang faded.

“Sure, Mr. Zodiac Mouse,” Meng Qi said, staring at eyes of You Tongguang.

“I wonder why my fifth brother always affirms that you can threaten Luo Qing, but now that he has said so, we have to believe it. Can you tell me the reason?” You Tongguang took a deep breath.

“I have previously told you that I have something which can keep people alive. Castellan Cui, or Mr. Zodiac Dragon, are you afraid now?” Meng Qi found that he did not know Pearflower Storm Needles, so he could not tell him easily.

It was because that Animal God made use of him to deal with Luo Qing that Meng Qi associated the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods with Cui Xu the first time. He could threaten the two abilities of the grandmaster, Peace Quietude Split and bladesmanship, and they had not been used. Pearflower Storm Needles was shown just once, and he only saw the black shadow, which seemed to be Cui Xu by his analysis.

Things became clear after analyzing. From the beginning, they had known that Ennea Monkey was apocryphal because nobody was so foolish as to deal with their companions. The test on the second day was just a trick. For one thing, he had not expected that most people tested were Animal Gods; for another thing, he wanted to test his Kung Fu.

But Cui Xu had a little wrong judgment. Meng Qi thought that he used the instruction of Peace Quietude Split to eliminate sensorial interference without using Pearflower Storm Needles. Thus, Luo Qing almost did not lose his combat effectiveness, he just lost a head start—At that time, they had to combat, because only when Luo Qing slowed his pace of drawing his sword did he run away by means of parry. Then, Luo Qing did not give him a narrow chance.

“I hadn’t expected that the Zodiac Dragon was Castellan Cui, no wonder you are a grandmaster.” Meng Qi continued to speak before You Tongguang could reply.

“Alas, since the death of Xiao Min, the fifth brother has changed a lot. He nagged all the time about the boundary between human beings and gods or resurrecting the dead. Then he found this organization called the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods to collect scripts of Kung Fu.” You Tongguang sighed and continued to speak. “What could we say because we are brothers? No matter what will happen, we will support him and we can get many benefits as well.”

At that time, Meng Qi saw the cold gas rolling behind You Tongguang, and it condensed into a few lines of text:

“You failed to enter the Twelve Zodiac Animal Gods.

“You have figured out the secret of the Twelve Zodiac Animal Gods.

“You have finished the side task and 150 Karma points is your reward.

“The triggering of side task two killed the Zodiac Mouse, you can be rewarded with 60 Karma points, and you can get 120 Karma points because of killing the Zodiac Dragon as well.”

Meng Qi’s smile became more sincere. “You set such a big trap just for dealing with me, who is a little monk?”

You Tongguang nodded, looking at the back of Meng Qi. “Come out, Mr. Leisure.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75: Two Wily Old Foxes
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

Raising his eyebrows lightly, Meng Qi followed his gaze and turned around. He saw a silhouette at the side of course way where the firelight was dim. Wearing a silk head dress and frock, the grey-haired, thin-faced man was none other than Mr. Leisure, Duan Xiangfei.

His appearance was not abrupt, as if he had appeared out of thin air. Rather, it reminded Meng Qi that he had simply never noticed where he stood before. It gave him the feeling what seemed like an imperceptible fog obscuring his eyes had disappeared.

A transparent jade fell from the top of course way, separating Meng Qi and Duan Xiangfei.

“I kept feeling that I was being stalked along the way, but I didn’t have any clues. I’m surprised to find it’s you, Mr. Leisure. How have you been since we last met?” Meng Qi suddenly understood what was going on.

With his hands behind his back, Duan Xiangfei still remained calm despite being trapped in course way. He smiled. “I’m worried about my son’s life and had to follow you. I didn’t expect you’d turn out to be a fake.”

“Being a fake doesn’t make me incapable.” Neither did Meng Qi panic. He sighed and said, “So you’re the one who killed Frost Herald? Why did you kill them all?”

“That’s simple.” An elegant voice came from the entrance of the course way. Cui Xu, in plain frock and wearing a wooden hairpin, was standing there before they noticed him. This was precisely why Duan Xiangfei did not immediately run to escape.

With a sword in his hand, Cui Xu wore a cold expression with dim eyes in his face. He said,

“He’s the ruler of Snow God Palace.”

Meng Qi clapped. “No wonder! Mr. Leisure, your Transformation Strategy was so marvelous that I didn’t notice you following me along the way.”

“It’s just a laughable, small trick.” Duan Xiangfei did not deny Cui Xu’s words. “I killed Frost Herald because Cui Xu and his men were nearby. If Cui Xu caught them and heard what they’ve told you, he’d find out about my identity.”

He paused, turning towards to Cui Xu. “Old Cui, when did you start suspecting me?”

Cui Xu did not hurry to attack, but said coldly, “When we were investigating Ming Cheng’s case, all evidence indicated Snow God Palace. Yet you were unconcerned and simply left with the excuse of bad parent-child relationship. Others may believe you, but I don’t. I was thinking you wouldn’t have done that unless you were sure Snow God Palace wasn’t involved. But how could you confirm that?”

“And thinking of the dirty deal of Treasure Map between Snow God Palace and Ming Cheng and his disguise as a playboy to conceal his powerful Kong Fu, I roughly understood. I was not sure, so I looped you with this fake Ennea Monkey.”

Duan Xiangfei smiled bitterly. “Exactly. Only the master of Snow God Palace could confirm that it wasn’t the work of Snow God Palace. I thought Ming Cheng couldn’t bear the cruel torture and told you that.”

“Ming Cheng is a true man. If you’re not the master of Snow God Palace, he may be very suitable for you.” Cui Xu rarely complimented others.

“I suspected then that you had abducted Ming Cheng, but I was afraid of exposing my identity. So I made use of Ennea Monkey to investigate this case. Yet I didn’t expect you’re the one who formed Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods. I deserve this failure.” Duan Xiangfei sighed.

“You’re really a scheming old fox. If Ennea Monkey’s identity wasn’t exposed ahead of time and you faced great threats, you’d be safe and sound.” Cui Xu nodded, praising Duan Xiangfei. He seemed to want his old friend to die with complete understanding of the situation.

Duan Xiangfei crackled. “How could I be more cunning than you? I couldn’t even distract you after I incited Luo Qing to challenge you.”

“So you’re the one who sent Luo Qing. No wonder the timing of his appearance was perfect. If not for Senior Monk Zhen Ding who could pose a threat to him, I wouldn’t have escaped so easily. My senior brother alone couldn’t stop you.”

The truth hit Duan Xiangfei. He said, “So that’s why. The Hare abducting You Hongbo made it hard for me to figure out that you’re behind Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods. But when I left, how could Luo Qing be so badly hurt even if he had lost the upper hand?”

“I lent him a hand later on. So Luo Qing sent me a letter to put off the duel for seven days,” Cui Xu said, as if he was talking about something trivial.

Duan Xiangfei said with a sneer, “How could Luo Qing who first opened his mental Secret Chamber defeat you? You must’ve opened one of Vitality or Vigor Secret Chambers, haven’t you?”

“Yes, it’s the Energy Secret Chambers. Brother Duan, you said you opened Vitality and Vigor Secret Chambers. But it looks like you lied. You must’ve accomplished Transformation Strategy instead.” Cui Xu nodded slightly.

Laughing, Duan Xiangfei said, “With Transformation Strategy, the mental Secret Chamber is comparatively easy. I opened Mentality and Vigor Secret Chambers.”

“You’re honest,” Cui Xu said, expression unchanging.

Duan Xiangfei smiled. “It doesn’t matter since one of us must die today. There’s no problem to be honest.”

“You can’t win. This course way is interspersed with mechanisms that could launch numerous arrows. Each of those equals a sword of 70% or 80% of my power. My brother had fabricated the missing of the 300 Sky Fulminator of Thunderbolt Hall to bury them here. But to attack Luo Qing, we had to use this thing to lure You Hongbo who’s ignorant of the matter. To dispel your suspicion, we had no choice but to give up.” Cui Xu coldly described the traps. “But with me around, it doesn’t matter.”

These two wily old foxes! Meng Qi’s mouth twitched, feeling like he was a chess piece for them to sound out each other!

Humph. Whether they had schemed for a long time or were simply farsighted, he only knew he was not that easy to deal with! Meng Qi clenched his fists quietly.

When Duan Xiangfei was about to speak, Meng Qi suddenly said, “Mr. Leisure, please make sure that this man lying here is Duan Mingcheng.”

Cui Xu, Duan Xiangfei, and You Tongguang all looked at him doubtfully, wondering why he was concerned about this.

“It’s indeed my son.” Duan Xiangfei nodded after overcoming his surprise.

Meng Qi grinned, showing his white teeth. “My task here is done. Mr. Leisure, where’s my remuneration?”

Their doubtful expressions all turned into sneers, as if they were looking at an idiot. At this time, he was still thinking of about his task? He should talk about if after leaving this place safely! If he can, that was!

Cold air began to surge inside the ice cellar, condensing several words again:

“Duan Mingcheng was found.”

“You’ve completed the main task. Your reward is 150 Karma points.”

“You can’t return while you’re in a battle. You can choose to return within one hour after getting out of it.”

Meng Qi was stunned. He thought he would be able to return at once, but this was within his expectations as well as he had considered the possibility of something like this happening.”

Alright. At least he could go back as long as finishing his battle. He did not have to worry about his wounds or whether he would die at all!

Thinking of this, his will to fight surged and he held his Buddhist Commandment Blade tighter.

“Master Zhen Ding, do you think I’ll prepare your remuneration?” Duan Xiangfei answered scornfully.

Meng Qi grinned, showing his teeth. “I don’t want any of the remuneration you promised now. I only want Transformation Strategy. For Castellan Cui to trap you here and talk to you so much, I assume he’s also aiming for the same thing.”

After a short shock, Cui Xu collected himself and said, “Brother Duan, repeat the secret of the boundary between humans and gods in Transformation Strategy. Don’t get wise with me. You should know I can figure out whether it’s true based on my knowledge of Mentality Secret Chamber. If you cooperate with me, Ming Cheng could survive. If not, I’ll kill you both.”

“I don’t understand why you’re so desperate for this,” Duan Xiangfei said after thinking.

Cui Xu shifted his eyes from Duan Xiangfei and Meng Qi towards the coffin inside the ice cellar. His expression became soft. “As I improve my cultivation base, I become more convinced of the existence of the boundary of humans and gods. The key is the Mentality Secret Chamber. If I could get Transformation Strategy to improve my Primal Aperture at Mid-brows, I could break through the boundary of humans and gods and ascend to the heaven. At the time, I could do whatever I want and even bring the dead back to life.”

“Your longing is deep.” Duan Xiangfei sighed.

Cui Xu looked back, saying, “You can choose not to tell. I have Treasure Map. I’ll end up getting it anyway.”

“So Jin Hua have yet to make it to Treasure Land. I thought of kidnapping him as our hostage.” Shaking his head, Duan Xiangfei said, “You’re so prudent.”

“He’s just in hiding to give you hope so you’ll be lured in.” Cui Xu gave a rare smile.

Duan Xiangfei looked back at Duan Mingcheng and laughed at himself. “Ah, when you become old, you find it hard to be away from your sons and grandchildren. Well, listen carefully. ‘Keep your heart bright and your mind in the Primal Aperture’…”

Cui Xu was not the only one who was listening carefully, so were Meng Qi and You Tongguang.

Transformation Strategy is the kungfu that exclusively cultivated Primal Aperture at Mid-brows. The whole book only contained five chapters about a thousand words. With Duan Xiangfei’s slow retelling, they gradually made it to the end of the book.

“‘One round object comes from chaos’…”

Before he finished his words, Duan Xiangfei suddenly jumped at Cui Xu like a puff of green smoke. His hands got green and his figure was dimly discernible.

Though his sword art was powerful, but his key power lied in Transformation Strategy!

So the five fingers cut off from his right hand did not impair his strength!

Meng Qi, You Tongguang and Cui Xu were all distracted by the final and key chapter of Transformation Strategy, so they froze for a moment.

But how was Cui Xu an ordinary person? With his concentrated Primal Aperture and his mind, he quickly collected himself and stamped heavily on the floor.

Holes abruptly appeared on the walls of the course way where numerous crossbows peeked out. Wind howled and arrows rained on them like waterfalls. It was hard to dodge them for they came from both sides.

Moving quickly and twisting his body, Duan Xiangfei dodged the parade of crossbows and arrows and he shunned many. But there were so many crossbows that he was shot and bled like pools.

Although Meng Qi and Duan Xiangfei were separated, what Cui Xu stepped were all locks that triggered mechanisms. Therefore, crossbows peppered them from both sides.

Instead of using Lightning Changes, Meng Qi curled into a ball and protected his weak points like his deutocebrum.

The crossbows whizzed past, hitting Meng Qi. Even though he turned his body, he was punctured like a hedgehog.

There was a moment when the heaven and earth disappeared. So did the crossbows. After a round, no crossbows came from the holes.

Duan Xiangfei’s frock was dyed with blood after being shot by some eight crossbows, but he remained embroiled in a fight against Cui Xu.

Meng Qi stood up slowly. His back and body were shot by numerous arrows, causing unstoppable bleeding. The blood dyed the arrows and his white frock. With his bloody body and his golden face, he did not resemble a monk, but rather a hungry ghost returning from hell.

His injuries were heavy. Were it not for Golden Bell Shield healing them, he would have already died. But the shield was nearly broken.

“Open!” With glowering eyes, he crashed forcibly into the wall.

The shield was nearly broken, but Meng Qi still kept some inner force. The cultivation of the shield enhanced his strength, allowing him to crack the ice wall.

Bang! The ice wall cracked open. You Tongguang slowly extended his hands towards Meng Qi. He wanted to take advantage of Meng Qi’s injured state and unsteadiness to take his life!

At this exact moment, he saw a black cylinder appearing in Meng Qi’s hands!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76: Cui Xu’s Soft Spot
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

After the gimmick was pressed, streaks of silver lights radiated out, covering all the positions that You Tongguang could change, just like heavy rain or a tight dragnet which were too quick for people to respond to!

Seeing the black tubes with dark light, You Tongguang’s face paled. He could not imagine that this legendary concealed weapon was in the hands of a little monk!

The fifth younger brother obviously knew that, but why didn’t he tell me?

He wants me to die?

When pondering about these things, he resorted to the Iron Bridge, turning it backward to try to keep off the frontal Pearflower Storm Needles.

However, this was the Pearflower Storm Needle, the legendary concealed weapon, whose speed went beyond the ordinary imagination. “Da, da, da!” After the sound like that of raindrops drumming against banana leaves, You Tongguang directly fell back to the ground with 10 silver needles thrusting into his chest, head, and lower body respectively.

His face turned black, frozen with the expression of horror and puzzlement. He had already died from poisoning.

Meng Qi did not even glance at him. Tucking the Pearflower Storm Needles into his arms, he crossed his legs at once and meditated so as to harmonize Qi-circulation and heal the wound so that he would lose no time stabilizing his Golden Bell Shield, which was on the brink of breaking off.

Inside the corridor, Cui Xu, with his exquisite sword art, completely subdued Duan Xiangfei, who was badly injured. It seemed that they did not fight too intensely, but the spiritual interference and subtle changes from each other were amazing.

Duan Xiangfei was struck by swords one after another, constantly retreating. But his palms were strangely free from getting hurt. He was quite far away from Cui Xu, it seemed that with the passage of time, he gradually failed to confront the spiritual invasion to his facial features from Cui Xu due to excessive loss of blood.

…

In the Castellan Mansion, with the arrival of the letter from Luo Qing to postpone the duel, everyone was disappointed, only to see Castellan Cui return to the quiet room to regulate his mind.

After some speculation about the reasons for the postponement of the duel by Luo Qing, the famed seniors of martial arts got up, ready to leave.

But Cui Jinxiu naturally did the honor of the host and detained everyone to enjoy lunch.

Just as the seniors were rejecting the hospitality out of politeness, someone suddenly said in distress, “The Sword God in White is coming.”

Everyone was astonished as they turned around and saw Luo Qing in white holding a sword, whose forehead was wide, his eyebrows were like flying dragons, and the expression in his eyes was cold and fierce.

“Luo Qing, didn’t you delay the duel?” Mu Shan shouted angrily and in bewilderment.

Luo Qing said coldly, “I did postpone the duel, but I didn’t say that I would not come today.”

“What are you doing here?” Mu Shan lowered his voice.

At this time, Cui Jinxiu could only let his uncles control the whole situation.

“I seek justice.” Luo Qing’s gaze swept over Fei Zhengqing, Mu Hengtian, and so on, which made Fei Zhengqing clench his Judge Pen.

“What justice?” the head of the Longyou Clan asked as an unrelated person.

Luo Qing no longer looked at Fei Zhengqing, “You’ll get it when meeting Cui Xu. Take me to the dungeon.”

“The dungeon?” the head of the Longyou Clan asked doubtfully.

“Cui Xu is not in the quiet room, but in the dungeon.” Luo Qing looked around the crowd. “I think not any one of you could stop me from going. I came here because I hoped that you could also follow me and have a look.”

As a grandmaster, Luo Qing indeed could have bypassed the “obstacle” to easily arrive at the dungeon if Cui Xu did not impede him.

Everyone looked at each other, and Fei Zhengqing said loudly, “We must make things clear, how dare you break into Castellan Mansion at your own discretion?”

Luo Qing did not reply but directly ran toward the dungeon with his bodily movement, whose speed and variation were so subtle that nobody could stop him.

“Go and catch him!” Cui Jinxiu could not help shouting, but did not notice that Uncle Fei looked over at him coldly.

With this command, the famed seniors in Jianghu went after him, without knowing if they wanted to stop Luo Qing or to see exactly what the matter was.

…

“Luo Qing should have arrived, right?” Meng Qi temporarily stabilized his Golden Bell Shield and turned over to sit up.

After linking the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods with Cui Xu, he secretly wrote a letter to Luo Qing, earnestly elaborating his own judgment and today’s adventure. Since Luo Qing also opened his spiritual Secret Chamber, Duan Xiangfei dared not get too close to Meng Qi after Meng Qi had departed from You Tongguang to sneak into Dabei Temple. Duan did not know this, or he would not be so impulsive.

Although Luo Qing got injured, he was also a grandmaster, whose participation would totally change the situation of the duel.

“Ha!”

When Meng Qi intended to enter the course way to join hands with Duan Xiangfei, with a sudden exclamation, Duan Xiangfei “cracked” his body into seven streaks of ghosts, each holding a handprint which then shot out toward Cui Xu simultaneously.

This palm made the ice cellar more frigid, and even Meng Qi could not help but shudder. A few snowflakes seemed to flutter in the corridor, but whether it was an illusion or reality remained unknown.

” Transformation Strategy is really extraordinary…” Meng Qi knew that there was only one real body in the seven ghosts, but he could not tell. In the meantime, the scene that the similar astronomical phenomena changed in a small area suddenly led him to speculate. “After opening Nine Apertures together, was it relying on condensing Primal Aperture at Mid-brows and hooking the inside and outside world to step into the Half-step Exterior Scenery?”

If so, the martial art in this world laid a weak foundation, but there was another way out.

“Good to come!” After seeing that, Cui Xu exclaimed all of a sudden, turning into the light of the sword and combining with it!

The light became more and more bright, as if it could fill up the entire corridor, so that Meng Qi could not look straight ahead.

“It is really horrible to open the spiritual Secret Chamber…” Meng Qi knew it was an illusion influenced by his close proximity but he still could not tell where exactly Cui Xu was and where his sword came from.

Under such circumstances, he did not dare to intervene, but was on high alert.

He clearly knew that Duan Xiangfei was forced into a desperate case so as to display the Kung Fu similar to the disintegration of Skyscraping Devil, which prompted the Snow God Palace palm, while Cui Xu also spared no effort in drawing this sword. Hence, the outcome was about to be clear!

The light of the sword dissipated and Duan Xiangfei flew backward, severely falling on the top of the ice with a perforated wound on the right side of his chest, and blood spewed out to stain the ice red.

Cui Xu stood with a sword that was horizontal in his hand. The clothes on his right shoulder suddenly crushed into a fine debris, as if butterflies were flying together, and there was one more ice-blue palm print on his skin.

His was slightly trembling with white gas emerging from the top of his head. His look quickly returned to normal as he stepped toward the ice cellar.

“Snow God Palm deserves its reputation as expected, but unfortunately you’re injured too badly to let it fully display,” Cui Xu said as he stood at the entrance of ice cellar, looking at Duan Xiangfei.

Duan Xiangfei heaved a deep sigh. “One false move may lose the game, Cui Laogui. Come on, you are superior to me both on your scheming and Kung Fu.”

Cui Xu revealed an expression of recollection. “Actually, I’ve been imitating your scheming.”

“Have you guys not finished yet?” Meng Qi said carelessly at that time.

“Don’t you want to live longer?” Cui Xu looked at him with his head aslant.

Meng Qi put the Buddhist Commandment Blade across his chest with a smile and said, “Will you let me go after killing Mr. Leisure?”

“No,” Cui Xu answered without changing in his expression.

“I would rather take the initiative and go all out.” Meng Qi converged all his expressions, only a pair of eyes revealed a strong fighting will.

Cui Xu hummed slightly. “You must have been prepared since you’ve guessed that I am Zodiac Dragon. Luo Qing is coming, why not wait longer?”

“The Sword God in White is only the backhand, who might come by luck but not by seeking for him. Putting all my hopes on him will only make me weak and I will lose my intention to put up a desperate fight, so then you could just casually kill me with a sword,” Meng Qi calmly replied.

Cui Xu raised his eyebrows and said with pity, “You might be a future grandmaster as expected. What a pity, what a pity.”

He seemed to be pitying that Meng Qi would die under his sword.

“I am not badly injured.” He pointed his sword at Meng Qi. “And do you think I was doing my best that night? Your Pearflower Storm Needles must have run out.”

“It’s no use saying so much. Come on.” Meng Qi picked up his Buddhist Commandment Blade from the bottom up, pointing it directly at Cui Xu’s belly at a weird angle, which made people feel badly uncomfortable.

Cui Xu thrust his sword and suddenly disappeared. Meng Qi’s pupils sharply contracted, seeing two or three streaks of sword lights respectively come from the left, right, and front of his body with the sound of wind and footsteps fading away.

He could not who tell the real one was, but he wielded the Buddhist Commandment Blade, trying to block the sword with a wide range of defense.

The light of sword was like a wave that scattered with the blade. A tip of the blade emerged suddenly from the void and stabbed the middle of Meng Qi’s back.

A sharp pain hit Meng Qi, who reacted very fast and plunged forward directly. Obstructed by his Golden Bell Shield, the sword thrust into his body a little, but instantly came out.

Meng Qi did not utilize the “Peace Quietude Split” immediately because, after this thrust, he would have nearly collapsed. He would lose his life if he did not kill Cui Xu, so he had to wait for a good opportunity.

Cui Xu seemed to be affected by the injury so that he did badly in connecting his attack, which gave Meng Qi time to catch his breath after rushing forward.

The light of sword showed up again and divided into seven streaks, hitting from different directions.

Meng Qi knew now that his eyes, nose, ears, and sense of touch were all disturbed by Cui Xu so that he could not exactly avoid the attack. Hence, he simply closed his eyes, held his breath, and restrained himself from hearing while just relying sheerly on Lightning Changes, backward or forward and to the left or right irregularly. And to protect his major weak points, he tightly gripped the Buddhist Commandment Blade, paying no “attention” to other parts of his body.

Meng Qi was stabbed by the sword again and again with his blood spurting out, but he withheld the fierce pain, patiently waiting for an opportunity.

Where was the chance?

He would never find a chance if it went on like this!

At that moment, Meng Qi, who excluded or weakened the various senses automatically, seemed to have plunged into a tranquil and gloomy world with only the pain of a constant attack.

Nothing could be seen or heard. There was nothing but peace and pain!

Where was the turning point to break this?

Duan Xiangfei saw Meng Qi struggle to support himself. As the flowing dark gold with cracks all around was about to break, Meng Qi made up his mind to get up with difficulty, rushing toward the sapphire coffin.

Only by distracting Cui Xu could Zhen Ding support himself any longer and wait until Luo Qing had come!

“How dare you!” Cui Xu exclaimed with his disfigured face.

“How dare you!”

This voice just like thunder exploded in the peaceful world of Meng Qi, leaving everything fragmented.

Peace had been destroyed and uproar was coming.

Meng Qi drew his blade along with the lingering sound.

His blade lit up, accompanied by red dust billowing!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77: The Secret Gift
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

His Primal Aperture began to feel warm and his spirit was stretching like a web, his senses were focused on nothing but the battle and he was immersed in his own world. Apart from the clanging of the sword and blade hitting each other, the sound of the long sword penetrating the skin, and the enemy seemingly about to fall, there was nothing else.

No, he wasn’t really focused a hundred percent, there was only one thing that concerned him.

Hence when Duan Xiangfei dove onto the gray jade coffin, anger rose from his heart and evil was added to his courage. He couldn’t help his twisted expression as he shouted,

“How dare you!”

Meanwhile, with his web-like spirit stretching, he deflected Meng Qi’s attention. He slashed towards Duan Xiangfei to behead the wretched man.

Suddenly, a bright flash of blade light filled his vision.

On a night where thousands of fruit trees were in bloom coupled with an easterly wind, leaves and stars were falling like rain. This ray of blade light was grounded, earth-like and not at all bloody. It seemed more like it belonged in this secular atmosphere, just like going to a lantern show on the night of the lantern festival. The rays of blade light represented warmth and bustle.

Cui Xu suddenly began to reminisce about the past… growing up together, the innocence of childhood playmates, “that” year on the night of the lantern festival, the burning of the red candle on their first night together, waking up the next morning, getting dressed to pay respects to the elders… These wonderful yet dreary memories had interrupted his peace, rendering him unable to control his ever stretching spirit, and drive his Primal Aperture at Mid-brows.

All of these memories of Cui Xu were wonderful, yet at the same time painful to the core. If he were to choose again, he would give everything for a lifetime together.

The next moment, the blade light, carrying with it his past, sliced his body and soul, the course of the blade was mysterious and unpredictable. It couldn’t be stopped.

Cui Xu’s pupils contracted and by the time he realized what had happened it was hard to pull out. He didn’t know whether the noise interrupting his peace was real or an illusion.

When he looked at the gray jade coffin, he’d seen the beautiful and gentle girl who had always had a smile on her face. So he returned the smile and never avoided or blocked the sword that was coming directly at him.

At a moment like this, the only way to have a chance was to not be afraid of death and fight to the end. Doing so would perhaps force the opponent to withdraw.

This was the exact same scenario as when Jiang Zhiwei had been sneak-attacked by Cheng Yong, she made the same choice. Cui Xu had indeed lived up to his title of grandmaster, the head of the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods.

Faced with the flash of the sword and the countercharge of pain and suffering brought about by Peace Quietude Split, Meng Qi gritted his teeth ferociously, but he didn’t dodge or retrieve his blade.

Let’s see who’s afraid of death!

I can still rely on the Golden Bell Shield and the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms. As long as I don’t die on the spot, what is there to be afraid of?

When the light is gone, so is life.

Meng Qi and Cui Xu both backed off. One had a long sword go through his right shoulder, his lungs were clearly punctured badly too because he was coughing up blood bubbles. The other had deep blade wounds between his abdomen and stomach, even his heart and spine were visible.

“Great… bladesmanship…” Cui Xu said in a raspy voice, but before he could finish his words, he fell to the ground.

His eyes had lost their glow, yet he was still staring at the gray coffin.

Duan Xiangfei had witnessed the last strike of the blade and stopped in front of the coffin. He watched as Meng Qi appeared to be seeing a ghost. He caught his breath and said, “It’s a good thing that I didn’t fight you. This blade move is divine. It beats every supreme art of the Snow God Palace Clan.”

Though he hadn’t seen much of the world, just then, he’d felt the subtle change of heaven and earth, like he was a part of this world. It was as if the flash of the blade contained the “way” and “truth”, all that that was missing from his other martial arts.

Meng Qi didn’t dare pull the sword out from his chest, he just sealed his acupoints to stop the bleeding. He saw the cold air freeze behind Duan Xiangfei,

“Killing the Primus Rat will award 60 Karma points.”

“Killing the Zodiac Dragon will award 120 Karma points.”

“Once the second sides task is complete and the battle won, you can return at any time within an hour, or return on order thereafter.”

He looked at Duan Xiangfei and smiled, “Duan my old boy. ahem… just then the memorization of the ‘Transformation Strategy’ was incomplete… ahem, please get on with it.”

Meng Qi was a little surprised, “Duan my old boy… ahem… since when have you become so generous?”

He didn’t want to return straight away because he wanted to see if he could coax the “Transformation Strategy” from Duan Xiangfei’s mouth.

Duan Xiangfei looked at Meng Qi half laughingly, he too was holding his wounds and said, “If I refuse, you’d definitely threaten me of being insincere, but I don’t know if you could take me now.”

Meng Qi laughed dryly and said, “What are you talking about… ahem… I was just asking, but if I get angry… ahem… then I’d start on a killing spree.”

He was just trying to frighten Duan Xiangfei off by shattering Cui Xu’s reputation, telling him that without reciting the “Transformation Strategy”, then he’d kill Duan Mingcheng.

“It doesn’t matter, I was going to tell you the Transformation Strategy anyway.” Duan Xiangfei laughed.

Meng Qi was a little surprised, “Duan my old boy, since when have you become so generous?”

“You and I are both seriously injured. It’ll be difficult for us to leave before Luo Qing and his men get here, so we have to straighten our stories,” Duan Xiangfei said joyfully. “The only way for you not to accuse me of being the head of the Snow God Palace Clan is by letting you know the ‘Transformation Strategy’. After all, there are many that want a piece of you, being seriously injured and all. Besides, who doesn’t want to learn the bladesmanship that could kill the old ghost Cui?”

“We’ll just say that it was that old ghost Cui who formed the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods and intended to use it for the rebuild of the Snow God Palace Clan. Alas, my poor child, kidnapped just for wanting the treasure map.”

As Meng Qi listened, his face became more contorted.”Duan, aren’t you afraid of Fei Zheng Qi and others?” he asked.

“What is there to be afraid of? Are they not part of the Zodiac Gods? Who’d believe the words of the Zodiac Gods? As long as we can hold them off for a bit, even if people became suspicious afterwards, I would’ve recovered and could go anywhere.” Duan Xiangfei laughed cunningly.

These words gave Meng Qi a bit of a chill, he sighed and said, “Duan, you… ahem… are an old, cunning fox!”

Duan Xiangfei said no more and started reciting the contents of the Transformation Strategy.

Meng Qi didn’t doubt whether it was authentic, the Dominator of Samsara of the Six Realms could check it later. As long as most of it was real, then filling in the rest wouldn’t require too many karma points.

The Dominator of Samsara of the Six Realms really was a must for travel and home.

When Duan Xiangfei had finished reciting, Meng Qi asked some questions on the parts he couldn’t memorize, then laughed and said, “Duan my old boy, I won’t wait for Luo Qing with you, you… ahem… make up what to say.”

“You can still move?” Duan Xiangfei asked with a tone of joy.

“One more thing… ahem… when you gave out the task… ahem… you mentioned something about a secret gift?” Meng suddenly remembered and couldn’t help asking.

Duan Xiangfei took out a pendant, and hesitantly tossed it to Meng Qi. “This.”

When Meng Qi caught it and looked at it, a tumultuous wave of shock rose in his heart.

This pendant was of a little Jade Buddha. Its face was kind and benevolent, the texture was smooth and cool. It was the exact same as his, which had shattered!

The Jade Buddha Pendant had been something of the evidence that guided him towards the samsara realm, but now another exact piece appeared. How could he not be surprised, shocked or confused? How could he not feel a sense of chill down his spine?

“Where… ahem… ahem… did you get that?” Because Meng Qi felt a bit emotional, his cough became more severe.

Duan Xiangfei looked at Meng Qi with uncertainty. “Perhaps this Jade Buddha Pendant has something to do with Buddhism secrets?”

When he saw that Meng Qi didn’t answer, he continued, “when I was young, I went to the Changhua temple to pray, and his abbotship, Master Yuan Meng gave me this protective talisman. He said that before I got to the age of 60, this talisman would protect me from harm, after which, I must give it to someone who’s destined to have it, then I would live a peaceful life. But last year, after I turned 60, all sorts of troubles came into my life. I was thinking of giving this pendant to you.”

“Master Yuan Meng didn’t say anything else? He didn’t say what would happen after the destined man procures it? Ahem… would it protect him too?” Meng Qi’s face was perplexed.

Duan Xiangfei thought for a moment, then said slowly, “He just said that after I give it out, it would lose the protection effect. As for whether it has other powers, he didn’t say.”

“Where is Master Yuan Meng at the moment?” Meng Qi asked in a weak voice, feeling heavy-hearted.

“He passed away about a decade ago.” Duan Xiangfei answered directly.

Meng Qi took the “little Jade Buddha”. Just as he was about to ask more questions, footsteps could be heard inside the course way. He silently recited “return”.

He was severely hurt and could not fight, so he decided not to confront anyone.

If he fell into battle again, he would no longer be able to return!

Luo Qing was in front, then Cui Jinxiu, the head of the Longyou clan, Ning Daogu and others closely followed, they all passed the course way and saw what had happened inside the ice cellar.

They saw that Cui Xu was lying on the ice, looking at the gray jade coffin with a lethal wound between his chest and abdomen. You Tongguang’s body was full of silver pins and turning dark. Duan Mingcheng had his eyes closed. His breathing was weak and his face was turning blue.

Yet Duan Xiangfeit was leaning on the coffin and staring blankly at the front, his body was full of wounds too, it was clear that he was hurt badly.

Two grandmasters, one dead and one seriously hurt, could this be any more frightening?

The head of the Longyou Clan and others suddenly felt as if they had mistakenly entered hell. What shocked them most was that Duan Xiangfei was staring blankly into nothingness. There was a handsome white monk and his body was kind of opaque with a long sword plunging into the right side of his chest. Though his frock was torn and full of blood, his eyes still had some of that out-of-this-world glow.

A kind of imaginary golden lily surfaced and surrounded him. By the time it disappeared, so did the monk, leaving behind a sense of peace at the spot where he had been.

“This…” Even Luo Qing, a seemingly cold grandmaster, was now in full shock.This is like something that would appear in mythical legends!

Duan Xiangfei was the first to come to his senses, then he said loudly, “Cui Xu is the head of the Snow God Palace Clan, the Zodiac Dragon of the Twelve Animal Zodiac Gods. He conspired to kill me. It was fortunate that Master Zhen Ding came to my aid, but the power of his blade broke the boundary of the earth and heaven realms. What ensued was Master Zhen Ding flying towards the heaven realm. It’s a pity that I didn’t have a chance to discuss Kung Fu with him!”

“The Power of his blade?” Luo Qing asked rhetorically, his pupils contracting. He looked at the wounds on Cui Xu’s chest.

“Fly towards the heaven?” The head of the Longyou clan, Yue Shishi and others couldn’t help questioning, mouths wide open.

They were all in disbelief, but they couldn’t ignore what had just happened either!

How astounding the power of Master Zhen Ding’s blade was. It could actually break the boundaries of heaven!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78: Hidden Latch
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

The white light spilled on Meng Qi. He felt his chest muscles break the long sword and the crossbow strapped to his back fall. Even his wounds were healing and closing up. The dizziness from the blood loss was gone. So did the breathing difficulties resulting from his punctured lungs.

His skin was glowing a dull gold color. The Golden Bell Shield, broken by the final sword strike, was restored.

“It didn’t even take me 18 years to become whole again!” Meng Qi was in a good mood for he had gained a lot from this round. He laughed like a satisfied villain as he stretched his muscles.

Samsara Square was empty at the moment. There was no one except him.

“They’re still not back? Perhaps their return times aren’t synchronized.” Meng Qi looked around the room, squashing his concern for their lives. He walked to the center light pillar and pulled out his little Jade Buddha to get it appraised by Dominator of Samsara of the Six Realms.

“Cold Jade Buddha, a mysterious object. Its value and use are unknown. It seems to be a token, compass, or key of some kind. You can unlock its secret for 50,000 karma points,” Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms said emotionlessly.

50,000 karma points… Meng Qi could only laugh in defeat. He suppressed his curiosity and put away his jade. He then recalled the Transformation Strategy in his mind and produced an ancient script out of it.

“Transformation Strategy, the practicing method during the enlightenment period. You can exchange it for 200 karma points.”

When Meng Qi saw that the description did not indicate it was fake or incomplete, he felt more at ease. He looked at the exchange rate again and realized that the script had an original value of 400 karma points. This meant Duan Xiangfei did not tamper with it and the script was intact.

After thinking about it, he did not exchange it for Karma points. He decided to ask Jiang Zhiwei and the others if they knew anything about the three Secret Chambers.

“Little monk, you’ve back early.” Just as he was deep in thought, Meng Qi heard Jiang Zhiwei’s soft voice. He turned around and saw her wrapped in the white light. She seemed severely injured too, almost at the brink of her death.

Meng Qi answered with a smile, “I’ve probably completed the task just a little faster than you.”

The white light disappeared and Jiang Zhiwei walked over to him carrying a heavy aeruginous sword sheath. Her black hair was still tied in a simple knot, graceful without lacking any charm. The only difference was she now wore an ivory dress rather than a yellow one. She seemed to favor simple colors with warm undertones.

“I couldn’t believe that it was a solo task.” Jiang Zhiwei smiled. “I was worried about your lack of experience since it was your first time taking on a one-person task.”

In their previous conversations, Meng Qi had shared about his speculations based on his experience. He predicted that there may be solo and team tasks. When it really happened, Jiang Zhiwei did not panic.

“I have my Golden Bell Shield. Even if I lack experience and make mistakes, I still have protection.” Meng Qi felt fortunate at this moment to have chosen this path. After all, being involved in the Samsara tasks meant he could not grow or gain experience slowly like ordinary Jianghu folks.

He became distracted as he spoke and asked, “Lady Jiang, what are you carrying on your back?”

On her back was a large navy-colored parcel.

Jiang Zhiwei scrunched her pointy nose. “Little monk, I consider us to be friends for life by now, so stop calling me Lady Jiang. Doesn’t that make us seem like strangers? Just call me Zhiwei. Of course, I’d love it if you call me older sister.” She gave a little laugh.

Meng Qi was little embarrassed but he could not blame her for wanting to be his older sister. He could only blame the fact that his current physical form was about four years younger than hers.

“I’ll call you Zhiwei then.” He wiped the nonexistent cold sweat off his forehead.

Jiang Zhiwei smiled. “I know you’re unwilling to call me older sister, seeing as you’re quite mature for your age.”

Being quite open-minded, she did not insist on this matter. She smiled and pointed to the parcel on her back. “I had a lot of free time during this task, so I was able to collect quite a few scripts. I should be able to exchange them for a hundred Karma points or so.”

“I planned to do the same, but I didn’t have the time to do so,” Meng Qi said with faux regret. It was fortunate that he had gained the Transformation Strategy. “You must have had help to collect that many scripts?”

“You’re right. I had a lot of help, but these are just ordinary scripts. They’re nothing to brag about.” Jiang Zhiwei had verified Meng Qi’s guess.

Since they were on the subject of scripts, Meng Qi quickly asked, “Zhiwei, what do you know about the three Secret Chambers?”

“Nothing.” Jiang Zhiwei shook her head, before muttering, “I may know it under a different name. Tell me more about it.”

“I might be referring to the lower Dantian, mid Dantian, and upper Dantian. I’m not quite sure about the first two, but the latter is refers to the practice of the Primal Aperture at Mid-brows. The practice could achieve the breakthrough of your spiritual Secret Chamber. During battles, it could help you obstruct your opponent’s senses and give them hallucinations,” Meng Qi explained in detail.

Jiang Zhiwei burst out laughing. “I get it. After your the Nine Innate Apertures open up, you must breakthrough into the mystery boundary and get on the ‘bridge between heaven and earth’ if you want to make a connection between the outer and inner heavens. This step is the practice of the Primal Aperture at Mid-brows. When you complete this step, you will create a connection between the heaven and earth and bring about many changes in the weather. This phenomenon is aptly named the Half-step Exterior Scenery. The amalgamation of the outer and inner heavens comes next and, finally, the Exterior.

“Duo Ercha from our previous round had reached this level. You did not battle him, so you didn’t know how we felt like we could be struck by lightning at any moment when we tampered with his spirit. If it not for my open Eye Aperture helping me see past the hallucinations, I wouldn’t have been able to hurt him at all. Even so, we still took a hit.”

“The so-called spirit chamber ought to be referring to the dwelling of the soul and the mysterious boundary.”

“As for the mid and lower Dantian, the steps to practice them were mentioned in the practice of opening up the Nine Apertures.”

“You don’t know this because you didn’t see the practice for the enlightenment period.”

Meng Qi listened carefully without interrupting. It was just as he had anticipated.

When Jiang Zhiwei was done with her explanation, he considered it for a moment and said, “The realm I’d experienced this time had its own unique methods. Even without being enlightened, there are ways of concentration practice for the lower and mid Dantian, as well as for breaking through the Primal Aperture at Mid-brows.”

Jiang Zhiwei was taken aback, which was a rare reaction from her. “Is that really possible? Our bodies shouldn’t be able to stand the pressure of breaking through the Hidden Latch between life and death. We would collapse from the countercharge after stepping on the bridge between heaven and earth.”

The Taoist Primogenitor and Buddha once existed in the realm she and Meng Qi belonged to. There were innumerable Gods and gifted individuals. Many of them tried to bypass the Nine Innate Apertures to directly break through the Mid-brow Hidden Latch. In their opinion, their physical bodies would eventually decay and only their spirits would be forever intact. Hence they decided to abandon the refinement of their bodies and focus on their spirits.

But all these attempts failed in the end, leaving only a line of warning: “It’s almost impossible for common ghosts to cultivate into Nether Spirit even if they have undertaken a thousand sufferings.”

Before Meng Qi could respond, Jiang Zhiwei frowned and added, “Perhaps it utilizes all the senses and the earth’s energy to block the countercharge? Like the Upstanding Qi and Evil spirit or Ice Crystal and Fire Spirit? But that’s too much of a waste and it cuts off future paths for practice.”

That was because, once that happened, the body would become something of a Magical Arms object. One would be incapable of conventional practice. Of course, once in the Exterior period, the body would then concentrate all the energies from the heaven and earth. One can use those energies to strengthen one’s connection and power, but that would be a totally different method of practice.

“No, they practiced that directly.” The more Meng Qi thought about it, the more perplexed he became about the realm Duan Xiangfei and Cui Xu belonged to.

Pursing her lips, Jiang Zhiwei said in distress, “I can’t think of anything else. It’s strange, very strange.”

“They all looked alive and kicking to me. I don’t see any countercharge effects.” Meng Qi was confused too. “Why don’t you examine this practice method and see what it’s all about?”

His understanding of the enlightenment period was way too shallow compared to Jiang Zhiwei.

“You want me to examine it? But you’d lose half its exchange value.” Jiang Zhiwei frowned.

If Meng Qi shared the Transformation Strategy with others, its value would be halved for every person he shared it with. Further, those who learned it through him would not be able to exchange points for it or teach it to someone else. They could only do that if they obtained the Transformation Strategy through other means.

Meng Qi was about to ask her not to mind it when Jiang Zhiwei suddenly smiled. She said, “I’m very interested in this new practice method that can help me breakthrough the mid-brow boundary without practicing the Nine Innate Apertures. I’ll make up whatever Karma points you lose from sharing this with me.”

She saw that Meng Qi was about to be courteous and added, “Things like this have to be settled clearly even among biological brothers. I don’t want a few Karma points to come between us in the future.”

“Okay.” Meng Qi did not refuse Jiang Zhiwei’s generosity and handed her the script.

Stroking her hair, Jiang Zhiwei started browsing through the script. “So that’s how it’s done!” she said after a while, voice a mixture of frustration and mirth.

“Huh?” Meng Qi waited for her explanation.

Jiang Zhiwei laughed strangely and said, “It’s because they’ve never broken the boundary of the mid-brow.”

“What?” Meng Qi was shocked.

Jiang Zhiwei collected herself and smiled. “This practice method is just at the beginner level. It stimulates the Primal Aperture to create hallucinations but never actually opens it. That’s why there wouldn’t be any countercharge. If the boundary is broken, the body would suffer the same charge of the heaven and earth. When that time comes, the body would either be severely injured or, worse, dead, with only the spirit remaining.”

In Meng Qi’s mind, the spirit and soul of ordinary people will go straight to either heaven or hell after they die. No one knew if they would completely disappear or go to some other place. The only exceptions to this were the Big Powers of the exterior.

Of course, the spirits of ordinary people could remain under special coincidences. That would mean another life on earth, but its lifespan would be short before it ‘died’ again. When that happened, the spirit would disintegrate without any remains.

“You mean the beginner-level practice of the Primal Aperture at Mid-brows could tamper with the opponent’s senses and cause hallucinations?” Rather than being disappointed, Meng Qi was happy to hear this.

Jiang Zhiwei nodded. “That’s right. If you practice repeatedly and once again break the boundary, you may have the power to cause minor changes to the weather. Of course, it wouldn’t be on Duo Ercha’s level.”

“Yes! I’ve heard of such rumors in that world!” Meng Qi answered in surprise.

Jiang Zhiwei laughed in a self-mocking manner. “Indeed. For us, the only purpose of practicing the Primal Aperture at Mid-brows is to break the boundary between life and death. All our practice methods were designed for this purpose. We never considered it would be just a matter of stimulation and they had probably not thought about breaking the boundary. They achieved this step by step through trial and error and, in turn, discovered a shortcut. How ironic.”

She paused before adding, “We can use this method with other practices. Not only will we gain more power from using this, but it will also make life easier for us when we practice advanced methods to break the boundary between life and death.”

“You’re right!” This was exactly what Meng Qi was excited about.

They had barely finished their conversation when two more pearly white light pillars appeared. Meng Qi and Jiang Zhiwei exchanged glances, both feeling relieved.

“We can now discuss what we should exchange for,” Jiang Zhiwei said happily.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79: Fu Zhenzhen
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

A milk-white light pillar appeared in the square before Meng Qi answered. Suddenly, the pillar lit the square and made it solemn.

“Who?”

“Why one more person?”

Jiang Zhiwei and Meng Qi were both confused. It was a single task. Why was there one more person?

The last light pillar disappeared first. Qi Zhengyan was surrounded by red light and looked like a ghost. He stopped slowly Rosy Afterglow Swing and briefed them, “Another leading freshman task was added to my single task. But finally, he was killed by the monster.”

“The freshman? Lead by Senior Brother Zhang?” Meng Qi guessed.

“Yes, you are right, Junior Brother Zhen Ding.” The light pillar around Zhang Yuanshan had disappeared. He wore a Zhen Wu Taoist robe and kept his back high and straight. He looked handsome and manly.

A young lady stood near. She was around seventeen or eighteen years old. She was medium tall and had an oval face and crescent eyebrows. She wore an emerald green shirt and looked gentle and sweet.

Zhang Yuanshan introduced her with a smile. “This is Fu Zhenzhen, a disciple of the North Zhou Dynasty ‘Yinghua Monastery’.”

Yinghua Monastery? Meng Qi didn’t know everything about mainstream martial arts, let alone the Yinghua Monastery. Maybe it was literally a nunnery.

“Zhenzhen, this is Zhen Ding. This is Jiang Zhiwei of the Sword Washing Pavilion. And this is Qi Zhengyan of the Huanhua Swords Sect.” Zhang Yuanshan introduced the three people to Fu Zhenzhen.

Fu Zhenzhen said with a sweet smile, “Hello, sister Jiang, senior brother Qi and junior brother Zhen Ding. You are all so good at mainstream martial arts. It really puts me to shame.”

The others didn’t take him seriously. Meng Qi had seen a great deal of life and ridiculed, “Old Zhang, no, senior brother Zhang, Zhenzhen…”

He deliberately dragged the word “Zhenzhen” out long.

They’ve only known each other a few minutes and he could call the girl by her name. There must be something special. Thinking this, Meng Qi felt like a gossiping girl.

“Oh.” Jiang Zhiwei and Qi Zhengyan got it. Their eyes moved between Zhang Yuanshan and Fu Zhenzhen quickly.

Fu Zhenzhen became red and shy. She looked at her toes. Zhang Yuanshan coughed slightly and he avoided her eyes, “We live in Jianghu and don’t care about these details…”

When they were talking, he thought what he’d said before was a little improper. Then, he became serious and said, “Junior sister Jiang, junior brother Qi and junior brother Zhen Ding, please take care of Zhenzhen.”

Hearing this, Fu Zhenzhen became shyer and looked down.

“Senior brother Zhang, we get it. It’s normal to fall in love.” Meng Qi laughed silkily and thought, the Samsara task can also lead to a romantic relationship. Should the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms change into the host of a big blind date program?

Zhang Yuanshan had fallen in love for the first time. He felt a little nervous from the teasing. “Junior brother Zhen Ding, why do you smile like a flighty monk?”

He almost called him ‘a sensual monk’.

“Really?” Meng Qi touched his face and said, “should I be a kind, matchmaking monk?”

Jiang Zhiwei burst into a smile. The little monk was serious on formal occasions but was humorous sometimes which released the task pressure and general pressure off the team a lot.

Zhang Yuanshan changed the topic. “How many Karma points did you earn? Let’s check what we can exchange.”

He said directly before Meng Qi answered, “I earned three hundred and sixty Karma points in total for side tasks and leading freshman tasks.”

“Three hundred and twenty…” Fu Zhenzhen looked straight at her toes and whispered.

Jiang Zhiwei smiled. He didn’t want to make it difficult for Zhang Yuanshan and Fu Zhenzhen. “I completed two side tasks and earned five hundred and fifty Karma points. I also found some mystery scrolls, so maybe over six hundred.”

“So many.” Meng Qi had thought he had the most karma points in this single task. He hadn’t expected that Jiang Zhiwei would have more than him. “I also completed two side tasks and earned four hundred and eighty Karma points. But I owed thirty Karma points last time.”

Qi Zhengyan said in brief, “Three hundred and eighty Karma points plus the thirty left after exchanging Kunlun Crush. Four hundred and ten.”

“Senior brother Qi, is the ‘Book of the Chaos’ spar good for your training?” Meng Qi was curious about the spar.

Qi Zhengyan shook his head, “The spar will break once the magic power within is absorbed. According to the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms’ suggestion, if you want to own the spar with magic power and training help, you can have the chance to get it in the task world.”

“A task can earn the ‘Book of the Chaos’. The difficulty…” Meng Qi thought and felt his scalp go numb.

Suddenly, the grand, cold voice of the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms reverberated, “Task evaluation: Jiang Zhiwei and Zhen Ding are ‘medium’. These two people have no signing opportunity and are awarded thirty Karma points. The rest of you are ‘general’.”

“It was a pity that I didn’t have time to find treasures. Otherwise, I would have the signing opportunity…” Meng Qi sighed secretly.

Meng Qi had had five hundred and ten Karma points. Thirty Karma points had been dropped. He had four hundred and eighty left. Jiang Zhiwei had five hundred and ninety Karma points. Zhang Yuanshan had three hundred and eighty Karma points. Qi Zhengyan and Fu Zhenzhen’s Karma points stayed the same.

“Let’s decide what we need to exchange,” Zhang Yuanshan said. He didn’t want to change the topic.

Jiang Zhiwei smiled, “Wait a minute.”

“What?” They all looked at him in confusion.

Jiang Zhiwei looked at Meng Qi. “Can I say it now?”

It was about Meng Qi. She herself couldn’t make the decision.

Hearing her question, Meng Qi soon understood. He smiled with relief. “I earned a strange magic power. It can stimulate the Primal Aperture at Mid-brows.”

He talked about the Transformation Strategy in brief. Meng Qi was quite clear that if his fellow became stronger he would be safer. As long as the conversation was not about core power and safe strategy, the sharing would be good for the present situation. However, the truth about the Jade Buddha was too strange. Last time they hadn’t known yet. Meng Qi decided to keep it a secret and consider it when he had more clues.

“This magic power can interfere with the enemy’s five senses and cause hallucinations. It is of great help in fighting before Half-step Exterior Scenery. Junior Brother Zhen Ding, can we exchange it with Karma points? It is better to exchange with us than the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms.” Zhang Yuanshan understood the value of ‘Transformation Strategy’. He exchanged a look with Fu Zhenzhen.

“I agree with him,” Qi Zhengyan held the same view. His ‘Primal Acupore at Mid-brow emphasized the internal and external induction. His ‘White Cloud Smoke’ could blind and hinder enemies. But these were the other kind of magic power. They absorbed and exercised energy from the sky and land to work but couldn’t stimulate the Primal Aperture at Mid-brows.

Meng Qi smiled, “Since I decided to say it, I had prepared to exchange. But I couldn’t give it to you without return. To be honest, I am not so cruel, but I think it is better to make rules. I don’t care about common cheat codes, but it did take great effort to earn it. I also need Karma points. It seems unfair to share with you for free or just conceal it. I think both of them are harmful to our team growth, development and cooperation.”

Surprised, Jiang Zhiwei looked at Meng Qi with gratitude. She had planned to say it. She hadn’t expected that he would say it directly. Now, if the others felt displeased about it, they would be mad at him instead of her.

“Yes, you are right, junior brother. I agree with you.” Zhang Yuanshan smiled in relief. Fu Zhenzhen had just met them for the first time and didn’t feel bad. They were not familiar with each other, so the atmosphere was normal.

Qi Zhengyan nodded slightly and didn’t feel bad about this suggestion. Most people would think about the future when he or she had the mystery scrolls. Only a low person would want others’ mystery scrolls for free and hide theirs in the future.

Meng Qi was pleased with the atmosphere now and smiled. “If I exchange ‘Transformation Strategy’ with the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms, I will earn two hundred Karma points. But I have shown all of you. Maybe it’s worth ten to fifteen Karma points now. Each of you gives me fifty Karma points.”

Zhang Yuanshan and the others didn’t say more. They gave their Karma points to Meng Qi and got the copy of ‘Transformation Strategy’ in return.

“Transformation Strategy is the enlightenment period martial. It has been shared four times so it’s now worth ten Karma points.” Meng Qi finally threw the shared strategy to the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms’ and earned Karma points. Now he had six hundred and ninety Karma points in total. Jiang Zhiwei exchanged many common scripts with the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms and earned eighty Karma points. Now she had six hundred and twenty Karma points in total.

Zhang Yuanshan still had three hundred and thirty Karma points. Qi Zhengyan had three hundred and sixty. Fu Zhenzhen had two hundred and seventy.

“Let’s decide what we will exchange.” Meng Qi had more Karma points suddenly and was ambitious.

Jiang Zhiwei glanced toward Fu Zhenzhen and said, “Zhenzhen first. We don’t know what she is good at or what she wants to exchange.”

“I have an advanced success of Qi-cultivation. I need to concentrate on the Eye Aperture, so I want to exchange a Heavenly Acumen Pill.” Fu Zhenzhen said gently. She wasn’t shy anymore.

Zhang Yuanshan added, “Zhenzhen is interested in medicine. Yinghua Monastery was good at curing, but she wasn’t in the sect and she couldn’t exercise it. This script has three parts and the first part needs nine hundred Karma points. Maybe next time. Do you know such scripts?”

He thought about what he knew. Some were common, and some were too insidious. The rest were too expensive.

Jiang Zhiwei and Qi Zhengyan were lost in thought. Meng Qi said, “If you want to save people and earn poison, I know a script that doesn’t cost too many Karma points.”

“What?!” Zhang Yuanshan knew that Meng Qi had studied the ‘Exchange List’ intensively and knew more than the others. The Exchange List recorded a lot of things. Most of them were hardly remembered except for a little part at the top of the list.

“The Chapter of Medicine King.” Meng Qi said it directly. It was good to have a teammate who was good at curing.

The Medicine King Chapter was from the Young Flying Fox. Ninety percent of it was used for curing and the rest contained many kinds of poisons.

Zhang Yuanshan searched in the jade books and suddenly his eyes lit up. He clapped his hands and smiled, saying, “Zhenzhen, what do you think of it?”

The Medicine King Chapter was worth one hundred and fifty Karma points. Fu Zhenzhen could afford it. Of course, if she couldn’t afford it, Zhang Yuanshan would help.

Fu Zhenzhen looked carefully at the description from the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms and she said happily, “That is fine. It can summarize the medical theory and poison theory.”

The medicines in the Medicine King Chapters were common compared with the exotic flowers and rare herbs in the true world. But the medical theory and the poison theory could be used widely.

Then Fu Zhenzhen exchanged a Heavenly Acumen Pill, the Medicine King Chapter and a bottle of Ganoderma Elixir of Restoration, using up all of her Karma points.

“Little monk, what about you?” Jiang Zhiwei asked Ming Qi. She just wanted something simple and was not in a rush.

Meng Qi stopped and thought, “Right now, which one is more suitable for me? A saving script like the Skyscraping Devil Breaking or a helping script to improve myself?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80: Meng Qi’s Selections
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

“Why not choose both?” Qi Zhengyan asked in confusion. Meng Qi had 690 Karma points. He could certainly afford to exchange for both.

“I have concentrated six Aperture acupoints including Eye Aperture, and who knows how long until the next mission will begin,” Meng Qi said seriously. “Therefore, I need to exchange for a Heavenly Acumen Pill and manage to step into the enlightenment period before the next mission. Besides I need to fill up the Pearflower Needles, and I also want a Lightness Skill to increase my speed, and a Refined Weapons Level Commandment Blade.”

He smiled wryly and waved up his damaged Commandment Blade, which was made of Hundredfold Tempered Steel. Cui Xu had opened the Secret Chamber of Spirit, as well as that of Qi, so he’d had ebullient inner force imbued into his sword. Thus, Meng Qi’s blade was badly damaged. If Cui Xu had had a sword of the Refined Weapon level, he would have split Meng Qi’s blade directly in two.

The enemies encountered in the Samsara mission had been stronger after each task. Meng Qi was afraid that in the next mission they would meet many enemies with Refined Weapons. Then he would have to protect his blade with his genuine Qi to make it rival with his enemies’, and his combat power would be compromised. In addition, he couldn’t get a Refined Weapon from Shaolin for he was still an unenlightened acolyte. In order to choose one in Shaolin, he had to break through Bronzemen Lane and peregrinate downhill.

According to Jiang Zhiwei, Meng Qi knew that the classification of weapons and items in his world was similar to that of the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms. The most humble weapons were “common weapons” used by commoners, street villains and Jianghu heroes of the lowest class. The Hundredfold Tempered weapons were much better. They were used by normal martial artists, disciples of common sects or elites at court, and forged by decent smiths. They were normally worthy of hundreds of taels.

The Refined Weapons were relatively few, for they needed particular metals, wood or other materials which were relatively rare. The forgers themselves should also possess great inner power and knowledge of manipulating Earth Fire and other kinds of Fires. Therefore, only reputable Jianghu heroes, leaders and key apprentices of common sects, direct heirs of mainstream martial sects, members of aristocratic families and elite king’s guards could be expected to own them.

Every Refined Weapon had its specialty besides sharpness, for they contained different materials. For example, when Sun-penetrating Rainbow, the sword of Jiang Zhiwei, was used to cut normal iron, it would make one feel like they were cutting mud.

The Refined Weapon level also contained some special components, such as a ring that could blow fire, a bracelet that could freeze the enemy, etc… Meng Qi thought they should be called magic implements.

Superior to the Refined Weapons, the Precious Weapons could incite changes of the sky and earth. They were not created by mortals. As for Magical Arms and Peerless Godly Weapons, Meng Qi had read their descriptions from the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms and found they embodied Dharma, Truth, or even Logos. They were formidable.

“Yes, a Refined Weapon is very important.” Zhang Yuanshan tapped his waist and his long sword stuck out with a clank. The fog emerged around it, rendering the sword a clouded Chinese dragon. “After having solidified my foundation, I finally made the first step into Zhen Wu Sword Art. My father was so elated that he gave me his sword, Winged-python Sword, which he used to establish his fame when he was young. Without it, it would have been much harder for me in this mission.”

“Why Lightness Skill? You already have Lightning Changes.” Jiang Zhiwei asked Meng Qi after contemplating.

Meng Qi had considered strategically. “Lightning Changes was good at dodging and changing. It was relatively a good one among the Lightness Skills, but after the Enlightenment, its resulting speed and charge effects would be far weaker than other skills. By then, if I cannot win a combat, I need to be able to escape.”

Jiang Zhiwei was closer to Meng Qi, so she spoke her mind directly. “Actually, I suggest that you choose a martial art which is able to improve your body potential. Those ones are not common, but it is essential that you improve your body potential as early as possible. With this you would have deeper foundation, a broader path and better achievement. If you improve it when you are older, it will not be as effective.”

“Lightness Skills specializing in speed, or skills like Sky Demon Butchering Mighty Art. You should choose either, as a skill to save your life in the future. Overlap would be wasteful.”

“If you are successfully enlightened this time, you won’t be so exhausted as before after performing Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship. And with Pearfower Storm Needles, you will not be weak if you fight a vital combat. Skills like Sky Demon Butchering Mighty Art could be redeemed next time.”

Most Kung Fu referred to as “Supreme Arts”, when practiced, would also improve one’s body potential. Potential was not congenital and immutable. But many stages of a certain supreme art often required a certain level of body potential, so sometimes one would need more time to practice and improve his physical body in order to enter a new stage.

Therefore, all sects and schools loved to choose disciples with outstanding body potential as their apprentices to inherit their fundamental martial arts. Afterward they would pick disciples who were sedulous and committed, and impart to them when they accomplished certain achievements.

The auxiliary arts, used exclusively to improve body potential, were very rare, and of course very expensive.

“I agree with you. The arts that could improve body potential are legendary and wanted by many people.” Zhang Yuanshan was a little sentimental saying this. “Among these arts, the best and most famous one should be the Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture of your Shaolin. Not only could it help improve potential, but it will also help improve the quality of major martial arts you are practicing, as well as lower the difficulty. It is really miraculous. However, the first volume costs ten thousand Karma Points. Brother Zhen Ding, which one are you going to exchange for? Arts of this kind are rare and costly.”

He had paid attention to this kind of martial arts long ago.

Meng Qi had the advantage of already knowing many of the “strange Kung Fu” on the Exchange List. He didn’t need to read carefully about them.

The large number of Exterior Level Kung Fu types was a huge advantage. They didn’t have enough time in the Samsara world and their choices could easily be rash and wrong.

As for Zhang Yuanshan’s questions, Meng Qi smiled and said, “I decided not to choose arts similar to Sky Demon Butchering Mighty Art for the time being. I will exchange for the Chapter of Sinew Changing and Bone Conditioning Chapter of the Yijin Scripture from the Nine Yin Divine Scripture.”

He had intended to choose Internal Force Absorption Skill or Kung Digestion Supreme Art. These Demon Path arts could absorb the energy and blood of others and improve oneself quickly. But they were risky as well. Many people suffered mania during its practice and hurt themselves while hurting other people. They were also relatively expensive. Meng Qi was in Shaolin Temple where it was inconvenient to practice these types of Kung Fu, so he finally gave up.

“Nine Yin Divine Scripture?”

“Bone Conditioning Chapter of the Yijin Scripture?”

They all wondered with consternation and looked through the List.

“It can indeed improve sinews and forge bones, and it costs only 300 Karma Points!” Zhang Yuanshan exclaimed with wonder, which was rather rare for this stoical Taoist.

It could change one’s body potential and cost only 300 Karma Points? They all stared at Meng Qi in shock. How had he found such a cheap type of Kung Fu with this function?

“I ran across it by accident. I was lucky.” Meng Qi had to answer this way.

The Nine Yin Divine Scripture contained two volumes and was worth 900 Karma Points altogether, in which Bone Conditioning Chapter of the Yijin Scripture was worth a third. It really was precious.

“Although the effect is rather limited, it is a good choice anyway. Little monk, you are really blessed by the Buddha.” Jiang Zhiwei put her palms together and made a jest.

Zhang Yuanshan paused for a moment and said, “Junior Brother Zhen Ding, to be honest, I will also redeem this.”

His body potential was not bad, but in terms of his family importance and expectation, he was just normal, especially compared with his fellows Yang Tai, Yang He and the Yao Brothers. So he had always been looking for this kind of Kung Fu, and even thought that if he couldn’t find one he should seek direct improvement of body potential from the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms.

“If the Book of the Chaos isn’t good for improving body potential and my points are sufficient, I might also exchange for this one,” Qi Zhengyan said honestly.

Meng Qi guffawed, “It seems that my choice is smart. I am surely going to have it.”

“What other Lightness Skill are you going to redeem?” Jiang Zhiwei asked curiously. The Little monk could always find something unheard of but plausibly good.

Meng Qi chortled and pointed to the jade-slip scroll. “The first move of Wind-god’s Legs Moves, Wind Arresting and Shadow Catching. It is a tutorial step into a decent Lightness Skill, and costs only 90 points. But if I want to fully fulfill its strengths, I would have to wait until the Exterior level.”

Speaking of 90, Meng Qi wanted to jest with an advertisement slogan: “Only $99, Arresting Wind and Capturing Shadow is yours”.

Wind-god’s Legs Moves were from Wind and Cloud, a Wuxia comic book. The moves took advantage of wind and sped oneself up to meteor speed. Meng Qi thought of nothing else, for he still needed to focus on bladesmanship and the Golden Bell Shield, as well as two auxiliary types of Kung Fu, Sinew Changing and Bone Forging Chapters and Transformation Strategy. So aside from escaping skills, he need not consider other Lightness Skills with palm or leg movements.

Jiang Zhiwei read through the description and nodded. “Not bad. It’s not expensive. You can always find a good one.”

Compared to the methods of improving one’s body potential, leg moves and lightness skills felt more familiar for Jiang Zhiwei and the others, so they didn’t show too much wonder.

“Bone Conditioning Chapter of the Yijin Scripture needs 300 points, the Heavenly Acumen Pill 110, Pearfower Storm Needles 50, and the Wind-god’s Legs Moves 90. Then you will have 140 left to choose a commandment blade of the Refined Weapons level. If your points are not enough, I can lend some to you.” Zhang Yuanshan said to Meng Qi, “Currently I have enough elixir, and only need Bone Conditioning Chapter of the Yijin Scripture, so I will have 30 points left.”

Jiang Zhiwei said, “I think I will have my Nose Aperture opened after the next mission. Until then, I don’t need the Pill of Heavenly Vision and Earthly Hearing. This time I will only exchange for the Ruthless part in the Sacred Spirit Sword Art. You could borrow 20 points from me.”

“My Kunlun Crush is not accomplished yet, so I don’t need to exchange for the fourth layer, Azure Blizzard crystals. But I also intended to redeem for a refined long sword which could subdue demons. Yet in this mission I failed to gain much,” Qi Zhengyan said grimly. “Besides, I also need elixir to assist my enlightenment.”

Meng Qi nodded with a smile. “Then let’s go have all of this exchanged, then I will choose the Refined Weapons with Brother Qi.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81: The Blade
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

At the light pillar in the center, Fu Zhenzhen was the first one to exchange. She got the Chapter of Medicine King , one Heavenly Acumen Pill, and one bottle of Ganoderma Qi Replenish Pills. Zhang Yuanshan and Jiang Zhiwei really only respectively exchanged for the Bone Conditioning Chapter of the Yijin Scriptureand the Wuqing part of the Scripture Sacred Spirit Sword Art (Swords Skills 19 to Swords Skills 22).

Qi Zhengyan thought for a while and only exchanged for two bottles of Hiding And Healing Elixir, for he decided to choose others after he picked up other weapons.

Worth 50 Karma points for each bottle, “Hiding and Healing Elixir” was a common elixir used in the Enlightenment period.

After they finished their exchanges, Meng Qi slowly put the Pearflower Storm Needles into the cloudy light pillar.

“To collect all of the poisonous needles of the Pearfower Storm Needles costs 50 Karma points. Attention please: Pearflower Storm Needles could only be used once again.”

“The Chapter of Sinew Changing and Bone Forging of the Nine Yin Divine Scripturecosts 300 Karma points.

“‘Wind Arresting and Shadow Catching’, the entry-level essentials of the Moves of Wind-god’s Legs, costs 90 Karma points.”

“One ‘Heavenly Acumen Pill’ costs 110 Karma points.”

When Meng Qi took out his hands from the light, the black canister of Pearflower Storm Needles glittered with a silver glow again. Then, two quaint scripts and a waxed elixir appeared in his hands.

Scanning through them, Meng Qi was quite pleased and put them away. The most important among them was the Chapter of Sinew Changing and Bone Forging .

Aside from his good comprehension, he knew that his body potentials were not excellent and only better than ordinary people, similar to Qi Zhengyan. Even with Heavenly Acumen Pills, it was not guaranteed that he could get Enlightened—Qi Zhengyan could succeed in one try, fortunately, but he might not. Therefore, before taking Heavenly Acumen Pills to get Enlightened, he should continue to concentrate the three related Aperture acupoints and theBone Conditioning Chapter of the Yijin Scripture to improve his body potentials to ensure success.

Meanwhile, the practice of Chapter of Sinew Changing and Bone Forging could notably increase his inner force and strength. The display of “Arhat Fists” would not be normal and crude anymore, but simple, unadorned and profound.

“I could select the Refined Weapon now.” Meng Qi grinned, showing his eight white teeth.

“You’re having a happy smile.” Jiang Zhiwei could not bear to banter him when she saw Meng Qi was so happy.

Meng Qi approached them and scanned through the jade-slip scroll. He quickly skipped the front part of Magical Arms, Precious Weapons, and expensive Refined Weapons in fear of being sad for lacking Karma points.

Therefore, Meng Qi just ignored weapons such as “Tiger Soul”, “King Yama”, “Crying Heaven”, “Snow Drinking”, “Dragon Killing Blade”, and so on. He stopped at the chapter of the “Refined Weapons”, where the weapons cost less than 300 Karma points.

He hesitated to exchange the first four scripts of Golden Bell Shield with the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms because Master was so nice to him. If he did so, he was going against his principles and could only get 80 or 90-110 Karma points. He could not even exchange Kung Fu, like Sky Demon Butchering Mighty Art. Even though he added his remaining 140 Karma points, he still had less than 300 Karma points.

Thus, he directly read from Refined Weapons that were less than 200 Karma points. If there was something appropriate, he would not violate his principles.

“The Refined Weapon: Oath Sapphires Blade, worth 130 Karma points, could purify one’s heart and resist delusion and **.”

Meng Qi attentively looked and a green Buddhist Commandment Blade with a soft glow appeared above the jade-slip scroll like a real one.

“It’s good…” Because he had suffered a lot from sensual illusions in the task, Meng Qi liked this Oath Sapphires Blade, which could reduce delusion and ** very much.

Jiang Zhiwei said frankly and unkindly, “If you can open your Eye Acupores before the next task, you must acquire the ability to overcome illusions, which equals the effects of the Oath Sapphires Blade.”

“You are right.” Meng Qi nodded softly.

Mentioning Enlightenment now and not at the moment that he exchanged Moves of Wind-god’s Legs was because Meng Qi thought that it still took a year or so to be Enlightened. After that, he could read super skills in the Sutras Depository and study Lightness Skills. It would be a waste of time if he did not learn anything. Unlike the ability to detect illusions which he could get directly, he needed to cultivate super skills again after Enlightenment. Therefore, in case of a short interval between Samsara tasks, which could be around the time of Enlightenment, it would be necessary to exchange a Lightness Skill to stay safe.

He continued to read through. Soon, he found another appropriate Buddhist Commandment Blade at the right price.

“The Refined Weapon: Cicada’s Wings Icy Blade, costs 180 Karma points. Made of ice and cold iron from the extreme north, it is transparent and almost invisible. It is also extremely cold. After being hurt, the enemy’s wounds would be frigid and frozen, which would encumber his movements.

“It’s a killing blade without spilling blood.”

Another short blade appeared above the jade-slip scroll. It was transparent and thin as a cicada’s wings. One’s first sight might not discern it. Only by careful observation could one feel coldness from it.

“It’s a good blade, but…” Zhang Yuanshan did not finish his words, but looked at Meng Qi.

Meng Qi sighed and said, “It’s a short blade.”

He was accustomed to his Buddhist Commandment Blade, long blades, so he was not good at using short blades. Although this extremely strange “Cicada’s Wings Icy Blade” was well compatible to Blood Bladesmanship and had the effects of approaching without a shadow and leaving without a trace, his strength and plan was Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship and the skills that evolved from it. So it was not appropriate for him since he was unable to use any kind of blades casually.

“Actually, you should take special enemies into account.” Qi Zhengyan interrupted suddenly.

Meng Qi and Jiang Zhiwei looked at him, waiting for his explanation.

Qi Zhengyan said with a somber face, “I said just now that I encountered many demons with a strong Demon Odor and terrible breath. They were very hard to defeat so I suffered a lot. Thus, I plan to choose a long blade which can repress demons.

“They were demons this time but it could be ghosts, evils, or masters of an evil cult next time. So, besides sharpness, why not consider that aspect, since you decided to choose a Buddhist Commandment Blade?”

“It makes sense.” Meng Qi nodded in agreement.

Jiang Zhiwei nodded and said, “Although some Kung Fu and skills are powerful and unyielding enough to defeat demons or evils, similar weapons are also great choices. Just don’t overlook the requirements of sharpness and sturdiness. After all, we will encounter normal enemies in most cases.”

“Well,” With special needs, it was easier for Meng Qi to find and screen out unwanted weapons. He found an appropriate Buddhist Commandment Blade quickly.

“The Refined Weapon: Red Sun Evil Blade, worth 150 Karma points, is made of subsidiary iron from the edge of lava of Sun Essentials. Later, eminent monks of the Half-step Exterior Scenery chanted and prayed for 81 days to eliminate its violence and ferocity. It can well repress all evils and filth.

“It’s a burning blade that causes great pain for both oneself and your enemies.”

“Red Sun Evil Blade” was a normal-shaped Buddhist Commandment Blade, but it had a light-red glow, decorated with patterns like sutras.

“I want this!” Its introduction turned Meng Qi on, and he decided to choose this Buddhist Commandment Blade.

As for the burning, why should I care since I have accomplished the fourth level ofGolden Bell Shield ?

Since Meng Qi made his decision and this blade was not so bad, Zhang Yuanshan and the others did not have any objections. Jiang Zhiwei lent him 10 Karma points to help him exchange “Red Sun Evil Blade”.

It was burning as if it had just come out of a fire. When Meng Qi clenched it, he felt very hot even with the fourth level of Golden Bell Shield, but luckily he could protect himself from being hurt.

“No wonder it only costs 150 Karma points.” Meng Qi was too fond of it to put it down. Without Golden Bell Shield, he might have needed to use a lot of inner force to wrap his right hand to protect himself from being hurt by that “Red Sun Evil Blade”. In that case, he would lose almost half of his strength.

“Without this flaw, ‘Red Sun Evil Blade’ might cost at least 200 Karma points.”

Later, Meng Qi and the others began to help Qi Zhengyan find a long blade to repress demons. Finally, they found a dark red sword with patterns on it.

“The Refined Weapon: Golden Dragon Stripe Sword, worth 250 Karma points, is made of a red gold that was rolled by a dragon. It vaguely has the power of the god of demons, which can not only repress demons but also affects most of its enemies.

“It is a sword of authority.”

Qi Zhengyan was quite satisfied with “Golden Dragon Stripe Sword”. His Karma points were enough, so he exchanged it without hesitation.

When the long sword was taken out from the light pillar surrounded by immortal air, Meng Qi, Jiang Zhiwei, and Fu Zhenzhen all felt a royal and dignified, but terrible, light air. It seemed that they were all shocked by it.

“Clank!”

“Winged Snake Sword” at Zhang Yuanshan’s waist, roaring like a dragon, seemed to dash out of the sheath to compete with “Golden Dragon Stripe Sword”.

“Good sword! Good sword!” Seeing such a good sword, Jiang Zhiwei was delighted and her eyes brightened up. With a clear voice, she could not help but praise it.

Qi Zhengyan touched the long sword with two fingers and showed a kind of joy on his face which did not have any expression before. As a swordsman, a good sword belonging to him was like a second life.

Of course, after he turned to cultivate Book of the Chaos , he was not a pure swordsman anymore.

Suddenly, the grand, cold voice of the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms reverberated:

“Exchange completed. Put away your items and return to your own world.”

Hearing this, it occurred to Meng Qi that he was “isolated” because of Zhen Yong’s stealing incident, and he would be considered as his accomplice if he had lots of scrolls of mystery with him. But if he left them in this world, he did not have to remember them. How could he practice then?

Therefore, he asked the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms whether he could ask for permission in advance for entering this world again during the midpoint.

The voice of the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms was still cold:

“You cannot enter Samsara World in the intervals between two tasks of Samsara unless you exchange Karma points for cultivation time and decide on the date you plan to enter this world.

“But when you return to your world, you can send an inanimate and specified object to a specified place once.”

Hearing the latter sentence, Meng Qi was relieved. He put “Red Sun Evil Blade”, Pearflower Storm Needles, and his white frock in his room, changed into a gray frock and took another Buddhist Commandment Blade—not taken by others, his package was transmitted back at the same time. There were green normal clothes, gray frocks, bamboo hats, and a spare Buddhist Commandment Blade in it, so he did not need to exchange anything with Karma points.

Then, he asked the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms to put things like theChapter of Sinew Changing and Bone Forging and Heavenly Acumen Pills into the tree hole of the Bodhi tree in Xuan Bei’s yard.

A white light flashed. Meng Qi seemed to sleep for a while, but soon opened his eyes. He was already back in his meditation room.

“President Wu Jing, Zhen Ding and Zhen Hui are inside.”

At the moment, the voice of Zhen Miao reverberated in the yard.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82: Inquiry
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

President Wu Jing?

Hearing this name, Meng Qi shuddered and his heart palpitated with fear. Wu Jing was the President of Commandment Hall!

Though he was the youngest among the Wu generation, his cultivation was outstanding. He was almost as competent as the presidents of Dharma Yard and Bodhi Yard. He was also on the Terrestrial Rankings and was known for his keen pursuit of justice, discernment of subtle evidence, non-indulgence, and intransigence. He was the most formidable eminent monk in Shaolin.

The president of Commandment Hall will be inquiring Meng Qi in person. Just what were they suspecting of him?

Falling into a state of uncertainty, Meng Qi saw the door of the meditation room open with a draft of wind. Zhen Miao walked in first, followed by Xuan Kong with a malicious expression. They separated and stood some distance from each other, deferentially making way for another person. A yellow-robed monk walked in, a red cassock slung over his shoulder.

He was around 40. His skin was deeply tanned. He was ordinary-looking, with sharp facial features.

As the president of Commandment Hall, he was staid and reserved, unlike his subordinates who always subconsciously put on harsh expressions. He did not smile much, but his eyes were full of acuity and grimness.

“This is the President of Commandment Hall, Master Wu Jing.” Zhen Miao made the introductions to Meng Qi and Zhen Hui.

After the greeting, Meng Qi immediately felt the suspecting eyes of Wu Jing on him. Like a blade piercing into his flesh, like a glaring sun irradiating the snow, Meng Qi felt like Wu Jing’s eyes saw through all his secrets.

Wu Jing withdrew his gaze and stared into Meng Qi’s eyes. With a deep voice, he asked,

“Zhen Ding, where did you learn Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship?”

“Ah?” Meng Qi was shocked, his heart surging with terror. He could not believe such a normal wound could betray his secret.

Xuan Kong looked at Wu Jing and saw him nod. He turned to Meng Qi and spoke seriously, “How can a frog at bottom of the well picture the immensity of the earth and the sky? Providential Sight and Omniscient Hearing are more than legendary stories!”

“Without any concealment, you’ve hacked right into Zhen Chang. How could the president not recognize Peace Quietude Split, the first move of Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship?”

“Speak! Where did you learn Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship? Did you conspire with Zhen Chang and Zhen Yong to steal the scriptures, and then turned on each for the share? Did you stash away the copy of Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture?”

The barrage of questions was like bombs exploding in Meng Qi’s heart. Though he knew Shaolin was guarded by many masters of the Dharmakaya level, he still did not act carefully enough.

“I, I…” Meng Qi was brainstorming for an excuse. The danger of being obliterated by the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms was like a pike prodding his back. He could not simply tell the truth.

“He learned Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship through accidentally watching our master practice it.” Zhen Hui spoke out of nowhere with his ingenuous expression, ignorant of the severity of this affair.

“Accidentally?” Xuan Kong repeated, sneering. “Who can learn an Exterior level blade move through Gist of Trueness simply through accidentally watching someone practice?”

Zhen Ding must have learned the Gist of Trueness of Peace Quietude Split because he was able to wound Zhen Chang, who had achieved primary levels of Luohan Exorcism Supreme Art and Prajna Palm.

Hearing this for the first time, Zhen Miao looked at Meng Qi in awe. No wonder he could wound Zhen Chang! But Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship ought to be imparted privately. If he could learn the Gist of Trueness in such a short time, his talent for bladesmanship should be on a prodigious level!

After all, Meng Qi had confronted death and other hazards before, so he collected himself quickly and tried to be assertive. “President, Uncle Master Xuan Ku, it’s true. It seems that I have a particular affinity for Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship. After seeing my master practicing it by accident, I contemplated on it while practicing in the stupa, where I was assigned to practice Golden Bell Shield. The overwhelming mortal dust in my mind at that time was like a burning furnace, in which the Gist of Trueness of the Buddha was forged somehow.”

If he were Zhen Miao, he would not buy his own words. But this was the only possible way for him to argue.

“Is there any relationship between Golden Bell Shield and Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship?” Xuan Kong’s face showed dismissal.

But Wu Jing answered approvingly, “Tell me more about your experience.”

Meng Qi hurried to describe his experience. Since his experience was true, he could give especially detailed explanations.

While Meng Qi was talking, Wu Jing was staring at him. The pupils deep within his eyes seemed to be concentrating with golden light.

Wu Jing nodded when Meng Qi was done talking. “This is truly your experience of learning Gist of Trueness. But you’ve indeed lied about having seen your master’s practice by accident. No one can learn Gist of Trueness only after seeing the bladesmanship once.”

He was rather assertive. Meng Qi was not sure whether his judgment was out of common sense or his concealed Heavenly Knowing skill.

“President, may you be just. It’s true.” Meng Qi was afraid of even looking at Wu Jing.

Wu Jing kept silent for a while. While Meng Qi was wondering if he would extort a confession from him with Heavenly Knowing or Kung Fu like 13 Soul-plundering Hands, he suddenly spoke. “Rights and wrongs are already predestined. No one who distorts truth can ever escape punishment. Come with me to Great Buddha’s Hall. You will be interrogated by His Abbotship and the other Elders. Think of the consequences along the way. Put down the slaughtering knife, a buddha may arise inside you.”

He then walked out. A smug smile appeared on Zhen Kong’s morose face, suggesting that he knew Meng Qi would be found guilty as expected.

Facing Wu Jing whose strength was considered top class even among the Exterior level masters, Meng Qi naturally dared not defy him nor escape. He could only calm himself down and follow him. He consoled himself that the secret about the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms would not be discovered with Providential Sight. He was not at all worried about the charge of conspiring with Zhen Yong and Zhen Chang. Since he was innocent, he was not afraid of Heavenly Knowing or other scary skills.

In a daze, Zhen Hui followed as well, not at all realizing that Wu Jing had only questioned Meng Qi alone earlier.

The evening breeze was cold. Walking slowly, Meng Qi concentrated his mind and rid himself of fear and fright.

At that moment, Wu Jing turned back and gave him a look, seemingly having detected the change in his mood.

…

In Great Buddha’s Hall, Meng Qi saw Abott Kong Wen for the first time, also known as the legendary Dragon-subduing Arhat.

The color of his face was a faint golden and his long white brows were drooping. He was thin, with a heavy string of huge beads slung over his chest. Holding a cane with nine tin rings, he stood there looking like the true epitome of detachment from the secular world.

There were also some monks wearing red cassocks, of which Meng Qi knew only a few: the President of Bodhi Yard, Wu Si; the Elder Wu Xiang and Wu De; his own master Xuan Bei.

After greeting the Abbot, Wu Jing briefed them about the whole affair, including his judgment through Heavenly Knowing that Meng Qi had lied.

Wu Xiang, Wu De, the Elders, and the Presidents all nodded and showed trust in Wu Jing. Even if Patriarch Dharma himself reincarnated, before he claimed Dharmakaya, he would also not be able to learn Gist of Trueness of a blade art only through seeing someone practice it once by accident.

“The Buddha is lenient and willing to save every soul. If you sincerely repent, your sin will surely be redeemed.” Wu Jing turned to Meng Qi, eyes like lightning.

Meng Qi looked at his master Xuan Bei, who looked expressionless. Just as he wanted to speak, another Elder came in.

“Amitabha Buddha. Your Abbotship, for your information, we haven’t found the copy of Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture down the Body-renouncing Cliff, nor other supreme arts or secret scriptures. Perhaps they were melted in the poisonous lake.”

“There are numerous poisonous creatures under the cliff. Many donors who cultivate poisonous Kung Fu like practicing there. We didn’t forbid this, only admonish that they kill less and commit less evil,” Wu Si, President of Bodhi Yard, said placidly. His brows and beards were all gone, like a stark tree without leaves.

Meng Qi knew what he was suggesting. It was likely some expert of the Exterior level practicing poisonous Kung Fu had received a grand gift that fell from the heaven.

“Amitabha Buddha. Wu Ding, take several Elders with you down the cliff and inquire those donors about it,” Abbot Kong Wen said calmly.

Wu Ding was the President of the Sundries Yard, which also included Reception Yard and Chores Yard.

Xuan Kong suddenly spoke, “His Abbotship, Elders, perhaps the parcel had never fallen down the cliff.”

He was implying that Meng Qi had stashed the parcel away.

“Zhen Ding, where did you learn Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship?” Wu Jing asked again, with a more intense tone. “Did the Muscle-bone Strengthening Scripture really fell off?”

The loss of the copy of the scripture made Meng Qi shudder with cold sweat. Could it be that he really could not prove his innocence this time?

Meng Qi calmed himself. Under the looks of strictness, indifference, and clemency, he said, “Your Abbotship, Elders, the scripture has indeed fallen off.”

“Zhen Ding, where did you learn Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship? Monks are not allowed to lie!” Wu Jing was even sterner.

Meng Qi’s heartbeat thumped even quicker. He was hesitant if he should continue to insist or make up other excuses. His palms were oozing cold sweat.

Under such pressure, he could not help feeling flustered.

Just as he clenched his teeth and got ready to tell them another reason, he saw his master Xuan Bei walked out of the line of Elders and kneeled before Abbot Kong Wen.

“Your Abbotship, I plead guilty. I’ve illegitimately imparted Zhen Ding with Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83: Punishment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

All people fixed their eyes on Xuan Bei. Some were suddenly Enlightened, some were puzzled, and some were frowning.

“What?” Meng Qi looked at Master with astonishment and did not understand why he had to bear the sins that had nothing to do with him. Should Master not be even more eager to figure out where his “Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship” was learned from?

“Amitabha, guilty of sin.” Kong Wen said “Amitabha Buddha” in a low voice with drooping eyelids, there was no joy on his face, but a plain and merciful expression.

Wu Jing, as the President of the Commandment Hall, looked sharply at Xuan Bei. “Xuan Bei, why did you privately impart ‘Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship’ to Zhen Ding?”

There seemed to be other golden pupils condensing in his eyes, looking like Buddha or a god.

Xuan Bei raised his head and frankly looked at Wu Jing. “Zhen Ding loves bladesmanship, so I studied a lot of bladesmanship to instruct him later, but he saw me practicing ‘Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship’ by chance and he highly respected and desired for this bladesmanship, he also showed talent in this bladesmanship. I cherish the talent and couldn’t bear delaying his blade cultivation. I also considered the progress of his Golden Bell Shield so that Enlightenment should also be done reasonably. Thus, I lost my head for that moment to privately impart the ‘Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship’ to him.”

Wu Jing did not seem to discover some clues, while Xuan Bei spoke fairly and reasonably. Everyone knew that Zhen Ding completed the first four levels of Golden Bell Shield within three months and Enlightenment was only a matter of time. Borrowing Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship in the Sutras Depository to read would privately cover the things in the past, but nobody could think of the fact that Zhen Ding would encounter the need to use “Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship”. Under normal circumstances, he would never need to attack without reservation, even after he stayed in the temple for 100 years.

“Is that right?” Wu Jing turned around, looking at Meng Qi.

Meng Qi was aware that lying could not conceal anything from Wu Jing, so in that case, he followed the words of Master and looked at Wu Jing without timidity. “President, thanks to the love of Master, I could grasp the ‘Peace Quietude Split’ preliminarily, which absolutely had nothing to do with Zhen Yong and Zhen Chang.”

His every word was true, but his candid meaning would be completely misunderstood by other people who heard that—Meng Qi meant that if Xuan Bei did not drill the bladesmanship for speculation in the practice of Golden Bell Shield, the incident of grasping “Peace Quietude Split” would have never happened. After hearing that Xuan Bei told the story of private instructions to him, they would only think that he was saying that one could master the first movement of “Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship” only with the private instruction of Xuan Bei.

As for the collision between Zhen Yong and Zhen Chang, Meng Qi had a clear conscience and put it openly.

Wu Jing lightly nodded without any other words, turning around and saying to Kong Wen, “Your Abbotship, Xuan Bei violated the commandments to privately instruct esoteric skills, which should be heavily punished. And although Zhen Ding knew he shouldn’t, he still practiced the ‘Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship’, which should also be punished.”

“Wu Jing, you are the President of Commandment Hall, what’s your opinion on how to punish them?” Kong Wen calmly asked.

Wu Jing pondered and said, “Xuan Bei should be flogged 100 times and copy down the Prajna Sutra 100 times. He shall not be admitted into the Sutras Depository for five years and not learn other new skills or Kung Fu.

“Zhen Ding should be flogged 20 times and copy down the Prajna Sutra 10 times. He shall not be allowed into the Sutras Depository before the opening of the Four Apertures.

“Zhen Ding and Zhen Hui discovered the theft of Zhen Chang and Zhen Yong, which was a feat. Please determine the reward, Senior Brother Wu Si.”

His consistent idea was that errors must be punished and merits must be rewarded, but merits could not counteract errors to avoid knowingly breaching the precepts.

As for this punishment, Meng Qi, who indeed “stole” the “Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship”, secretly took a breath. If the matter of the “Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms” was discovered, he would die without a burial ground. And if he did not confess the matter of the “Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms” and the theft of Zhen Yong and Zhen Chang, then he must be involved in these things. Therefore, it did not matter if he was to be flogged 20 times and had to copy the scriptures 10 times because, after all, he was equipped with Golden Bell Shield.

Not being allowed to enter into the Sutras Depository before opening the Four Apertures was a relatively heavier punishment. Meng Qi wanted to read through the experience of practicing “Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship” before when he finished Enlightenment, and then pick two or three secondary skills such as acupoint-sealing, Point Punching, and Soul-Removing. It seemed that the plan had to be postponed, which was not as serious as revealing secrets or being “wronged”.

Kong Wen glanced at the president and other Elders and slowly nodded. “Amitabha, I consent to this appropriate punishment. Wu Si, you decide the reward.”

Wu Si, the President of the Bodhi Yard, who looked like a dead wooden Buddha Bodhisattva, declared “Amitabha Buddha” and said, “Zhen Hui is practicing the ‘Flower-pinching Finger’ and cannot be distracted by other skills, so I reward him with a string of ‘Salvation Buddha Beads’ to purify his heart and spirit and to protect him; Zhen Ding is not admitted into the Sutras Depository before opening the Four Apertures, so I reward him to choose a move or technical supreme art.”

Part of the “exterior 54” supreme arts belonged to the moves, skills, the chapter regardless of spirit sphere or the chapter of Enlightening all the Apertures, and so on. Each of the total five moves just like “Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship” were of the Exterior Level and practicing could be started during the process of energy focusing, but they could only be learned a little and whose energy could not be used fully. It was rare to see somebody like Meng Qi, who realized the Gist of Trueness in one move.

Of course, there were some moves or technical supreme arts with high demands, which could be learned after opening the Apertures or even reaching the Exterior Realm.

Meng Qi was perturbed when first hearing that Zhen Hui was rewarded with Buddha Beads, which obviously was a Refined Weapon. If President Wu Si had rewarded him with a Refined Weapon, the Buddhist Commandment Blade, it would not have been necessary for him to exchange for the “Red Sun Evil Blade”. Fortunately, the words of Wu Si relieved him, and then he began to struggle between picking acupoint-sealing, the supreme art of Points Punching, and the dharma-mukha of Skyscraping Devil disintegration.

There was no need to repeat the moves of image removal or spiritual intrusions when picking only one move, for he owned the Transformation Strategy.

Pondering for a moment, Meng Qi suddenly mocked himself in secret. “I couldn’t even figure out the components of ‘exterior 54’, what am I worried about now?”

“If there is the dharma-mukha of Skyscraping Devil disintegration, then choose it!”

“Amitabha, I have no opinion.” Wu Jing agreed with the reward of Wu Si, President of the Bodhi Yard.

The President of the Commandment Yard, who was responsible for reward and punishment, had no comments, other Elders and the president nodded one after another without objection.

Then Wu Jing said to Xuan Bei and Meng Qi, “Xuan Bei and Zhen Ding privately imparted a supreme art which must be punished in front of the abbot. Xuan Kong and I will not show mercy.”

There were Xuan Kong and him, two monks of the Commandment Yard, staying in the Great Buddha’s Hall.

“I am willing to be punished.” Xuan Bei knelt upright after taking the clothes off of his back.

Meng Qi also did the same thing as him and knelt down, exposing his back upright.

Wu Jing grabbed his hands and the light of colored glaze in front of him seemed to emerge and converge into an imaginary Buddha’s stick, then he flogged hard on the back of Xuan Bei.

“Clank!”

The flogging made a sound just like the morning bell and evening drum. Xuan Bei did not try to resist it with strength, so a scar occurred on his back immediately.

Although he showed a still serious and self-condemned expression without any pain, his face turned pale. Obviously, Wu Jing really did not show any mercy.

Xuan Kong went behind Meng Qi and beat him heavily with a copper stick borrowed from outside the hall.

His Golden Bell Shield could not be wielded when Meng Qi was punished. He could only endure it hard, which turned his skin a little dark golden, and the acute pain went straight into his forehead.

One stick after another led to a few of bloodstains on Meng Qi’s back. His skin would have been split and flesh torn, or even his heart hurt, without the Golden Bell Shield automatically protecting him.

But he still kept his back straight without any weakness in his heart.

What did this pain matter to him? He had been shot like a hedgehog by crossbow arrows and had been stabbed by Cui Xu again and again. When his thorax and abdomen had been slit by a long blade, what did this pain matter?

The 20 strikes one after another soon came to an end. Meng Qi got dressed and slowly rose to his feet, looking at his Master who was still being tortured. He really appreciated him sincerely.

Thanks to my Master who bore the responsibility this time, or it would cause serious consequences.

But why is he so good to us, willing to bear the inexplicable sin?

So how should I explain the matter of “Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship” to him in secret…

Xuan Bei also ended his punishment in a mix of emotions. Kong Wen asked him to lead Meng Qi and Zhen Hui to the yard to take a rest.

The moonlight was bright in the sky in the slightly cold autumn. Meng Qi had been thinking about how to explain it to Master on the way back to the yard.

All of a sudden, Xuan Bei in the front said softly, “Zhen Ding, let bygones be bygones, don’t think about it anymore.”

“Master?” Meng Qi looked at him questioningly.

Xuan Bei walked in the front without turning around. “No matter how you acquired ‘Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship’, it has passed by. I will not ask you about that, just bear the commandments in mind later.

“But I have to remind you, through the matter of Zhen Yong and Zhen Chang, to not be greedy, or you will easily fall into an endless sea of suffering once you are greedy.

“I saved you once but cannot save you forever.”

“Yes, Master,” Meng Qi replied with blurred vision. No matter what his Master thought about and whether he was doubtful or not, he was really touched, at least for this moment.

…

In the Great Buddha’s Hall—

“Wu Si, how to deal with the matter of Jin Gang Temple?” Kong Wen asked Wu Si, President of the Bodhi Yard, like an ordinary chat.

Wu Si pondered for a while and said, “Abbot, we Shaolin sect always act upright, the same goes for this matter. Firstly, monks should be sent to each major sect and aristocratic family to explain the matter and expose it in public. Then, an Elder should be invited to the Jin Gang Temple to interrogate them and figure out how they replied. Finally, whether conquering demons to defend the principle or not could be determined.”

“Unfortunately, I was not there when Zhen Yong and Zhen Chang were killed, or I could inquire about the remnant soul so as to show irrefutable evidence.” Wu Jing, President of the Commandment Yard, without being slightly regretful, said, “But the channels, acupunctures, and flesh of Zhen Yong were left with traces of Kung Fu of Jin Gang Temple, which was undeniable.”

Kong Wen smiled. “They can say that we deliberately made a fake impression or killed the disciples of Jin Gang Temple to pretend to be traitors of Shaolin. However, Wu Si was correct and just did as he said.”

“Abbot, which Elder should be sent to Jin Gang Temple?” Wu Ding, President of the Sundries Yard asked, who was responsible for arranging tasks for monks.

Kong Wen muttered to himself, “Just send him.”

…

“Sacrifice Formula”. Meng Qi selected for a long time in the Sutras Depository, giving up the other magical Kung Fu like “Ananda Finger” and choosing this supreme art.

It was similar to the Sky Demon Butchering Mighty Art, one of the 72 Ultimate Arts, which would not only burn essence and blood, and restore capability, or even improve 30 percent of the strength, but could also concentrate all the strength to hit at once, exerting a horrible effect to conquer demons.

But one would get a severe illness and his Kung Fu would regress, or even break meridian vessels like a disabled person, after wielding that art.

Of course, it would not be a matter if there was a teammate equipped with the “Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms” or other medical skills.

After transcribing a Sacrifice Formula, Meng Qi returned to the small courtyard of Xuan in elation and without any pressure. He saw Xuan Bei waiting there as he stepped into the yard.

“Zhen Ding, pack up,” Xuan Bei ordered.

“Eh?” Meng Qi was confused.

Xuan Bei slightly nodded. “Abbot sent me to Jin Gang Temple to inquire about the robbery, and you and Zhen Hui are important witnesses, so come with me.”

Meng Qi was surprised and delighted. “I can go out of the temple right now?” He thought.

(End of volume one)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84: Border of Immensity Sea
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Quicksand Town was the last community east of the border of the Immensity Sea of Death. Beyond this town was an endless, desolate and morose desert. The few recalcitrant green bushes brought little vividness, instead rendering the Gobi desert drearier and deadly silent.

The West Region was a broad term for the vast area west of the Great Jin Dynasty and the North Zhou Dynasty. It was not an exact name for a whole region. Out of the Jade Gate Pass stood hundreds and thousands of states, as well as ubiquitous deserts and Gobis, among which were some colossal deserts extending tens of thousands of leagues, such as the Immensity Sea of Death, the God-burying Desert, and the Westernmost Desert. However, there were also oases and hidden rivers scattered among the deserts, cultivating a wondrous exotic civilization.

A dynasty ago, an Exterior level master who had roamed in the western regions once said, “The West Regions, on one hand, could be understood as a country or alliance of oases encompassed by deserts and Gobis. On the other hand, it could also be seen as deserts and Gobis scattered among numerous states.” The only exception was the huge snow mountain range, which lay to the north of the region. From the Abyss Sea of Infinity to the Jade Gate Pass, nobody knew exactly how long it was. The whole West Region was segmented by it.

A dynasty ago, an Exterior level master who had roamed in the western regions once said, “The West Regions, on one hand, could be understood as a country or alliance of oases encompassed by deserts and Gobis. On the other hand, it could also be seen as deserts and Gobis scattered among numerous states.” The only exception was the huge snow mountain range, which lay to the north of the region. From the Abyss Sea of Infinity to the Jade Gate Pass, nobody knew exactly how long it was. The whole West Region was segmented by it.

Mixed with rubble and sand, the gust blew a chill into the bones, and Quicksand Town was completely immersed in sand and dust. Range of visibility was within three meters and audibility within eight.

“This is the so-called sandstorm…” Meng Qi had never seen this climate before. Having tightened his thick frock, he wasn’t feeling cold, but shamed for his chivalrous garments which were contaminated by the rubble and dust, making him look like an old decrepit shepherd.

Since the high autumn day when they’d left Shaolin, Xuan Bei had been winding his way at a comfortable speed, giving enough time for other monks who were sent to notify other sects about the affair. Therefore, it wasn’t until the march of spring that the three people arrived at Quicksand Town. The place was still as cold and hard as in winter.

Zhen Hui had his large eyes open, staring curiously at the dust permeating around them. There were some lethargic trees nearby and some camels with bells. He exclaimed with wonder at times.

There were few people on the street of the town, for the residents had already sheltered themselves in their homes from the wind and sand. Only some wandering merchants, peregrinating heroes and travelers were still walking in the sandy wind, towards the only tavern in the town.

“Brother, they look different from us!” Zhen Hui couldn’t help but comment.

Many passersby had tall noses and deep eyes, their irises anomalously colored, quite different from people of the Central Plains. There were even monstrous people with horns on their heads and additional eyes between their brows.

Meng Qi was also bedazzled and did not know how to answer Zhen Hui’s comment.

“Amitabha Buddha. Each place nurtures its own people, so certainly there are differences. Some people in the West Region claim themselves the descendants of Gods and Devils to explain their differences.” Xuan Bei said insipidly.

The people with tall noses and deep eyes were normal natives, but those with horns and additional eyes were the Dissimilated Men.

“Descendants of Gods and Devils? What special powers do they have?” Meng Qi was very interested. He thought perhaps there might also be hidden options on the Dominator of the Samsara in Six Realms’ Exchange List for imbuing the blood of Gods and Devils into him.

Xuan Bei’s clothes were immaculate despite the gust and dust. He said smiling, “Of course they have special powers.”

Talking along the way, they arrived at the tavern. It was a decrepit, sandstorm-stricken three-story house, with a signboard that read “IMMENSITY SEA HOTEL NO.1”.

Meng Qi saw the counter by the door, on which papers, brush pens, ledgers and other objects were scattered in disorder.

The tavernkeeper was a woman in black, twenty-seven or twenty-eight years old. She dressed as a housewife, but her brows and eyes flickered with delicacy and pulchritude like a blooming flower. A woman’s fragrance surrounded her and every guest passing by stared at her, either blatantly or secretly.

She was holding her chin with her right hand and looking sluggishly at the ledger. Her black dress rendered her snow-white face more cold and nonchalant, as if everyone in the tavern owed her 100 taels of silver.

“Amitabha Buddha. Owner of the inn, we seek accommodation as well as meals.” As a relatively reliable apprentice, Meng Qi stepped forward. Actually, he wanted to call her “landwife”, but his master was watching behind.

The woman in black replied indifferently without raising her head, “Five taels a night. Meals depend on what you want.”

B*tch, what are you, a robber? Meng Qi wanted to lecture her about how “the customer is the true god”, but again, his master was behind.

Considering this was the only tavern in the region and there weren’t even any shabby temples, they had a monopoly. Meng Qi glanced back at his master and saw him nod. He took the taels out of his package and put them on the counter. “Here are 15 taels. We want three rooms.”

“Only two left.” The woman in black was still insouciant.

Meng Qi thought okay, for he and Zhen Hui could share one room. It was better than the camping they had tried on the road. “Fine, here are 10 taels. Show us the two rooms.”

He was reaching out to retrieve five taels.

The woman squinted at Meng Qi, “By heads.”

Meng Qi’s mouth jerked and he felt an urge to teach her a lesson, but his master was watching from behind.

After his master showed approval, Meng Qi nodded, “15 taels, two rooms.”

The woman in black slowly collected the taels and said without raising her eyelashes, “West on the second floor, two rooms unlocked. Go then.”

You think I dared not lecture you because you are a beauty! But his master was watching behind… Meng Qi mumbled just as he had numerous times along the road. It had become a virtually involuntary habit.

In the hall of the tavern there was a score of tables, surrounded by crowds. Some were playing finger guessing games, some were talking loud, some were whispering low. The atmosphere was boisterous and convivial.

Some guests wore martial clothes, their faces sand-worn but oozing dignity and richness. Some wore Taoist frocks, showing the air of scholars despite the din. Some had their heads wrapped and bodies cloaked, the typical look of desert tramps. People of the Great Jin Dynasty called the people who lived by doing business in the deserts “desert tramps”, among which many were horse bandits and robbers.

When Xuan Bei walked through the hall with his two apprentices, many guests glanced at them. They found no oddity. They withdrew their eyes and continued their efforts on making noise.

“Five, five, five!”

“Haha, three sixes! Drink three bowls of wine!”

“Damn! Why? I lost again!”

Under such circumstances, a man who looked rather young sipped the wine and frowned. He slammed the bowl onto the table and stood up, scowling, “Keeper, your wine is not strong enough! You adulterator!”

Suddenly all the noise stopped in the hall. People who were guessing fingers, talking, drinking sullenly and eating, all froze as if time had stopped.

The woman in black, the keeper or the keeper’s wife, glowered with round eyes and bristled her thin eyebrows.

“Drink or leave!”

My! Meng Qi almost spewed out his saliva. This landlady is such a shrew!

The complainer had not expected such a reply and stood there petrified.

All people in the hall guffawed, seeming to have expected this already.

“Haha, I’m dying with laughter. Someone dares to yell at Jiuniang.”

“Don’t talk to me. I’m laughing so hard, I’m crying. Where does this young rat come from?”

“Jiuniang has not adulterated wine with water. She adulterated water with… Mmmm, take your hand off my mouth.”

“If I let you speak, you choose to be kicked out or drink her foot-washing water?”

This young man had likely walked into Jianghu for the first time. He was nonplussed facing the situation, his face flushing, he did not know whether to be angry or forebear.

Luckily he had a companion who was a veteran in Jianghu. The veteran whispered some words in his ear and urged him to sit down.

The youngster buried his head and clenched his teeth, but dared not rage. Meng Qi was amazed.

On the stairs, Xuan Bei suddenly spoke in a rare interested tone. “Qu Jiuniang, whose background is unknown, came here and set up the Immensity Sea Hotel. At first, she was alone, and her beauty caused much trouble. But all the people who desired her have been either maimed or killed. Some people’s bodies were shown outside the town, some hung on the hotel banner naked. No one escaped punishment. Afterwards there was less trouble, and everyone knew her as a hard character. Some even suspect her to be a martial pro of the Exterior level.”

“The Exterior? How old is she?” Meng Qi was startled, and satirized to himself: Master, when you talked about the naked bodies, you did not use a merciful tone, which means you still have a mortal mind!

Xuan Bei stepped over the last step, “Maybe 35 or 36. I haven’t used Providential Sight to see her, so I have no idea.”

Eh, well retained! But as a martial pro of the Exterior level, she would maintain her looks even after another decade… Meng Qi nodded slightly.

Outside the room, Xuan Bei turned back to Meng Qi and Zhen Hui, “Your master is going to have a night of study. Do not relax yourselves.”

“Yes master.” Zhen Hui and Meng Qi answered reverently and entered their room.

There was only a bed, a table and two chairs in the room, old but not dirty. Meng Qi and Zhen Hui did not say much. They took the chair and bed respectively and started meditation.

Meng Qi had not been practicing any particular Kung Fu, but focusing on his Primal Aperture. He was pushing his genuine Qi upward to stimulate the “Hidden Latch”.

During this half year, Meng Qi had concentrated the three remaining Aperture acupoints for the Eye Aperture. He had been waiting recently for his body and mind to be harmonized, after which he could find an occasion to use a Heavenly Acumen Pill to make the breakthrough.

His Wind Arresting and Shadow Catching was preliminarily successful, and so were some parts of the Bone Conditioning Chapter of the Yijin Scripture. Even though he had not broken through his level, he increased the power of Golden Bell Shield and Arhat Fists by 30 percent. In addition, after the cultivation of the Bone Conditioning Chapter of the Yijin Scripture, it felt much easier concentrating the Aperture acupoints. Now he was even able to apprehend the evasive and vague Eye Aperture a little bit.

Therefore Meng Qi had not taken any Heavenly Acumen Pills rashly to seek enlightenment when his Aperture acupoints concentrated, but patiently continued practicing the Bone Conditioning Chapter of the Yijin Scripture until he became more sure of the Eye Aperture.

This time Meng Qi felt much more confidence.

Transformation Strategy, however, had produced only modest effect in the beginning. After a period of practice, Meng Qi felt very tired. It was after many days’ persistence and with the effect of the Bone Conditioning Chapter of the Yijin Scripture that he felt something fomenting at his mid-brow.

This was partly good and partly bad, for once his Primal Aperture at Mid-brows was stimulated, the feeling was one of hallucinations. If he was too obsessed over it, he would probably go into Qi-deviancy Derangement. But this hallucination meant that his practice of Transformation Strategy was preliminarily launched.

Therefore, Meng Qi gathered all his attention, ignored this hallucination and continued his practice in the supposed way.

Before his closed eyes was darkness and chaos. He fell into a half-awake trance. Suddenly a waft of genuine Qi pervaded inside, and the chaos exploded. Something golden and round rose up slowly, radiating with glaring brightness.

With this glow, Meng Qi’s mid-brow bulged out. He saw in his mind’s eye a picture around him: a table, a bed, two chairs, Junior Brother sitting on the bed with crossed legs, tea kettle and tea cup on the table…

This feeling faded away in an instant. Meng Qi’s mid-brow was swelling and hurting, so he had to stop. He opened his eyes and saw the real picture, yet he felt something different: what he saw now was not the thing he had seen before. He had developed a new way of looking at things.

“Bingo. Transformation Strategy’s primary level accomplished.” Meng Qi was quite satisfied. This was the level of Frost Herald, who could will the Vital Spirit located at the Primal Aperture at Mid-brows to sense things around and could disturb slightly the sensory organs of others.

Frost Herald was not outstanding. It had taken him over seven years to reach this level. Meng Qi had made it in half a year, which was quite impressive. Meng Qi was confident that at this rate he could consummate his Transformation Strategy in a year. If he exchanged for some auxiliary elixir he would be even faster, and might make it within three or four months.

“Practice in the main world is indeed much faster than in Old Duan’s world… ” Meng Qi stood up alert and looked around, planning to start the 103rd attempt to escape.

As he had accomplished the primary level of Transformation Strategy, he would probably be able to circumvent the spiritual locking of his master.

He launched the Transformation Strategy. With his Primal Aperture at Mid-brows bulging, he projected out his will and wrapped himself, then he moved to the door carefully.

“Senior Brother, if you are going out play, why not bring me with you?” Zhen Hui’s voice suddenly came from behind his back.

Meng Qi’s smiling face suddenly froze.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85: The Crying Elder
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Having quickly withdrawn his expression, Meng Qi turned back and looked at Zhen Hui grimly. “Your Senior Brother is just going down to order meals. Junior Brother, you are at a critical stage breaking into the advanced success of Qi-cultivation. Don’t think so much on playing! Apply yourself!”

Zhen Hui was indeed compatible with Flower-pinching Finger, and at that moment he was about to make the breakthrough. His speed could rank among the first five monks who had practiced Flower-pinching Finger in history.

Zhen Hui nodded heavily and looked at Meng Qi, “Senior Brother, I want a roast lamb leg.”

Meng Qi guffawed, “Haha, there is nothing here but camels and sheep!” After Zhen Hui resumed the meditation, he stepped to the corridor and closed the door. “Junior Brother, I’m afraid your Senior Brother was not going to order a roast lamb leg for you this time. If we happen to meet up in future, I will compensate you with ten roast lamb legs!”

He still knew that it was not very likely to escape from his master, but as a human, one should at least have hope and be optimistic. After several attempts to escape and endeavors in intelligence and bravery, he felt he had gained a lot. It was like an arduous practice and his master seemed to have intended this way, for he hadn’t told Meng Qi that he could not escape but still played this “game”.

Of course, if there were chances, Meng Qi would not let them go. It was merely because he seemed to be targeted by Commandment Yard and the special Kung Fus he learned in the world of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms were very easy to find out. It was risky to stay in Shaolin with such a big secret, so the sooner he left Shaolin, the better.

Meng Qi therefore continued his will-projecting, in which he hid his whole body. Then he walked downstairs.

He took each step carefully for fear of disturbing his master, at the same time he was picturing optimistically the life after his escape.

I will go back once I leave Quicksand Town, and as long as I enter to Kanli City, my master should not be able to find me. Then I will go to Zhen Wu Sect to find Senior Brother Zhang. He is very generous and loyal to friends, and should not mind accepting me. His family was among the three secular surnames of Zhen Wu Sect, so if I am with him I would not need to worry about the elixir. After my Four Acupores enlightened, I will start walking the Jianghu, looking for treasures of the world and make a sobriquet of me.

But Zhen Wu Sect is a main stream martial sect with many ears and eyes, and it has a good relationship with Shaolin. One mistake would betray my identity and cause trouble. Besides counting on others is not proper, for I am a self-respecting person! What about going to Sword Washing Pavilion to find Zhiwei? She should be peregrinating downhill and practice her swordwill. Hey, a fair girl and a handsome boy will unite to make stories in Jianghu! What a lovely and remarkable picture!

Wait, it seems wrong to be remarkable… This would make me taken back to Shaolin in no time. Alas, I had better wait for three or four years until I am taller and look mature enough that most people would not recognize. Then I could find Zhiwei and establish our name in Jianghu.

Sure, then Senior Brother Qi, who should be out of Huanhua Swords Sect after Enlightenment and assigned to guard overseas assets of his sect. There should be nobody guarding him and care about him. Haha, then it is done. I am going to find Senior Brother Qi and share meat and mead with him!

Meng Qi’s eyes shone with elation picturing the bright future. He was going through the hall, then the door of the inn, and then the life of freedom.

But suddenly, a familiar voice came into his ears:

“Zhen Ding, order me an unspiced chicken.”

Unspiced chicken… unspiced chicken… Meng Qi’s expression was dull. He took quite a while to suppress his frustrated mood and answered in a low voice, “Yes, master.”

Sure enough, his master was looking at him behind…

He took several deep breaths and went towards the hall. At that time, lots of the noisy guests had left and some tables were vacated.

“Young master, what would you like?” The errand boy in the hall was rather young with bright eyes and graceful eyebrows and wore a broad smile, who was far different from Qu Jiuniang whose insouciant look meant “Guest of bitches, I am your father”.

“So it is not true that the employees’ attitude reflect their employers’?” Meng Qi thought in amusement and felt brighter in mood. “We would like to have a roast lamb leg, an unspiced chicken… ”

“Sure!” The errand boy then repeated the names of the dishes while mopping the table.

After the order, Meng Qi had some tea the boy served to him. Before he could mourn over the 103rd time failure in escaping, Xuan Bei and Zhen Hui walked downstairs.

“Senior Brother, have you ordered a roast lamb leg?” Zhen Hui licked his lip.

Meng Qi was sad deep inside, but he said emotionlessly, “Yes, I have.”

Xuan Bei was still carrying an air of melancholy. He asked the errand boy who was making tea for them, “Donor, is there any news from the west?”

Since he could not escape anyway, Meng Qi was also curious about this question and looked at the errand boy.

“For your master’s information, except for some horse bandits robbing some caravans, only one major event has happened: the Crying Elder has come back after years of missing, and become the Royal Advisor of Hahler. He is recruiting bladesmen and highwaymen, planning to unite the states and oases in the vast area from the Immensity Sea in the east to the God-burying Desert in the west, and form a whole country like Great Jin Dynasty and Great Zhou Dynasty in your Central Plains.” The errand boy had yellowish pupils and curly hair, which was a typical look of natives in the West Regions.

“This is not bad… ” Meng Qi gave a compliment. If this cause should be accomplished, the Crying Elder would somehow resemble Emperor Qin Shihuang, the founder of the first united nation in Central Plains.

While he was complimenting, he suddenly found something different in his master’s expression. Normally except when he praised Meng Qi and Zhen Hui, he was always morose and melancholic, but at that time his face was as grave as a night lake, and no melancholy was seen.

“Master, do you know the Crying Elder?” Meng Qi could only guess so.

Looking at the teacup in his hand, Xuan Bei signed a bit sentimentally, “The Crying Elder, original name unknown, is a grandmaster on the peak of the Exterior level. He dominates among West Tract of Great Jin Dynasty, Immensity Sea of Death and God-burying Desert, ranking 33rd on Terrestrial Rankings. His best Kung Fus were Violent Sand Super Force and Haunter’s 18 Slaps. A true formidable thug of this time.”

“So awesome… ” Meng Qi was no longer a small monk with little Jianghu knowledge. He knew 33rd was quite an amazing position, for there were merely ten Dharmakaya level masters on Celestial Rankings, so even some hermits and reclusive martial master were included, the Crying Elder was at least within the first 60 most powerful men under heaven.

Seeing the errand boy was tending others, Xuan Bei sighed and said lowly, “Your master’s countenance must have looked bad just now.”

“Master, do you bear hatred to the Crying Elder?” Zhen Hui asked bluntly and loudly without avoiding being heard.

Meng Qi sniggered. It was good to have this pert Junior Brother. Otherwise, he did not know how to ask.

Watching some tea leaves floating up and down in the tea cup, Xuan Bei’s melancholy became thicker. “Your master’s secular name is Tang Zhan. I was a Peerless Master Pro along the Gansu Tract, and one step to be ranked among grandmasters. At that time, I was easily excited by seeing evils. Once I was escorting a friend to the God-burying Mount where the Jin Gang Temple is located, and without hesitation I slew a habitual thug who had raped and killed many heroines in Jianghu.

“Unexpectedly, the thug had a strong master called Heaven Wilderness Highman. This guy was not strong enough to defeat me, but to avenge his disciple, he had attacked my village before I returned. All the people were slaughtered except one old servant with my two childish sons. They were heading west to find me, but unfortunately they were caught up before entering the Immensity Sea… ”

Xuan Bei’s voice was insipid and emotionless, but Meng Qi somehow perceived dense solitude and intense hatred camouflaged deep within.

“After I realized what had happened, I felt disillusioned from a good dream lasted 35 years. My hatred was ignited and aspired for vengeance. However, Heaven Wilderness Highman also had a good master.”

“The Crying Elder?” If Meng Qi could not figure out this, the time he had spent on reading so many novels would be wasted.

Xuan Bei nodded, “I had waited for several years until a chance came and I had killed the whole family of Heaven Wilderness Highman. But then the Crying Elder had been chasing after me all the way to the Central Plains. Luckily His Abbotship favored me and introduced me into Buddhism, and I was secure afterwards. Therefore, if one day you encounter the Crying Elder or his disciples, you must behave carefully.”

The plot was plain without too many ups and downs or description of cruel scenes, and Xuan Bei seemed to have told a story irrelevant to himself.

What triggered him to mention again this suffering was a precaution for alerting his disciples. If the Crying Elder really came back to Jianghu, they must not betray their identities to anyone who could be their potential enemy.

He did not lower his volume deliberately, but all the guests around seemed to notice nothing, as if no one was talking just now.

This force had dumbfounded Meng Qi. It was much stronger than Duan Xiangfei, who had achieved perfect Transformation Strategy. It was nothing similar to mortal Kung Fus.

After the talk, Xuan Bei silenced and focused on his unspiced meal. Zhen Hui was biting voraciously the lamb leg. It seemed that nothing could distract him from the food.

As the atmosphere was grave and weird, Meng Qi had to divert himself. He erected his ear to listen to all kinds of conversations nearby, searching for useful information.

Perhaps it was because the errand boy had mentioned the Crying Elder, the table nearby also started a discussion over this topic.

“I didn’t expect that the Crying Elder was still alive!” a “desert tramp” wearing a turban and black robe said in interest. He had a sabre to his waist. The blade was sharp and shining dim bloodlight.

Another guy dressed as a desert tramp but with beard chortled, “Aye, nine years ago when Su Wuming travelled west, the ignorant Crying Elder went to challenge him. Since then he disappeared and everyone assumed him slain by Su Wuming.”

“It was said that Su Wuming was searching for a holy relic inside the God-burying Desert and had no interest in mock combats. But the Crying Elder took initiative anyway, so he wielded one swordstrike casually. Since then the Crying Elder had been missing for whole nine years,” another “desert tramp” with blue pupils said, smiling, as if he himself were Su Wuming and the Crying Elder was nobody.

Meng Qi was entranced by this story. The master of Jiang Zhiwei was indeed a martial virtuoso. With only one casual swordstrike, he defeated this formidable thug. I want to be someone like him one day!

“Sir, ten taels of silver.” After the dinner the errand boy came for the bill, smiling

This is blatant robbing! Meng Qi understood deeper the nature of this blackhearted hotel. Thinking of the bristled brows of Qu Jiuniang, he realized that his master would not help him about this. So he finally took out the taels. The money was not mine anyway!

“Come with your master to a place.” Xuan Bei suddenly talked and walked slowly out of the inn.

With bewilderment Meng Qi stared at Zhen Hui. But Zhen Hui was still with that innocent look. Meng Qi had to forgo his confusion and followed his master out.

After they left the inn, Qu Jiuniang who had been suspending her expression suddenly raised her head, staring at the back of Xuan Bei and knocked with her finger knuckles on the table, puzzled.

The three “desert tramps” who were talking about the Crying Elder softened their talk and whispered.

“Big bro, I don’t see any rich people. Let’s rob these monks. They seemed to be carrying some fortune,” the desert tramp with blue eyes asked.

The one with sabre shook his head, “Better leave this kind of monks alone.”

“Why? Since when did big bro believe in Buddhism?” the desert tramp with beard asked in confusion.

The desert tramp with sabre was enraged, “I believe in f*king Buddhism? Polish your eye balls and see! These monks of so small group crossing Immensity Sea were usually hard characters. Let’s keep watching the caravan instead. Although it is guarded by more people, we could unite with other horse bands.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86: The Natural Disaster
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On the north side of “Quicksand Town” stood a small mountain. The side facing the Immensity Sea was beaten and weathered. In some places it was polished to a blackish brown color, giving a feeling of mystery to any who passed by.

On the other side of the mountain flowed a stream through a dense forest. At the foot of the mountain was an oasis where the local shepherds would let the livestock graze. It was evening and they were driving their cattle and sheep home.

Meng Qi and Zhen Hui walked slowly with their Master up the mountain path towards the summit. Meng Qi buried his other thoughts and asked with concern, “Master, you’ve warned us to be cautious of the Crying Elder and his disciples. Can you describe them to us? This way we can recognize them and won’t give ourselves away if we run into them.”

Xuan Bei gently nodded. “I was just about to bring this up. The Crying Elder is a Hei Xiao Elder. He often wears a black headscarf and a white robe. His most unique feature is his eyes. He was born with two pupils in each of his oddly shaped eyes. He always looks like he’s crying, regardless of whether he is happy or angry. He is power hungry, and his mood can change in a flash. When he fights, he is brutal. It would be best for you to keep your distance.”

Zhen Hui intently listened to his master. Meng Qi did the same. He did not want to get into a confrontation with his Master’s enemy. He knew his own present skill and strength were no match for the Crying Elder. Were they to fight, the Crying Elder’s mere aura would be enough to defeat him.

“The Crying Elder has three great disciples who have all entered the Exterior. I have already killed the strongest of the three, ‘Heaven Wilderness Highman’.” When Xuan Bei brought up ‘Heaven Wilderness Highman’, a wave of emotion still came over him.

Meng Qi asked with surprise, “Master, the Crying Elder only has three disciples who have entered the Exterior?”

This seemed to be too few. His strength and influence must be greater than this!

“Too few?” Xuan Bei shook his head. “Shaolin is one of the greatest schools of martial arts with thousands of years of history, and has only produced a few dozen who have entered the Exterior. For the Crying Elder, to have three Exterior disciples is a great feat. In addition, he has connections with evil spirit and powerful people that will fight by his side.”

Because Shaolin had many monks who practiced Stark Meditation in isolation, the exact number of those who had entered the Exterior was unclear. Xuan Bei did not want to discuss this with Meng Qi who had yet to reach Enlightenment, so he could only speak about the numbers in abstract terms.

Meng Qi let out a slight laugh. Yet again, his ignorance had embarassed him. “Master, what your disciple had meant was, the Crying Elder only has three disciples, and all of them have entered the Exterior?”

He was trying hard cover up his own ignorance.

Xuan Bei was not fooled. “The Crying Elder is good to his own but he is cruel. He kills any disciples who displease him. Consequently, he only has a few disciples, but those who do remain are outstanding.”

“I understand.” Meng Qi listened and was relieved. It was a good thing he had come back in Shaolin. Had he come back as a disciple of the Crying Elder, he would be in a much worse situation.

“Master, the Crying Elder is so frightening…” The ever dull Zhen Hui was shocked. He had thought that it was status quo for a Master to be good to his disciple, for a Senior Brother to be good to a Junior Brother, and vice versa.

Now you see that things aren’t so simple! Meng Qi thought to himself.

Xuan Bei replied, “The Crying Elder is devious and is on the evil path. Shaolin is on the straight path. Naturally, his ways are different to mine.”

He continued, “The Crying Elder has two disciples remaining. One is the prince of ‘Hahler’, Yan Shiche. The other is a horse bandit who has traveled all corners of the Immensity Sea named Ze Luoju. Both are Top Class Masters…”

He carefully described Yan Shiche and Ze Luoju to his disciples so they would be able to recognize them. Yan Shiche had golden eyes and a red mark between his eyebrows. He had the aura of a god, and although he was in his fourties he looked like a young man. He was handsome, like a god. Ze Luoju wielded a Horseman Sabre. He had a full beard and his left eye had been gouged out by the Crying Elder because he had upset him. He was also known as “Evil Blade of Immensity Sea”.

“Top Class Master” was a standard created by the Great Jin Dynasty while they were making Ranking List of Young Masters. Because it incorporated many commonly encountered practices, many people used it.

After the Exterior were three Celestial Ladders. A qualitative change would occur after the Three-fold Heaven. Once you broke through, your strength would increase significantly and you would acquire Qi deterrence. In the Exterior, those in the Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth-fold Heavens were called “grandmaster”. This type of “grandmaster” was completely different from other “grandmasters” such as Duan Xiangfei and Cui Xu. In the Exterior, those in the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth-fold Heavens were referred to as “Peerless Master”. Those in the First, Second, and Third-fold heaven were known as “Top Class Master”.

At the pinnacle of the Exterior was another world for Half-step to Dharmakaya. Those who got here experienced another qualitative change and were called “Great Grandmaster”. Those in the Half-step to the Exterior were known as “Second Class Master”.

Opening Nine Apertures was considered “Third Class”. Six, Seven, and Eight Apertures was “Fourth Class”. Two and Four Acupores were “Normal”.

Before Enlightenment, depending on your Qi-cultivation and martial arts skill you would be considered “In-class” or “Out-of-class”. So when Meng Qi had exchanged his Iron Shirt, Jiang Zhiwei teased him by saying he was an “Out-of-class Master”.

Meng Qi carefully made note of Yan Shiche and Ze Luoju’s descriptions so he could avoid them in the future.

Xuan Bei did not stop after describing Yan Shiche and Ze Luoju. “The Crying Elder has also killed many of his disciples’ disciples, leaving only a few. Of his grand-disciples, the two strongest are both Nine Apertures Opened. One is the leader of the Seventy-two Villains of Helian Mountain. His name is You Huanduo, also known as ‘Uprising Yama’. The other is a lone bandit called An Guoxie, also known as the ‘White-headed Vulture’…”

He described the Crying Elder’s remaining seventeen or eighteen Enlightenment grand-disciples, emphasizing their distinguishing features. For example, “Uprising Yama” looked like a simple, honest farmer and had a dark thumb-sized mole at the corner of his eyebrow. The “White-headed Vulture”, An Guoxie, was not yet thirty years of age but already had a full head of white hair. He was cruel and loved to torture others…

Xuan Bei’s timing was impeccable. Just as he finished speaking, they arrived at the summit of the mountain. Here stood a number of withered trees.

He let out a gloomy sigh and stopped in front of a crooked tree that resembled the body of a dragon. Quietly, he said, “Your teacher’s two sons are buried here. If they had not died they would have been about the same age as you two.”

Suddenly the mood shifted. Meng Qi and Zhen Hui had nothing they could say; they could only quietly accompany their Master in his sadness.

After an indiscernible amount of time, Xuan Bei finally spoke up. Teasing himself, he said, “My mind is not clear today; I forgot to buy incense and bring the Prajna Sutra to burn here. Zhen Ding, Zhen Hui, go back to the inn and get the Prajna Sutra. On your way back, buy some incense.”

“Yes, Master.” Meng Qi had thought his Master was not one to practice these rituals, but perhaps this was a special case since it was the grave of his two sons. He suppressed his doubts and agreed.

After descending the mountain and returning to Quicksand Town, a startling thought occured to Meng Qi. This was the perfect opportunity to run away!

Master was far away on the mountain top with an occupied mind. All I had to do was getting rid of Junior Brother and I could fly away from here!

“Junior Brother, let’s split up. You go back to the inn and get the Prajna Sutra and I will go buy the incense.” Meng Qi acted on his impulse.

Although he felt sorry to abondon his Master at this time, he couldn’t pass up such a good opportunity to escape!

Zhen Hui did not expect anything; He agreed with a smile and jogged off to the inn. Meng Qi watched him as he went off, let out a sigh, and hurried off in the other direction towards the village center.

A cold wind blew on the mountaintop.

Xuan Bei stared at the withered tree in front of him. Somehow, a string of Buddha beads appeared in his hands.

This was a string of dark golden Buddha beads. There were three black beads among them.

“I didn’t expect that you would come here to kill me,” he said coldly.

“I have to settle my score with you. Just as I was getting over my grief I learned you were headed to the Jin Gang Temple. So I waited here, knowing you would come.” A dark, skinny, hunchbacked old man emerged from behind the tree. It seemed that he had been standing here for a long time.

He wore a black headscarf and a white robe. Each of his eyes had two pupils. The corners of his eyes drooped, giving the impression that he was crying.

Xuan Bei emotionlessly said, “The Crying Elder, you predicted correctly.”

“Did you think that by sending your disciples away you could save their lives? I have no energy for them, but I have a few grand-disciples waiting for them.” The Crying Elder coughed twice just like a weak old man.

His disciples were busy with issues at “Hahler” and the Immensity Sea and could not come away, so he only brought a few grand-disciples with him.

Xuan Bei maintained expressionless. “If I had not sent them away, the aftershock of our battle would destroy them. Down there, at least they have a chance of survival.”

He knew he was not as strong as the Crying Elder, but was not afraid of facing him alone. He could not, however, spend his strength protecting his disciples from the aftershock.

“Are you referring to Jiu Niang? She wouldn’t dare fight me either!” The Crying Elder aloofly raised his right hand and immediately a ring of dark spirits rose up around him. Their screams were ghastly. A weaker person would immediately have his spirit stolen away.

Meng Qi was walking towards the village center when he noticed countless sand tornados rising up near the Immensity Sea. The entire area was filled with them, all heading towards the mountaintop.

The oasis at the foot of the mountain immediately dried up. The livestock and shepherds were mummy one by one.

Meng Qi watched from afar as the dry ground cracked inch by inch, just like a natural disaster!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87: A Fierce Battle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As if the most terrible sandstorm was coming, gravel was like dragons coiling to the sky with the peak of the hill as the core.

In the spiral sandstorm, there was a dark shadow. Vague, distorted and scary, the shadow screamed, pacing to the peak.

It was the “Evil Ghost Soliciting Life” of the “Haunter’s 18 Slaps”, exerted by the Crying Elder with the Violent Sand Super Force!

At the foot of the mountain, an oasis withered in the flying sand quickly. It seemed that the water had been drained from everything. Cattle, sheep and herdsmen stood frozen, skin and muscles dehydrating inch by inch. Black shadows flew out of their bodies, heading to the evil spirits at the peak of the hill.

The surrounding hundreds of kilometers were all like this, the souls of creatures evaporating, land withering.

The land outside, within and beyond Quicksand Town, was also affected by the sandstorm, cracking as if it was too dry.

Pedestrians became motionless, their skin dry and the dark shadow struggling out of their body.

Wind sand hit the Immensity Sea Hotel, making a continuous popping sound. This seemingly shabby inn shook and creaked. It seemed that it would soon crumble into powder and collapse to the ground.

Within the inn, the guests were like the herdsmen, motionless and about to lose their spirits.

“Goddammit!” Qu Jiuniang suddenly stood up, and shouted furiously. “I didn’t do anything to deserve this treatment!”

As soon as she finished, there seemed to be a cold wind blowing over the inn. Guests shivered and awakened, looking at each other, scared. At the same time, the wall stopped crumbling, but still shook under the sandstorm, creaking.

“Fights between grandmasters are so terrible… ” a blue-eyed desert tramp murmured. They had almost lost their souls, though they were dozens of kilometers from where the masters fought. Thanks to the mysterious Qu Jiuniang, they were out of danger.

With a sabre on his waist, the desert tramp leader said, terrified, “Normally grandmasters would conceal their power within a certain area, to magnify the power. But the Crying Elder is an exception. The more souls he gets, the more powerful his Haunter’s 18 Slaps are. Damn bad luck we have!”

They were Gobi Desert horse bandits of the Immensity Sea, under the control of Ze Luoju, the “Evil Blade of Immensity Sea”, from whom they had learned about the Haunter’s 18 Slaps.

“Big Brother, do we need to believe in Buddhism, to dissolve our sins in order not to encounter such unlucky things?”

“Nonsense!”

Meng Qi had been in the middle of Quicksand Town. Dark gold covered his whole body, but it turned dimmer and dimmer, as if it would extinguish at any time like a candle in the wind.

He bit his teeth and tried his best to concentrate. He hadn’t known the extreme powers of masters until today, as horrible as natural disasters!

On the hill peak, Xuan Bei fingered his dark gold beads, whispering scriptures. Light emitted from his hands, which covered more than half of the peak as a Buddhism pure land.

With the clap of the Crying Elder, the evil souls came like a torrential black stream, sometimes screaming and evaporating over the light, sometimes beating the light back.

Xuan Bei was neither happy nor angry. He looked at the Crying Elder calmly. His voice seemed to emerge from his heart,

“Do you know why I gave up the complete Divine Heritage, only to choose the Mo-Ke Exorcism Punch without the important verses?”

The Crying Elder concentrated his gaze, lifting the right palm and pushing the left palm. The wind and sand suddenly fell. The souls seemed to walk between yin and yang, for there was nobody to compete with.

Xuan Bei finished his words and punched as a bead on the Buddha beads turned dark.

The punch seemed to fill the entire world. The fist became transparent and pure without any dust.

His body was shrouded in gold. There were lotuses blooming in the air above.

In the air, the ugly, evil spirits calmly surrounded the golden lotus. A Bodhisattva sat above the lotus, with mercy and compassion to the world. The continuous flow of life and death was in his palm, containing all the mysteries of life and death.

As Xuan Bei’s fist reached its maximum power, the Bodhisattva finally showed his clear appearance, identical to Xuan Bei. But the Bodhisattva was full of compassion, while Xuan Bei looked depressed.

The Bodhisattva’s voice echoed in the air,

“I vow to salvage all the evil spirits from hell.”

“I shall not be a Bodhi until then.”

With the light from the Bodhisattva, resentment faded from the spirits. Serenely, they disappeared into the air.

The sandstorms stopped. The foot of the hill echoed the sound of the Bodhisattva. The withered grass gradually turned green. Undercurrent water flowed. The mummy cattle, sheep and herdsmen came back to normal, rehydrated with souls returned.

Dry cracked land was once again as smooth as before. People in Quicksand Town had escaped from the “hell”, dazed and frightened.

Qu Jiuniang at the inn was surprised, whispering, “Someone was this good at Mo-Ke Exorcism Punch?”

Meng Qi also received the benefits. His body became dark gold again.

Watching the world almost become dead and finally come back to normal, Meng Qi could not help but feel amazed. Nothing could be more powerful than this!

Mo-Ke Exorcism Punch could rotate life and death!

The Crying Elder hadn’t gotten what he wanted. He looked toward the sky and shouted. The voice was loud enough to pierce souls and crack clouds, just as the Ghost King had come to the world.

Black air surrounded him. It seemed that hell was wide open, and evil ghosts were out of control.

Then, he clapped his hands from above. He was “Opening up the Gate of Hell” with the “Haunter’s 18 Slaps”!

Xuan Bei and the bodhisattva behind him still looked how they had before, one depressed, the other compassionate. They blew out their fists “Ushering All Souls to Limbo” of “Mo-Ke Exorcism Punch”.

Meng Qi looked back and saw the hill was surrounded by sand. The blackness and the light seemed to be in a never-ending fight.

He knew that he was not able to get near the Hill, let alone to go and help his Master. If he went there he would only be a burden for his master. Meanwhile his Junior Brother was alone at the inn, inexperienced and not smart. Someone could kill him. Therefore, Meng Qi temporarily abandoned his plan to escape Shaolin, ready to return to the inn to find his Junior Brother.

Under normal circumstances, he would leave without the slightest guilt, but at this time, he couldn’t bear to abandon his Junior Brother who was very close to him.

Moreover, though not willing to acknowledge it, Meng Qi knew that the safest place was the inn where Ms. Qu was. Just in case the dehydration and the extraction of souls happened again because of other enemies, or the Crying Elder.

Meng Qi had to admit that his reasons for returning to the inn were both looking for asylum and for his Junior Brother.

He had just turned around, when he was startled to see a man with a strange appearance standing right in front of him on the windy street.

The man wore a black robe like a desert tramp. He was white-haired but had the face of a twenty or thirty-something young man. It was quite frightening.

“An Guoxie… ” Meng Qi whispered his name, not turning to run away.

In this case, running away would give his back to the enemy, thus providing an opportunity for easy attack, which was the last thing he would do.

An Guoxie, the “White-headed Vulture”, was one of the grand disciples of the Crying Elder, ranking 36th in the Ranking List of Young Masters, with Nine Apertures opened. He was a much, much stronger rival than Meng Qi!

With an angular face, An Guoxie was beautiful in an exotic way. He smiled and joked, “Good luck to get some prey. I may get some praise from the Ancestor for that.”

It was just a cat-and-mouse game to An Guoxie, as his rival was not even enlightened yet.

As he spoke, he fluttered like a vulture, palms shoving and giving out a hot wind. Meng Qi was stuck in the desert. It was hard for him to breathe. His skill was dry, body dehydrated. He felt powerless.

Although An Guoxie hadn’t learned the “Haunter’s 18 Slaps”, he knew the “Violent Sand Super Force” very well!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88: The Vast Gobi Desert
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The transformations of An Guoxie’s palms came one after another, sealing off Meng Qi’s retreating lines. But Meng Qi was not at all phased. He retreated to the left and suddenly front-stepped. His body movements were uncanny to the point of being unpredictable.

Meng Qi was well aware that the power of his 4th level Golden Bell Shield had increased by 30 percent with the integration of the Bone Conditioning Chapter of the Yijin Scripture. But when facing a skilled martial artist with Nine Apertures opened, he could be defeated with just one palm. Hence, he could either avoid battle all together or put his life on the line and go all in and try to find a chance to run away!

With all Nine Apertures opened, An Guoxie’s senses were heightened. He saw through Meng Qi’s dodging paths by the way Meng Qi’s muscles and skin changed. He crossed his palms and blocked the front of Meng Qi’s skull as if the left side of Meng Qi’s face had bumped into his palm.

However, An Guoxie’s palms felt no resistance. It was like striking nothing but air!

He knew something was wrong, and thus retreated his hands to protect his body.

Meng Qi felt his mid-brow swell and a prickling pain in his skull. He had forcefully used the Transformation Strategy to create these hallucinations for a chance to escape. How could he let this opportunity slip away?

Hence, he was steeped in a world of peace and calm until the Buddhist Commandment Blade came at him. Then all sorts of noises and feelings started coming back, disrupting his peace and Zen.

Blade light flashed like a candle in the wind.

In his trance-like state, An Guoxie could make out that a stubborn young man was coming at him with his blade. He had no choice but to face him. The grand-master had said that the one who lost in a battle must die. Even if he were facing his own brother, he could not show mercy.

His palm hit the opponent, but Meng Qi did not resist as he had predicted. He saw only a pair of smiling eyes showing a sense of relief.

Brother!

He felt a piercing pain inside his heart and body, making him come to his senses. He realized that the Buddhist Commandment Blade had already broken the skin on his neck.

Damn Bald Ass!

His spine suddenly started to move and twist on its own accord, like a snake, allowing the Buddhist Commandment Blade to slide past his skin and muscle.

He grabbed the Buddhist Commandment Blade with his right hand.

Even though the blade had cut through his skin and blood was spraying, he was afraid to make a move!

How could a monk who had not yet enlightened the acupores possess such frightening blade skills!

If it were not for his mastery of Violent Sand Super Force, which required the rendering of all his bones, this blade hit would have severely wounded him!

-For a skilled master who possessed the Protective Upstanding Qi, even if the Buddhist Commandment Blade could cut through his Upstanding Qi, his neck would still be protected. At most, the blade could cut his air pipes and severely injure him!

Yet Meng Qi pulled his blade after just one hit and exerted the move “Arresting Wind and Capturing Shadow” of the Moves of Wind-god’s Legs and escaped to somewhere outside the community!

He was so fast; it was like he was riding the wind!

Meng Qi knew that one “Peace Quietude Split” blade strike was not enough to kill this skilled master who had all his Nine Apertures opened, so he had decided in the beginning to defend by attacking first. He knew that if he was quick enough with his first move, he would force An Guoxie to focus on defense and retreat. This would be his opportunity to escape!

He had made good use of the timing!

But he could not escape back to the inn where he had stayed before because An Guoxie was blocking the path. So he had to escape to the Immensity Sea.

After practicing the Bone Conditioning Chapter of the Yijin Scripture, Meng Qi no longer felt exhaustion after using “Peace Quietude Split”. Although he had no strength left to make another of such strikes, he had enough in the tank to exert the move “Arresting Wind and Capturing Shadow” for escape!

Having been baffled by the Transformation Strategy and wounded in the neck by the “Peace Quietude Split”, An Guoxie had instantly fallen into a disadvantageous position, without the chance to even catch his breath. He had depended on the special state of his body to block Meng Qi’s blade. After Meng Qi retrieved his blade, An Guoxie took a step back to catch his breath so that he could gather himself and get into a stance. He was prepared to put an end to this little Bald Ass with his palm.

As he was about to lift his hand to block, he saw Meng Qi disappear to the other side of the street like a gust of wind. Meng Qi’s movements were graceful. He did not stand a chance to chase after him.

“I’m going to kill you! You damn Bald Ass!” An Guoxie screamed, grinding his teeth. He felt like he had been played like a fool.

With the help of the wind, Meng Qi quickly ran off to the outskirts of the community, and into the Gobi Desert. There, sand was swirling in the air, providing a timely cover.

Having learned from the recent Samsara tasks, he constantly changed directions and routes, cleaned up his tracks and created some dummy traces. He was afraid to let his guard down for even a second.

An Guoxie covered his neck with his left hand as blood dripped down. The cut which was so deep that bones were showing was slowly healing, just like in the desert where every trace would be covered up after sandy wind.

“He could actually project his will and create hallucinations? Could it be that there exists a way to break through the Hidden Latch of the mid-brows?” An Guoxie, “The White-headed Vulture”, did not immediately chase after him but instead carefully recalled the details of the battle. There had been an unusual thing.

He had already opened up his Eye Aperture, Ear Aperture, Nose Aperture, and the other six Innate Apertures, which meant he had the ability to overcome hallucinations. He could not imagine how a little monk who had not reached enlightenment could do Will-projecting and disrupt his senses and create hallucinations. He had been blind-sided because of his carelessness. Not only had he lost his advantage but he had almost lost his life.

What he had seen shocked him. “I, with Nine Apertures opened, had yet to break through the life-death Hidden Latch of my mid-brows and link the bridge between heaven and earth so as to step into the Half-step Exterior Scenery realm. Yet a little monk who had not even reached enlightenment could do it? How could this be?”

Could there really be some special training? Or a major secret?

His bladesmanship was scary too. It had the feel of the grand-master’s “Haunter’s 18 Slaps”!

An Guoxie could not help but feel excited when thinking about advancing past his current knot, which was the inability to break through the Hidden Latching of his mid-brow. The anger he felt looking in the direction where Meng Qi had disappeared had now turned into pining and jealousy.

He laughed coldly and said to himself, “You could’ve gone anywhere, yet you chose to escape to the Immensity Sea. You have no idea what’s coming for you!”

He was a bandit who often roamed the Immensity Sea of Death and the surrounding Oasis alone. He was also friendly with Ze Luoju, one of the leaders of the horse bandits from the Immensity Sea. This meant that he was very familiar with the landscape and weather changes. How could a newcomer compete with that?

An Guuoxie was confident that even if Meng Qi had entered the Immensity Sea for a while, and had the time to cover his tracks, he could still capture him and torture him for his script, given his knowledge on the unique Gobi Desert “language”.

He started moving his body and headed for the Immensity Sea. He dove into the sandstorm like a snake moving in the sand, disappearing in just seconds.

The Gobi Desert was different from ordinary deserts in that the sand granules were bigger, more like small stones. It was not as attractive as fine yellow sand and there were no hidden streams gushing out to form a sand lake. The Gobi Desert seemed even more barren because the rare appearance of a water hole, small lake, or bits of green with some antelope or camels could not soften the feeling of desolation. In fact, the contrasts made people feel worse.

Many large rocks that had been corroded by wind were still erect in the Gobi Desert, the shapes of which were twisted and terrifying like stone monsters. Meng Qi was hiding in the gaps between some of these rocks, harmonizing his Qi-circulation through meditation and preparing for what lied ahead.

He exhaled deeply, took out a small porcelain bottle and poured the wax-sealed elixirs out.

When he sliced open the wax with his thumb, a heady aroma rushed to his nostrils, making his body and heart feel light and at ease.

“No wonder it’s called the Heavenly Acumen Pill. It does indeed live up to its name… ” Meng Qi gasped in admiration.

Meng Qi had escaped to this spot. As he had achieved some success in his practice of the Primal Aperture at Mid-brows and he could project his will somewhat, he seemed to be having a slight mysterious intuition too. He constantly felt that An Guoxie was on his tail and had almost caught up with him, so it was fortunate that he had changed routes.

But Will-projecting was extremely taxing on Meng Qi’s body. His head was swelling, and he was too exhausted to hold on. So when he found this spot, he decided to rest and regulate his Qi to try and open the Eye Aperture – Meng Qi had planned on doing it these last couple of days anyway. The only difference was that he could not fast or burn incense, otherwise, everything was the same.

Once I am in the enlightenment period, then the difference in levels between me and An Guoxie will not be so great. Though the difference in strength still exists, at least I will be able to counter a bit and find a better chance to escape. Perhaps I will exceed An Guoxie’s judgment of my strength and he will not tail me so closely.

After stripping away the wax, a light teal colored elixir appeared before Meng Qi’s eyes and the aroma still surrounded him.

Meng Qi was afraid that the elixir might dissipate, so he swallowed the Heavenly Acumen Pill without hesitation.

It melted in his mouth. It felt as if a stream of energy had entered his chest.

Meng Qi shut his eyes and slowly cultivated the elixir’s strength. At first, he felt calm. Then gradually he felt his eyes swell, and the darkness before his eyes had turned into light as if someone had lit a big fire.

He knew he had reached the crucial moment, so he practiced the last chapter of the 4th level of the Golden Bell Shield. His skin started to form a dark golden glow, and rays of light gathered around his eyes.

The dark sight that was now full of fire had gathered all nine Aperture acupoints and each was lit up like a star. The light was so pure and bright that it penetrated straight through the heart.

He continued activating the Golden Bell Shield. A faint dark spot could be seen between the nine “stars”. It soaked up all the light as if it ha been invisible.

This was the big secret of the body, with the Nine Inborn Apertures concealed in it. It would not have been found was it not for the concentration of the associated acupore point.

The rays of light that had appeared around Meng Qi’s eyes had been integrated and the genuine Qi from the Golden Bell Shield had traveled up the peculiar path and blended with the power of the Heavenly Acumen Pill. It headed towards the line which joined the nine “stars”!

Bang!

Meng Qi’s head felt numb and he felt the pain of his spirit tearing. His inner organs felt as if they were being twisted and his eyes like they were being gouged out. If it were not for the power of the “Heavenly Acumen Pill”, Meng Qi would have fallen into hallucinations and suffered Qi-deviancy Derangement.

Bang!

The integrated “light rays” had surpassed the extremity of what the Eye Aperture could hold. Rays of light burst out and lit up the darkness, which in turn put out the fire clouds.

Bang!

Meng Qi could not help opening his eyes, and when he did, it seemed like light rays shot out. His face was blue, and he was within an inch of his life.

But all this soon disappeared, leaving only a pair of dark eyes.

The patterns of the stones, which concealed the secrets and rhythms of mother nature, appeared before Meng Qi’s eyes.

The sky was blue as always, the wind was still dry, and the granules of sand were still gloomy. Everything was back to normal, but in Meng Qi’s eyes, there was a vastly different feeling. He felt as if he could see everything more clearly, deeply and in more detail.

For example, there were large granules and gravel in the sand, and every single granule had a unique pattern.

Such as how the Gobi Desert brought with it a sense of death, a sense of desolation. It seemed so profound and heavy.

For instance, the objects that had been swooped up by the sand, now appeared slower and more apparent.

Moreover, all that had been split in the past now seemed to be joined by invisible lines, forming a kind of indescribable entirety.

Mountains were no longer mountains and water was no longer water. This was the feeling Meng Qi had after opening his Eye Aperture.

There was a possibility of opening his Eye Acupores just with the “Heavenly Acumen Pill”, but after half a year of practicing the Chapter of Muscle and Vessel Changing and Bone Forging, it seemed like a natural progression.

“It’s no wonder that the stored Qi could be suppressed during the enlightenment period. Once the Eye Aperture has been opened, the opponent’s moves would seem to be ‘in slow motion’, and I could see it clearly… ” Meng Qi retrieved his vision, pleased.

It was not that the opponent’s movements had been slowed, but after Meng Qi had opened his Eye Aperture, he could better see and react to the opponent’s moves, which in turn made it appear as if the opponent was moving in “slow motion”. This would be a huge advantage during a battle.

The advantages did not stop there. Since the eye was the acupore of the liver, the Eye Aperture was also the liver acupore, meaning that he had also cultivated the energy of his liver. As a result, he had increased his recovery ability and genuine Qi. In addition, his strength had also increased significantly. By the time he finished cultivating the energy of all his visceral organs, the Secret Chamber of Vital Qi and Energy would naturally be opened too.

After harmonizing his Qi-circulation and the new Qi level had been stabilized, Meng Qi quickly got up and went on his way. His Moves of Wind-god’s Legs was even more unrestrained.

A while later, An Guoxie appeared at the place where Meng Qi had just been. He stared coldly at the spot where Meng Qi had meditated.

Though most of his traces had been covered up, to someone who traveled the Immensity Sea as often as he, the traces were apparent.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89: Counterattack
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few scraggly green plants grew in this wild place, but starving Gobi Antelopes quickly devoured any that came up.

Plants were scarce in the Gobi Desert. The animals that lived here had strong legs for covering long distance to scavenge for food. Without this adaptation, they would not survive in this unforgiving environment.

The Gobi Antelope were the strongest among these desert animals.

Meng Qi stood in front of a weathered rock, ready to take in a deep breath to harmonize his Qi-circulation, but he suddenly sensed something was wrong. He furrowed his brows and continued to bound forward into the heart of the Gobi Desert using Moves of Wind-god’s Legs.

After he had achieved Enlightenment, his Primal Aperture at Mid-brows was even more concentrated. His Vital Spirit grew stronger and he projected his will. Although he was not on the level of grandmasters like Duan Xiangfei and Cui Xu who had already opened up the Secret Chambers of their will, he was surely stronger than the likes of Han Shi. At this moment, however, he did not want to test and see if his sixth sense was accurate.

Under these circumstances, Meng Qi did not dare to stop. He could only continue to follow to his sixth sense, alter his route accordingly, and move on with greater speed to escape the “White-headed Vulture” An Guoxie.

The vastness of the Immensity Sea paired with Meng Qi’s Enlightenment strength and Will-projecting should have allowed him to escape An Guoxie by now. However, true to his nickname, An Guoxie seemed to be looking down on the desert from an all-seeing vulture’s perspective. He was incredibly difficult to lose!

“A name can be unfitting for a person, but a nickname is always accurate.” Meng Qi said with a sigh. He had sensed An Guoxie narrowing their distance all the day, so he had no time to rest. He had already lost his way in the Gobi Desert and had no sense of where he was. If he were to mistakenly stumble into the lairs of the ghouls of the Gobi Desert, it may be his end.

Of course, Meng Qi had some basic knowledge that he had learned from his Master. At night, he could use the stars to guide him back to Quicksand Town. For now, though, he wanted to put more distance between himself and An Guoxie. This way, if he got back to the east of Quicksand Town, the White-headed Vulture would no longer have the home-court advantage of the Gobi Desert and would not be able to track him. Moves of Wind-god’s Legs and Transformation Strategy were great choices for escaping.

If he couldn’t get to Quicksand Town, Meng Qi still had another option. He would still need to distance himself from An Guoxie, and then wait for an Immensity Sea dust storm. The wind and dust would cover up any of his tracks and An Guoxie would have no way of tracking him. He would have to resort to sending Ze Luoju’s horse bandits for search. For Meng Qi, ordinary horse bandits did not pose a great threat.

“How can I increase the distance between us?” Meng Qi thought to himself as he ran.

He had another concern. All of his rations were gone, and making a cooking fire would expose his position. His only option was to consume raw animal flesh which was not something he looked forward to.

Meng Qi had a gritty, persevering side to his personality. On the King’s Hiding Castle mission, when facing Cui Xu, he was able to abandon the fear of death and deliver a Desperate Hit. After much consideration, he thought of another solution to his present problem.

“I must turn around and attack An Guoxie in order to give me some distance. I could seriously injure him and make him reconsider continuing his pursuit.”

Turning on the pursuer was an effective strategy. In addition, Meng Qi had a realistic view of his own skill and strength. He knew he would not be able to kill An Guoxi; the difference between Nine Apertures and Two Apertures was too great. If Jiang Zhiwei were here, she would use “Sword of Anatta” to attack An Guoxie. With this strategy, perhaps he could even gain a slight advantage.

It’s decided. He doesn’t know I have reached Enlightenment nor is he aware I know the ‘Sacrifice Formula’. I’m sure to give him a surprise… If I had ‘Pearflower Storm Needles’, I may even be able to seriously injure him and make him decide to turn away. Meng Qi made his decision quickly. He laughed at himself and said, “I have always thought I’d be a gentleman and could use wisdom to set An Guoxie straight. Alas, in the end I need to resort to the sword. Have I become a barbarian?”

Laughing at himself, he began to scan the landscape for a good place for his counterattack and subsequent escape.

Gritty sand and deep gullies were everywhere. This was where the Gobi Desert undercurrents came to the surface and shaped the land. They eventually flowed back underground towards distant places.

The overflow of these undercurrents formed a large puddle in the center of these gullies. Many Gobi Desert animals came here to quench their thirst and eat the plants that grew nearby. At the same time, many predators came near to get a good meal as well.

The “White-headed Vulture” An Guoxie stopped at this scenic spot. He furrowed his brows and surveyed the entire area, not letting a single thing go unnoticed. He could spot the traces of Meng Qi stopping and resting here, but could not find Meng Qi.

His ears moved. He could hear the sound of the water and wind, and even the movements of every animal. But the sound of the antelopes calling and other animals chewing and drinking made it difficult for him to identify the source of the fainter sounds, particularly in his anxious state.

His nose twitched. He could smell the moisture in the air, the fresh plants, and the musk of the antelopes. Every smell became an image in his mind. Indeed, among the smells was that of Meng Qi. It seemed as if he had stopped here for a period of time.

He quickly moved forward to examine the area more closely for traces of Meng Qi. His approach startled the antelopes and other Gobi Desert animals, sending them calling and running in all directions and disrupting his focus.

“If I had my Primal Aperture at Mid-brows opened and Will-projecting at my disposal, I would not have startled these stupid animals!” An Guoxie’s desire to obtain the little monk’s secret script grew even stronger.

“Da. Da. Da.” A small herd of antelope ran past An Guoxie.

Suddenly, a blade flashed from beneath the belly of an antelope and struck at An Guoxie!

At that moment, An Guoxie could sense a fierce intent to kill. He could see it filling his attacker’s eyes.

You would think that family, love, and brotherhood could put an end to greed, fear, rage, and hate. But in fact they can continue to motivate these things!

Meng Qi put all of himself into “Peace Quietude Split”, making it different from usual.

Meng Qi held nothing back, using his strongest attack first. Now that An Guoxie knew he had this blade technique, Meng Qi had no choice but to put all of his strength into it. Otherwise, he would not be able to harm him. Even though Meng Qi had already reached Enlightenment, An Guoxie was still far stronger than he, and had already opened many Aperture acupoints. He had to rely on the “Transformation Strategy” to buy himself some time. An Guoxie would be able to read him immediately and have time to defend himself.

An ordinary “Peace Quietude Split” could not harm An Quoxie. Even paired with “Sacrifice Formula” it would still not be enough. So Meng Qi had to choose either not to attack at all, or give it his everything!

His eyes were fixed on An Guoxie, there was no turning back from here!

His blade flashed with fury and came down with the intent to kill.

“Twenty years old and you still haven’t reached Enlightenment? Go crawl off and die!”

“If you lose, you will lose your arm.”

“If you can’t kill your kin, then I will kill him!”

“You doubt me? Into the venomous snake pit you go! Enjoy the pleasures of ten thousand snakes’ bites!”

This terrible scene flooded An Guoxie’s memory, filling him with fear and pricking him like a thousand small arrows. Anything that pleases the Ancestor, he would gladly do!

In the midst of this fear, An Guoxie saw the lifeless blue eyes of his younger brother. They seemed to be saying, “Older brother, I don’t want to continue on in this nightmare. You go on and live for me.”

“AHHH!”

An Guoxie let out a scream, partially caused by the terrible flashback of his brother and the Ancestor, partially caused by the pain of being stabbed beneath his throat.

All of his bones cracked as his entire body began to twist and distort. He was like a sand pillar, being blown away by the desert wind.

This was the effect of Violent Sand Super Force entering his body!

The Buddhist Commandment Blade slashed into his chest once again, but this time only met the resistance of dissolving sand.

An Guoxie blocked the lethal blow. He raised his right hand and stopped Meng Qi’s Buddhist Commandment Blade.

“Snap!”

The hundred-time tempered steel blade of the Buddhist Commandment Blade snapped in two pieces. Meng Qi was sent flying forward into a deep gully, holding onto the remaining half of his sword.

“It would be impolite for me not to return your attack!”

Meng Qi smirked, and under the astonished gaze of An Guoxie landed in the gully.

An Guoxie caught his breath, and with wound pulsing, carefully advanced to the gully’s edge. He discovered that below was a crystal clear undercurrent winding its way into the earth. That bald ass had disappeared.

“He has entered Enlightenment!” An Guoxie exclaimed through grinding teeth. The blow had not taken his life, but it had inflicted serious damage.

One in the Qi-cultivation Stage could not have delivered this blow!

It is unbelievable that this bald ass could enter Enlightenment while fleeing. Not only that, but he had learned a technique similar to the Sacrifice Formula!

An Guoxie examined the gurgling undercurrent below and decided not to follow Meng Qi down there. The undercurrent flowed back underground here and the winding geography lent itself to an ambush. On top of this, he was wounded and did not know how much energy the bald ass would meet him with. If he continued his pursuit here, he may meet his end in the culvert below.

For a Nine-Apertures-opened fighter to fall to a rookie who had just entered Enlightenment would be laughable. An individual who ranked thirty-six on the Ranking List of Young Masters should not fall this way!

“Don’t think you will get away so easily!” An Guoxie angrily said to himself. “I know this landscape well. Do you?”

He applied pressure to a few main acupoints, drank an elixir, and spent a few moments harmonizing his Qi-circulation. Then he started to run in the direction of where he remembered this undercurrent next came above ground.

“I will capture you! If you don’t come out at that outflow, you will die underground. The next outflow is extremely far away!”

The undercurrent winds back and forth underground. The bald ass will not be able to keep up his energy after expending so much. If I take a straight path above ground, I may be able to catch up to him!

This is the perfect timing and location for me!

Meng Qi found himself bobbing up and down in the current, being tossed into protruding rocks. Had it not been for his Golden Bell Shield, he would have been covered in injuries.

After Sacrifice Formula wore off, he began to feel extremely cold. He was in for a deep freeze.

Light began to fade into the darkness, which told Meng Qi that he was arriving at the next exit. He began to claw his way out of the undercurrent.

He dared not continue down the undercurrent. In his present state, he would not be able to hold on for much longer. He would die underground.

Meng Qi hoisted himself out of the gully, shook off the water, and ran in the direction of a weathered rock. He planned to harmonize Qi-circulation there and then return to Quicksand Town.

Just after sitting down, he heard the sound of clapping besides him.

“You are strong. Of all I have faced who have just been Enlightened, you are the strongest. You almost killed me.” An Guoxie grinned. His face was pale and his wound had not yet healed completely.

“And you are very smart. The only problem is this is the Immensity Sea. This is my Gobi Desert.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90: The Disacupin
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Qi forced a breath of Qi in preparation to battle to the death. He was weak, but An Guoxie was probably not much better considering he had been following him without rest or giving his wounds a chance to heal.

But as soon as he tried to cultivate his Qi, he felt a sharp pain in his Dantian. He was weak and had no spirit or will whatsoever. Seeing An Guoxie approaching, he waved his left hand and sealed all of his major pressure points.

After using the “Sacrifice Formula” and soaking in icy cold water, he found that the aftermath was more severe than he had imagined!

Meng Qi hadn’t given up hope just yet because he realized that An Guoxie had not killed him straight away, which meant that he was still useful. As long as he was still alive, there was hope!

Ahem, Ahem, Ahem, An Guoxie started coughing heavily and laughed. “You’re probably the lowest level opponent I’ve met in the past five years. Yet you’ve given me the most trouble. To catch you, I’ve neglected my wounds and in turn, it hurts my source of pith. Fortunately, you have nowhere to run now hahaha!”

Those opponents who are easily killed can not throw out any challenge.

Though he still held about 60% to 70% of his strength, he was quite badly hurt. After harmonizing his Qi-circulation for a short period, he’d rushed right over here, hence hurting his Source of Pith.

However, as long as his Source of Pith did not get hurt again, he could make a full recovery with the help of elixir and some conditioning. That was why he couldn’t let the opportunity of breaking through the Hidden Latch of the primal acupore during the Qi-cultivation Stage pass him by!

“Tell me the method for how to open up the Primal Aperture at Mid-brows and perhaps I’ll let you live.” An Guoxie took a few breaths and demanded directly.

It suddenly occurred to Meng Qi. So this was why he had been chasing him so urgently!

If he’d known earlier, he would have chosen differently.

The biggest mistake he’d made this time was the misjudgment of his desire to catch him. Normally speaking, he was doing the Crying Elder’s bidding. Even if he did fail, he would not have risked hurting his Source of Pith. But the method of easily opening the Primal Acupore would help him greatly in reaching the Half-step Exterior Scenery. It was well worth risking!

Meng Qi had misjudged because he knew the truth about the “Transformation Strategy”, meaning that it was not that miraculous. This was why he subconsciously underestimated its value to other people. Otherwise An Guoxie would still be healing right now, and he could go anywhere he wanted after harmonizing his Qi-circulation for a while, and not be in this predicament.

Feelings of regret and annoyance appeared in Meng Qi’s head but were quickly suppressed. There’s nothing I can do now, and it is no use thinking about what could have been. I’d better clear my head and think of ways to escape!

“Why should I believe you?” Meng Qi asked calmly.

To be honest, he couldn’t give the “Transformation Strategy” to An Guoxie, because he had already given it to the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms. If he gave it to anyone else, he would be obliterated.

An Guoxie laughed with crooked lips, “Bald little brat, you’ve already landed in my hands. You’re basically at my disposal, like a pig ready for slaughter. I’m not gonna make Soul-pledging Oaths, and I don’t care whether you believe me or not, because you have no choice.”

“If you have needs then you have weaknesses. If you don’t make the pledge, I’d die before telling you about it.” Meng Qi was testing An Guoxie’s bottom line as he actually had no idea what the Soul-pledging Oath was.

An Guoxie stopped smiling and looked at Meng Qi coldly. “I’m not gonna let you die that easily, I’ll constantly torture you, so you beg me to kill you. Alas, I don’t have my torturing equipment with me, so it’s better if I take you back to Hahler. Haha, you’ll be more than glad to tell me the method then, and beg for a quick death.”

He looked at the sun and mumbled to himself, “I’ve been chasing him for 2 whole days. Don’t know how the Ancestor is doing, but I should get out of punishment considering I’ve caught the bald little brat.”

He grabbed Meng Qi by the back of his sleeveless shirt and hurried back to Quicksand Town.

There were very few people on the streets of Quicksand Town. The poplar trees were still erect with many different poses, but they had been covered with a thick layer of sand, making them look dark and gloomy.

The little hill in the distance had collapsed, turning into countless stones and burying the surrounding area.

A battle at the grandmaster level was indeed frightening!

An Guoxie had sealed off Meng Qi’s aphonic acupoint and his upper-body acupoints. He was holding the rope that bound Meng Qi and headed towards the Immensity Sea Hotel.

He was confident in the Ancestor, believing that even if grandmaster Xuan Bei could come out of the battle alive, there was no way he could have won and be waiting for him at the inn.

If that were the case, then I would have long been discovered outside the community based on the Great Master’s acute senses!

Upon entering the Inn, the people that were left eating had all looked at him, but continued eating their food after seeing An Guoxie’s trademark—white hair and young face. But the noises and chatter had stopped.

The trio of horse bandits were in the crowd. After witnessing the battle a few days ago, they were fortunate not to have messed with Xuan Bei and his disciple. If they had tried to rob Xuan Bei’s crew, they’d either be dead or “persuaded” into Buddhism, which was in some ways worse than death.

Seeing Meng Qi captured, they saw traits of the Crying Elder’s lineage. It was obvious that the apple didn’t fall far from the tree.

“Aunt Jiu, did our ancestor finish that monk off?” An Guoxie asked Qu Jiuniang, who looked as though someone owed her 30,000 ounces of silver.

Qu Jiuniang lifted her head and slammed her delicate hand on the table, “Who gave you the right to call me Aunt Jiu?”

An Guoxie snorted, “I don’t care who is afraid of you, but I’m not, so answer my question. Honestly!”

Qu Jiuniang’s eyes looked as though she was brewing up a sandstorm, “Get the hell outta here!! You hear me?”

Of course An Guoxie was ticked off, but seeing the cold stare from Qu Jiuniang, he settled down. The only person who could manage Aunt Jiu’s anger was the ancestor. If he angered her and she decided to discipline him, the ancestor would not be on his side unless it was a matter of life and death. After all, he had many things to worry about. And Qu Jiuniang’s background was mysterious. No one knew what would happen or who would come to her aid if she was bothered.

A wise man knows when to shut up. An Guoxie lowered his head and requested politely, “Tavernkeeper, could you please tell me the details of the battle?”

Qu Jiuniang’s pink lips quivered and her face was full of disdain. She spat out the words,

“Get out!”

An Guoxie took a deep breath and pulled Meng Qi to the hall and asked loudly, “Who could tell me the result of the battle between the ancestor and the monk?”

The head of the trio of horse bandits, the desert tramp carrying the hip knife replied politely, “An Guo Boss, the ancestor battled with the monk all the way to the Immensity Sea, we don’t know what happened after that.”

An Guoxie’s eyelid twitched. How could that monk be so damn strong?

At this point, the errand boy came to send food. He smiled and said, “I heard the boss say that it was difficult to see who had the upper-hand. They fought all the way to the Immensity Sea and neither has returned yet.”

An Guoxie pondered for a bit and decided that he and his prisoner should get away from Quicksand Town quickly and return to Hahler. Just in case the monk defeated the Ancestor and came for him.

He planned to interrogate Meng Qi for the training method on the road, and kill him as soon as he divulged.

He paused for a bit and asked again, “What about the other little monk?”

Had his own trio of Junior Brothers completed their task?

The waiter thought for a bit and replied, “The little monk ran out of the inn shortly after the two masters began their battle, saying something about finding his Senior Brother and Master. After that, he seemed to have disappeared into the Immensity Sea too.”

Zhen Hui went to find me? Meng Qi suddenly felt warm. But Zhen Hui still hadn’t successfully cultivated his Qi reserve and the Immensity Sea was dangerous. Could he have gotten lost?

The concern for Zhen Hui quickly disappeared because Meng Qi thought about himself and realized he was in more strife. He’d better think of a way to escape from the hands of the “White-headed Vulture”!

An Guoxie cursed under his breath, “Three useless fools can’t even catch a little monk who hasn’t reached the primary level of Qi-cultivation yet! They will be severely punished by the Ancestor!”

He reckoned that it was the Mo-Ke Exorcism Punch, which delves the secrets of life and death, that had scared the three fools, forcing them to hide faraway.

After asking about the battle, An Guoxie grabbed the back of Meng Qi’s sleeveless shirt and headed for the Immensity Sea.

Qu Jiuniang lifted her head and stared in the direction to which they had disappeared. No one knew what she was thinking.

She then grabbed a blank piece of paper and started writing,

The Crying Elder fought with Xuan Bei from Shaolin to a stand-still and went deep into the Immensity Sea. There’s a strong possibility that Xuan Bei is hurt, and The Crying Elder has escaped after the loss. The reason for his loss is that he underestimated the opponents’ ability and in turn did not have the will to fight to death. By contrast, Xuan Bei’s hatred had seeped into his bones.

Xuan Bei had two disciples, one is lost, and the other has been captured by An Guoxie. He might plot something later to lure Xuan Bei into a death trap.

There’s a possibility to draw them over to our side.

She stuck out her tongue and licked her lips, looking very evil. Then she took a breath and sighed,

“It has always been hard to figure out heaven’s will…”

She didn’t leave a name at the bottom of the letter. She just rolled it up and put it in her pocket.

An Guoxie did not want to linger in the Immensity Sea. He just wanted to get back to Hahler quickly, so he grabbed Meng Qi and kept travelling.

But he had hurt his Source of Pith and only recovered 50%-60% of his injury. He couldn’t handle non-stop travelling. By nightfall, he had to rest, so he found a few wind-corroded rocks, made a fire and cooked some meat, then started harmonizing his Qi-circulation.

After having some antelope meat and water, the exhaustion Meng Qi was feeling had eased quite a bit. But his head was still hot and he still felt dizzy, like he was seriously sick.

But to his surprise, his recovery speed had increased quite a lot after having practiced the Bone Conditioning Chapter of the Yijin Scripture. His body potential, bones and meridians had all improved, and in addition, his liver was functioning better after reaching Enlightenment. The sealed acupoints started loosening up, so he felt a thin stream of Qi energy starting to form.

He started conducting the Qi slowly and carefully, trying to break through the sealed Aperture acupoints. He knew the method of the acupoints sealing, disacupin, and Dharma Access from practicing the Golden Bell Shield because it was a part of the training, but it was just a small part. Still, it was better than nothing.

During this process, Meng Qi was observing An Guoxie’s every movement. He noticed that after he took the elixir, he was focusing only on recovery and nothing else.

His Aperture acupoints had already been sealed for half a day, and they were loosening up themselves. So Under Meng Qi’s impact, they had come undone.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91: A Real Opportunity
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Streams of Qi had gathered and rushed upwards, breaking through the sealed Aperture acupoints. Meng Qi, who was weak and ill, forced his will and remained calm. He followed the process of disacupin Dharma Access and worked his Qi force into spikes and struck the inner force that had sealed off his Aperture acupoints.

Poof! The intangible sound of penetration had chimed inside Meng Qi, the inner force that had already began to fade suddenly collapsed completely and his acupoint was unblocked!

Meng Qi didn’t stop and continued working his genuine Qi to disacupin the other acupoints, and moments later, all of his Aperture acupoints had been unblocked.

Meng Qi was now able to make his genuine Qi flow without obscurity. His strength had only recovered 10%, which was not even enough to drive the Golden Bell Shield, but he was able to move freely and fight if needed.

He slightly exerted some power and broke the rope that had tied his hands. Meng Qi then carefully removed the last obstacle and looked at An Guoxie.

He was still sitting cross-legged and harmonizing his Qi-circulation with his eyes closed. It was clear that he had changed his clothes but the wound under his neck, which was like a ferocious centipede in motion, was still visible and healing.

Meng Qi squinted his eyes, trying to decide whether he should use Wind-god’s Legs to escape or take this opportunity to put an end to An Guoxie once and for all!

He knew that An Guoxie was severely hurt, but he had been recovering for quite a while now, not to mention taking copious amounts of elixir. His wounds should be stabilized by now, meaning he could exert over half of his strength, which is in stark contrast to my condition. I’m still recovering from the aftermath of using the sacrifice formula.

After an analysis of his strength and coming to grips with the fact that his Buddhist Commandment Blade had been broken, Meng Qi knew that even if he gave it his all and hit the opponent with the Arhat Fists, he still would not be able to kill An Guoxie. The most damage he could to do him was just wound him again because his Protective Upstanding Qi would have been re-activated after his wounds had stabilized.

So, he could either wait a while longer until his strength recovers to about 30%-40%, or he could escape now.

Though Meng Qi had the courage to put his life on the line, he wasn’t irrational. After close analysis, he decided it was best to leave this place.

He wished he still had the Pearflower Storm Needles with him. As he watched the “perfect position” in which Au Guoxie was sitting. Meng Qi sighed and slowly got up. He utilized the footwork of the Lightning Changes and backed off silently. Once he created some distance, he’d be able to fully use the Moves of Wind-god’s Legs to bolt without being afraid of alerting An Guoxie.

Suddenly, everything went blurry and his body felt numb, and he then saw An Guoxie by his side.

“I thought you’d take the chance to sneak-attack. The last time you tried to kill me, you were so unafraid of dying, what happened this time?” An Guoxie said, half smiling.

Meng Qi was shocked, “How long have you known?”

“To be honest, I haven’t figured out how I’ll torture you, but do you know why I only sealed off your acupoints and did nothing else?” An Guoxie smiled again, he looked ferocious under the cold moon-light, “Because I like seeing other people’s hope turn into desperation. That is why I gave you hope, gave you the hope to escape and just when you thought you’d succeed, I’ll personally crush that hope. It gives me great satisfaction to see your expression now, and it is worth waiting all this time.”

Sick old bastard! Meng Qi couldn’t help cursing under his breath. The last time it was Gu Xiaosang who did it.

An Guoxie shook his head while smiling, “No, I don’t see enough desperation from you. Little Bald Ass, you must be punished for trying to escape.”

As he said those words, he pressed his right hand on Meng Qi’s Dantian forcing him to disgorge.

Pain rushed to Meng Qi’s head, and his muscle and skin which had been modified under the influence of the Golden Bell Shield and Iron Shirt had plumped up for protection. But the external pressure was too great that his skin and muscle soon flattened. Meng Qi felt as though his Dantian had been sliced by a steel knife.

“Right, I consider this abrogation of your martial arts as punishment.” An Guoxie said with a sly and smug look on his face, and obviously satisfied, “little Bald Ass, don’t be desperate, keep hoping, haha!”

“If you tell me method of practise now you won’t suffer any of this anymore. I’ll just leave you here and let you be on your merry way. Tempting enough for you?”

Though Meng Qi was experiencing immense pain in his Dantian, he was not as desperate as An Guoxie. After all, he had gone through a life-or-death moment. At present, he was still very calm, which was a difficult feat because he knew that even if he handed out the Transformation Strategy, An Guoxie would never let him go. Therefore, he dismissively turned his head and gave no answer to An Guoxie.

An Guoxie snorted and said nothing more. He sealed Meng Qi’s acupoints again and went back to harmonize his Qi-circulation.

“Since my Dantian has been destroyed, he wouldn’t be so vigilant anymore, which means I still could escape!” Meng Qi did not worry too much about losing his martial arts. After An Guoxie began his healing, Meng Qi fell asleep straight away, trying to regain some energy. Maybe a “Common folk without Kung Fu” could still escape.

The following few days, An Guoxie grabbed Meng Qi and roamed the outskirts of Immensity Sea. The monsters and creatures deep within the Gobi Desert were still scary even to a skilled martial artist with Nine Apertures opened. Under normal circumstances, perhaps he would traverse the Gobi Desert, but since he had sustained serious injuries, it was best to go around.

Meng Qi was cooperative all the way, patiently waiting for his chance.

This day, An Guoxie and Meng Qi reached an oasis in the middle of the Immensity Sea. The oasis was full hustle and bustle in the past, but as the sandstorms had continuously struck the place, the oasis kept shrinking and the environment had become more hostile. Many people had to leave their homes to find other oases.

That was why from the the outlook, the oasis seemed like it was covered by a layer of dust. Most of the buildings were old and torn, the only buildings that seemed clean were the inn in the centre and its surrounding houses. On the other side of the lake, there were abandoned temples and palaces.

The inn was quite busy because there were many merchants and traders, the dozen or so tables were almost full. Some were merchants, some dressed like desert tramps and others Jianghu swordsman.

There was a table of four in the center, which was occupied by young swordsman chivalrous women. They were cocky and full of pride as though the whole Jianghu was waiting for them to conquer.

Meng Qi saw them as soon as he stepped into the inn, not because of their flashy appearance, but one of the young men had an inlayed ice crystal snowflake on the back of his hand. The sword on his hip was around seven inches shorter than the average sword, which was very striking but odd.

This could only mean one thing that they were the free disciples of the Snow Mountain Sect who had earned the qualification to roam outside of their mountain-base.

Only the Snow Mountain Sect used this kind of long sword, and only they would tattoo the ice crystal snowflake on the hands of their free disciples as their symbol.

As a part of the Six Sword Sects and the main stream martial arts branch who clashed with the Jin Gang Temple for the land title of the West Regions, the free disciples of the Snow Mountain Sect had opened at least Two Apertures.

“This is an opportunity!” Meng Qi thought.

Since An Guoxie’s appearance was striking to say the least, many eyes were on him as soon as he stepped into the inn, the disciple of the Snow Mountain Sect was no exception. But it seemed he had recognized who An Guoxie was as he tightened his eyebrows. But he went back to his conversation with his crew.

Unlike Shaolin, the Snow Mountain Sect was based in the West Regions. So if An Guoxie could avoid it, he would not provoke them. He dragged Meng Qi to the corner and ordered some food.

Meng Qi looked closely at the disciples of the Snow Mountain Sect and realized that apart from him, there were two lads and a girl. The girl was delicate and cute, who wasn’t what you’d call pretty but very approachable. The lad was tall and wearing black, and he had average features and was talking to the disciple of the Snow God Clan. The other lad looked and dressed like a scholar, but his bulging temple showed that his strength was not to be underestimated. Meng Qi suspected that they had all reached Enlightenment.

That disciple of the Snow Mountain Sect was dressed in white, average looking with a big nose, having a cold and cocky look in him.

“The Snow Mountain Sect did not have a notorious reputation, but I don’t know whether they will extend a helping hand… ” Meng Qi thought to himself, but he didn’t irrationally seek help. After all, not all the disciples of big clans were like Jiang Zhiwei and myself, having understood the Gist of Trueness and the Desperate Hit. Even if the Snow Mountain Sect disciple had opened his four Acupores, but the others were only at the beginner stage of Enlightenment, then their joined forces would not even be able to harm the injured An Guoxie—The Crying Elder’s impartation was indeed extraordinary, definitely on par with that of the big clans, and An Guoxie was a highly skilled martial artist with Nine Apertures opened, so he was on a different level altogether.

He ate silently, and while An Guoxie was not paying attention, he bit his index finger and used his blood to write the words “Help me” on his side of the table leg.

Meng Qi seized his opportunity after they had finished their dinner and An Guoxie turned his back to walk up the stairs of the inn; He turned his head towards the young swordsmen and silently muttered the words “help me” and pointed towards the table where he had sat.

He repeated the words three times and followed An Guoxie upstairs.

He didn’t expect them to understand what he had mouthed, but only wanted to draw their attention towards the words “help me”, which he had written. And hopefully they’d recognized who An Guoxie was and got more help.

Walking a few steps, An Guoxie suddenly stopped and said to Meng Qi with a laugh, “Alas, I still prefer the torn temple.”

After those words, he dragged Meng Qi out of the inn, traversed the forest and bypassed the lake to finally reach a torn and abandoned temple.

Having watched An Guoxie leave, the Snow Mountain Sect disciple and others frowned and headed towards the table where Meng Qi had sat.

“He’s asking us for help.” The scholar said in a low voice and wiped away the blood-written words, “Brother Bo, shall we help him?”

Brother bo was the Snow Mountain Sect disciple, he frowned and said, “That was the ‘White-headed Vulture’, who is beyond our abilities. And we don’t know who that monk is, what if it were just a dog-eat-dog situation between the evil spirits?”

He didn’t want to take any risks.

After hearing the name ‘White-headed Vulture’, the your girl and the lad in black both shook their heads at the scholar and said, “Childe Gu, don’t bite off more than you can chew, though our purpose is to be just and help others, we still can’t do things that are beyond our abilities. How about we call some elders to come to our aid at the next oasis?”

“I know, I’m not gonna be rash, but before we call the elders, we must find out that monk’s identity.” Childe Gu thought for a second and said, “I’ll go and check things out tonight, and hopefully find some things out.”

“Alright then, but do be careful.” the Snow Mountain Sect disciple said sternly.

…

In the torn temple, as soon as Meng Qi sat down, An Guoxie came over and laughed, “You reckon they’ll come for you?”

How did he find out again? Meng Qi was slightly surprised, but he collected himself straight away and said nothing.

“That’s the very expression that I’m looking for.” An Guoxie said joyfully, he then squatted and took Meng Qi’s right hand, “You were using this hand to write back then, weren’t you?”

“What do you want to do?” Meng Qi saw that he had gone a bit crazy.

“What do I want to do? As long as you tell me the practicing method, I want nothing. And I will set you free. But if not, I will break your right hand inch by inch.” An Guoxie had an odd look, as if to warn him not to test him.

Meng Qi gritted his teeth and said coldly, “You go right ahead.”

An Guoxie laughed and squeezed hard, then the bones in Meng Qi’s right hand started breaking inch by inch.

This pain went straight to his heart, Meng Qi had almost fainted, what followed was more cruel torture, which felt like he had suffered through the ten major corporal punishments.

“Next time it’ll be your left hand, then your left leg, right leg, your crown jewels, you get the idea… ” An Guoxie satisfyingly stopped, he sealed off Meng Qi’s acupoints again and went to meditate.

Meng Qi lay in front of the incense altar, and he had lost feeling of his right hand with only rushes of pain keeping him half awake.

“There are still opportunities.” He told himself.

Everything went dark and Meng Qi was drowsy, but he heard a shocked girl’s voice,

“Little monk, what happened to you?”

“Apply for treatment, and you can deduct the karma points from me. I’ll exchange my elixir for karma points.”

Meng Qi squeezed a smile, “Here comes my opportunity!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92: The Idea of the Companions
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The milky light splashed and soaked into Meng Qi’s body, just like a good rainfall reviving everything after a long drought.

After his pain quickly disappeared, and his Dantian became warm again, Meng Qi’s will soon recovered. He said to the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms, “The Karma points of the treatment can be deducted from mine, I will use the first four passes of the Golden Bell Shield and the Sacrifice Formula in exchange for the treatment.”

At this point, Meng Qi couldn’t think too much. Anyway, the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms itself contained the Golden Bell Shield and the Sacrifice Formula. In addition, Jiang Zhiwei’s elixir might be the key to turn the tables in the next Samsara task, so it was important to recover more strength in advance.

Alas, the principles of less importance easily succumbed to the reality, but fortunately it did not overstep his bottom-line… Meng Qi secretly mumbled and felt a little guilty about his Master.

“Don’t worry about it Little monk, I have prepared several tablets from the Elixir Pavilion,” Jiang Zhiwei advised. The Hundred-herb Bolus was a panacea from the Sword Washing Pavilion, great for all kinds of wounds, and much better than the Zhen Wu Sect’s Curing Bolus and Shaolin’s Small Recovery Pill. Her strength grew day by day and she would soon go out to tour Jianghu. Thus, she had the qualification to get a bottle of it in the Elixir Pavilion.

Meng Qi was immersed in the milky light. He waved his hand to Jiang Zhiwei. “It would be better to solve problems on my own if I could. To tell you the truth, I don’t have much sense of belonging to Shaolin. Haha, I don’t want to waste your favors on things like this.”

Just feel sorry for my master because he cares about me too much, alas.

“What is wasting favors? We’re best friends that are ready to die for each other. Besides, Junior Brother Zhen Ding, you have not only shared your Transformation Strategy with us but also advised us on how to exchange for the Karma points.” Zhang Yuanshan said calmly.

Meng Qi quickly said, “No, no. Just because we are best friends, I can’t trouble you if I can deal with the problems by myself. When I really need your help, I will ask for it without hesitation. You see, I’ve always been thick-skinned. So, I’ll ask for help even if it is very dangerous.”

“For example, if I am wounded again, Zhiwei, you will be generous enough to give me your Hundred-herb Bolus during the next Samsara task, won’t you?”

As he described his mentality, he implicitly pointed out that there was a more important role for the Hundred-herb Bolus.

“OK, little monk, I won’t insist because of what you have just said.” Jiang Zhiwei smiled and put away her Hundred-herb Bolus bottle.

Zhang Yuanshan, Qi Zhengyan and she all knew that Meng Qi came from the Chores Yard, and had been part of the Kung Fu circle since the beginning of the World of Samsara. So it was normal for him to have little sense of belonging to Shaolin. They didn’t prevent Meng Qi from exchanging his two Kung Fu methods with the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms.

After they discussed it, they heard the voice of the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms as expected.

“The treatment costs 160 Karma points.”

“You gain 110 Karma points from the first four passes of the Golden Bell Shield and 200 from the Sacrifice Formula.”

“And you still have 150 Karma points.”

As the milky light disappeared gradually, Meng Qi felt his right hand was as good as new and its strength had returned too. He was so moved that his face was almost covered with tears.

“I’m a strong man again!”

“An Guoxie, this time I’ll bring the Pearflower Storm Needles and the Red Sun Evil Blade with me to fight with you. Just wait for your hour of doom.”

Seeing Meng Qi’s intoxicated expression of excitement, Jiang Zhiwei couldn’t help laughing. “Little monk, you seem so miserable. Who is it that put you in such in a tight corner?”

Meng Qi came to his senses from the nightmarish memory of his destroyed Dantian and broken arm, and sighed. “It was the White-headed Vulture, An Guoxie.”

“How did you end up in the Western Region?” As a famous one on the same Ranking List as Young Masters, Jiang Zhiwei knew a lot about An Guoxie, so she was amazed.

Zhang Yuanshan also frowned. “An Guoxie would not go to the Great Jin Dynasty alone.”

Although Shaolin had sent monks to inform all sects of this matter, Jiang Zhiwei and others weren’t the executives of their sects. If they didn’t ask about it, they wouldn’t know.

After Meng Qi briefly described it, Jiang Zhiwei, Qi Zhengyan and the others all wore a serious look on their faces.

“I think there is something wrong with Zhen Chang’s suicide. If he had had the courage to commit suicide, he would have directly killed you, little monk. At least, he would have chosen to jump from the cliff, leaving a chance of survival.” Jiang Zhiwei commented on Zhen Chang’s suicide from a courage standpoint.

Qi Zheng Yan also nodded. “For me, I would rather be arrested with de-martialization and be expelled from Shaolin. As long as I don’t die, I still have a chance.”

The Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms was an expert in curing difficult diseases!

“It is unlikely that Zhen Chang is a Samsara traveler.” After hearing what Qi Zhengyan said, Meng Qi immediately understood his implied meaning. Then why had he been robbed of his scrolls of mystery? If he hadn’t commit suicide, who was it that killed him?

Zhang Yuanshan was thinking of something else. “It is strange that the Crying Elder, who has just recovered from his injury, can accurately block Master Xuan Bei. It’s also weird that he hasn’t been heard from for nine years and yet pops up just as Master Xuan Bei arrives at the West Region.”

The Crying Elder was in the distant West Region, and Xuan Bei had come neither fast nor slowly. Therefore, unless his tracks had been observed for a long time or someone had deliberately let it out, who could know about Xuan Bei’s arrival? And the most important thing was that Shaolin wouldn’t have sent Xuan Bei to the West Region if they had known earlier. Nobody had known that Xuan Bei would appear in Jianghu again before he arrived at the Quicksand Town.

“Ah, I feel there is a large dark hand behind the scenes.” Fu Zhenzhen sighed with emotion to ease the depressing atmosphere.

Jiang Zhiwei nodded thoughtfully and then smiled to Meng Qi with a bright and charming look mixed with a valiant and arrogant expression. “It is not the right time to discuss this. What matters most is how to deal with An Guoxie after you return to Shaolin little monk.

“His Source of Pith is damaged and his injury isn’t completely healed, so his strength is less than 70% of that in his heyday. And he could never expect that I have recovered to normal after my Kung Fu was abolished and my arm was broken. In addition, I get one more Buddhist Commandment Blade of the Refined Weapon level and a horrible concealed weapon. So, out of his anticipation, even if I don’t use the Sacrifice Formula but present the Peace Quietude Split first, and then shoot out the Pearflower Storm Needles. I am likely to kill him on the spot.”

As Meng Qi said these words, he felt funny and could not help but silently mumble. “An Guoxie would loudly shout out ‘Boycott all plug-in’ before he died if he knew the truth.”

Zhang Yuanshan solemnly said, “You cannot underestimate a master with Nine Apertures opened. Your strength can’t compare with his. You may be able to harm him again, but you can’t kill him or defeat him.”

“Ah, the Violent Sand Super Force has the excellent ability to resist the common poison, and the Pearflower Storm Needles may not be fatal.” Jiang Zhiwei thought they might be equal. After all, the Violent Sand Super Force, which was worth 8000 Karma points on the Exchange List, was a very famous Kung Fu. An Guoxie had reached the stage with Nine Apertures opened, indicating that he had been admitted to the top class, and could not be underestimated.

She pondered for a moment and continued, “The time of the Samsara task is generally short. So you cannot open your Ear Aperture again. Unless you get your whole-body imbued after you finish the task. But this requires a lot of Karma points, and we may not get enough. It has big potential risks too.”

“During the Samsara task, can you guarantee that you will not use the Pearflower Storm Needles to keep your life?” Qi Zhengyan raised his own question.

Meng Qi took a slight breath. Indeed, the Samsara task was both an opportunity and a danger. Maybe he would not get many Karma points and consume his Pearflower Storm Needles. And he himself had more or less subconsciously looked down on An Guoxie with Nine Apertures opened, because he’d achieved his initial targets after their two fights.

But after thinking it over, he realized that the first time he could escape smoothly after striking An Gouxie, it was because he hadn’t known the Transformation Strategy and he didn’t know that Meng Qi had grasped the Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship. The second time, with the environment and the Transformation Strategy hiding his traces, which formed a scene like an assassination, he had harmed him relying on the force of the Peace Quietude Split refined from the Sacrifice Formula. An Guoxie hadn’t known he had reached Enlightenment.

But now, An Guoxie knew his entire background, so he wouldn’t act in confusion. Meng Qi’s Red Sun Evil Blade was a really important chip but not a deciding factor. And his Pearflower Storm Needles might not be at his disposal until he returned. So they might not cause deadly wounds. If he just fought with him using the surprise element, he’d be in a dangerous situation.

Alas, too many variables. Meng Qi sighed silently and looked at Jiang Zhiwei and the others. “Do you have any good ideas?”

Fu Zhenzhen, who was not familiar with Meng Qi, said timidly, “I have grown a seven-star begonia. Upon your return, if you still have the Pearflower Storm Needles, I will make it into venom and smear it on a silver pin. If you lose it, I have a few small candles made from the begonia. You can hold your breath and keep the antidote in your mouth while you secretly light a candle. It is colorless, tasteless and violently toxic. An Guoxie should have no way to resist it. By then, you can strike him with your blade.

Because she’d grown up in a nunnery, Fu Zhenzhen was not used to shouting and killing.

Good idea! Meng Qi’s eyes lit up and at the same time he secretly praised her. Fu Zhenzhen was really gifted in making poison.

Qi Zhengyan seemed to have been inspired too. “Grieving Wind Softener with a bottle of antidote needs 200 Karma points. With the reward from the main task, it should be easy to exchange for the violent poison. So An Guoxie’s inner force will be greatly affected even if he doesn’t lose all of it from the poison.”

My God, my little partners are all relentless! Meng Qi was stunned, but also greatly inspired.

Zhang Yuanshan could not help but smile and shake his head. “This is only one part of the preparation. For the other part, Junior Brother Zhen Ding, you have to redeem a set of the Desperate Hit. After all, the Peace Quietude Split can’t play an unexpected role now, so you’d better regard it as a spare part. Of course, if you feel that you are not secure, you may ask the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms to help you to open your Ear Aperture, which requires 600 Karma points. If you exchange for time to cultivate it, you should pay 200 Karma points a month for it.”

The normal exchange rate for the “Pill of Heavenly Vision and Earthly Hearing” was 260 Karma points, but if you wanted to get help to directly open the Enlightenment, you needed to pay double under the premise that you had cultivated to concentrate all the Aperture acupoints related to the Ear Aperture. Of course, the Dominator of Samsara in the Six Realms could do it all for you only if you had enough Karma points.

“If you have enough Karma points, you’d better choose all of them. If not, you can choose some of them to get ready for it according to the sum of your Karma points.” Meng Qi nodded slightly and felt much more relaxed. Sarcastically, he silently whispered, Poor An Guoxie!

“If the Desperate Hit belongs to the enlightenment period, I actually have a trick.” Jiang Zhiwei said suddenly with a sweet smile.

As he could only come across the tricks of the Exterior by chance at the present and not ask for them, Meng Qi wanted to exchange for the Desperate Hit bladesmanship, which must belong to the enlightenment period. It had been divided into separate tricks for exchange. If you didn’t have the Primary Instruction and most of the tricks, it could only present the force of Qi storage and the Enlightenment level.

Hearing this, Meng Qi asked with confusion, “Zhiwei, don’t you only know the sword methods?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93: New “Teammates”
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“I’m talking about the sword art.” Jiang Zhiwei seemed to take it for granted.

Meng Qi felt himself teased by her, so he said with a wry smile, “I am incapable of sword art, and it is difficult to learn and master.”

“Anyway, you can’t exchange good blade moves of the Desperate Hit now. It won’t be a waste of time for you to learn the sword art from me during the Samsara task.”Jiang Zhiwei pressed her lips together into an extremely charming smile and said, “Most importantly, I want to check out what weaknesses of this sword art will be exposed on a beginner so that I can modify it. Well, you have a fine foundation of martial arts, which makes the sword art easier to master.”

Meng Qi vaguely sensed that she said the latter sentence to dispel his embarrassment, but he still couldn’t resist asking,”Modify? Is it the sword art created by you?”

Zhang Yuanshan, Qi Zhengyan, and Fu Zhenzhen all looked at Jiang Zhiwei in astonishment. Could she create her own sword art?

It was still an underestimation to call her a natural swordsman!

Meng Qi also had the experience of creating moves, but they basically derived from the change of “Peace Quietude Split” almost without created parts. It was unexpected that Jiang Zhiwei had already begun to create new sword arts through integrating what she had learned.

“Yeah, I thought it’s difficult to use ‘Sword of Anatta’ and had intended to simplify it into a sword art of the Desperate Hit during enlightenment period for daily use. However, I had no clue until I instantly figured out a new idea by integrating the Merciful and Merciless parts of the sword art of the Holy Spirit. Combining it with bits of the both, I created a sword move,” Jiang Zhiwei said frankly.

Her face turned into a rare light-red like broken clouds at dawn which looked incredibly beautiful. She said,”I considered it the top sword move of the Desperate Hit during the enlightenment period. Thus, I named it ‘Yama’s Invitation’.”

This boastful statement made her slightly shy.

“But, but doesn’t it count as imparting the supreme art of school in private? What’s more, we will be obliterated by Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms if we impart the sword art of the Holy Spirit in private.” Meng Qi was rather tempted by her suggestion due to his deep-rooted obsession with sword art. Besides, what Jiang Zhiwei said was absolutely right. He couldn’t exchange new moves of the Desperate Hit now. If he exchanged when returning, he could just spend a lot for direct infusion or Karma points exchanging time for practice. Thus, it wasn’t a waste of time for him to take the opportunity to practice the sword art during the Samsara task.

His face returning to normal, Jiang Zhiwei said with a smile,”It’s a move newly created by me just secretly connecting bits of principles of the sword of the both. It can’t count as the supreme art of school, and we won’t be obliterated by Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms. I just asked that secretly.”

“I see. But it’s probably a bit similar to ‘Sword of Anatta’.” Meng Qi found it quite appealing and asked, “Will we be misapprehended by your Sword Washing Pavilion?” For something like impartation of Gist of Trueness of “Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship”, one could only figure out new moves and new blade gist either through painstaking practice or by chance.

Pretending to be arrogant, Jiang Zhiwei tossed her head and said,”If you use this move in front of the disciples of Sword Washing Pavilion and are misapprehended by them, I must take care of it myself. I will chase until the end of the earth to kill you, the thief monk who stole the supreme art of Sword Washing Pavilion.”

Thief monk… Meng Qi looked embarrassed but felt extremely touched because Jiang Zhiwei was obviously pushing the boundary. Strictly speaking, the experience of practicing “Sword of Anatta” and the sword art of the Holy Spirit, as well as newly-created sword moves, should be included in the sword art of Sword Washing Pavilion. However, since Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms didn’t consider that they derived from the sword art of the Holy Spirit, they were barely exclusive of the supreme art of school accordingly. It just depended on how Jiang Zhiwei considered it.

Thinking about this, Meng Qi put his palms together and bowed sincerely. No matter whether he could cross the threshold of the sword art and master “Yama’s Invitation” during the Samsara task, at least her intention was worth appreciating and remembering.

Jiang Zhiwei didn’t behave affectedly. Receiving Meng Qi’s salute gracefully, she said with a smile,”There is one more thing. Since you have opened your Eye Aperture, you should practice the fifth level of Golden Bell Shield. It’s a solid promotion for you.”

“Yeah,” Meng Qi gently patted his bald head and said. He almost neglected such an important thing. Obviously, he had been enlightened, but he hadn’t thought about practicing the fifth level of Golden Bell Shield.

Tracing it to its cause, he still thought about returning to Shaolin to read the script of Golden Bell Shield without spending Karma points. He unconsciously forgot that he could exchange from Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms. Now, he was far away from Shaolin with a formidable enemy around him. There was not enough time at all for him to practice after returning to Shaolin.

Once he exchanged now, he was likely to cross the threshold of the fifth level during the Samsara task. He would then be able to sharply reduce the attack from common Refined Weapons and general Enlightened Masters, which made it uneasy to break his feats. As for consummation, it took painstaking practice.

From the fifth level of Golden Bell Shield, there was a “Closure” after the consummation of every level. Depending on the body potentials, efforts, and degree of understanding of everyone, one could be “conferred” as high as the first order which had the strength almost twice as strong as the ninth order.

In this way, everyone who practiced Golden Bell Shield would not have the uniform strength after the consummation of every level. Only those who were conferred the top three orders at every level could be expected to claim the Dharmakaya of Vajra in the end.

It was also the convention of Kung Fu. For most people who practiced the same feat and reached the same consummation realm, there was a distinction between high and low.

Reminded by Jiang Zhiwei, Meng Qi immediately took out the jade-slip scroll and flipped through it. The resting period before the task would not last too long, and they would begin the task a bit later.

“Well, the script of the fifth level took 200 Karma points.”With the definite target, Meng Qi quickly found the directory from the fifth to the eighth level of Golden Bell Shield during the enlightenment period. They respectively took 200, 400, 600 and 800 Karma points.

It occurred to Meng Qi that besides Red Sun Evil Blade and Pearflower Storm Needles, he had nothing else for exchange. Thus, swallowing his embarrassment, he looked at Jiang Zhiwei and others with a smile and said, “My faithful friends, you see, I’d ask you for a favor so soon. I just need to borrow 50 Karma points from you. Hey, I’m such a cheeky person.”

Jiang Zhiwei could not refrain from smiling at this funny little monk. “Since you’ve got 150 Karma points, it’s probably enough if I exchange a Hundred-herb Bolus. If so, you will owe me 60 Karma points.”

Hundred-herb Bolus was a panacea for healing during the enlightenment period, and each was worth 100 Karma points. It could be exchanged to Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms for about 60 to 70 Karma points without being devalued like scripts.

Qi Zhengyan suddenly said, “Lady Jiang, you don’t need to exchange your Hundred-herb Bolus. We could probably cobble together enough Karma points. I have 30 spare Karma points.”

Hundred-herb Bolus was a panacea for healing which might save the life of anyone present. Such a waste was unnecessary. There were no more than three or four of them in a bottle.

Zhang Yuanshan clapped his hands and said,” That would be enough. I still have 10 Karma points, and Junior Sister Jiang might also have 10 Karma points left.”

With Karma points cobbled together, Meng Qi smoothly exchanged the script of the fifth level of Golden Bell Shield. Then he roguishly looked at Qi Zhengyan, Jiang Zhiwei, and the others and said, “My faithful friends, you should endeavor to protect me from now on because you won’t be able to get back your Karma points if I’m killed. Ha ha, the one in debt is the boss.”

His thought was so unconstrained. Jiang Zhiwei watched the sky filled with dense white mist like Celestial Court and fairyland, speechless.

They chatted about their experience during this half year. A moment later, there appeared to be three beams of milky light.

“Newcomers?” Zhang Yuanshan held Fu Zhenzhen’s hands indicating that she didn’t need to be nervous.

As the light pillar vanished, there came three strangers — two men and a woman. The woman was tall with squinting eyes, a small nose and thick lips, which did not look good separately but appeared to be rather harmonious integrally. Actually, she could be considered a beauty with her own temperament in her twenties. She was in a dark purple costume and black riding boots with Loving Couple Swords of different lengths at her waist.

Then two men also appeared to be young in their early twenties. One was a giant man with thick eyebrows and big eyes as well as muscles almost bursting his clothes. He showed the heroic and awe-inspiring temperament. Being unarmed, he looked fresh and unrestrained. The other one was shifty-eyed looking at Meng Qi and others with a smile.

None of them showed the panic and confusion of first coming to World of Samsara.

“You are our teammates of this time, right? Let me introduce myself. I’m Luo Shengyi.” The bulky man laughed with one hand cupped in the other before his chest and the aura all around him, “These are my partners Xia Chulin and Xia Dandan. They are sister and brother.”

“Sister and brother, they were so different in appearance. One was a beauty with her own temperament, while the other one was shifty-eyed.” It was the first thought that came to Meng Qi, and so he reacted, “Partners?”

Jiang Zhiwei and others also looked at them quizzically.

Luo Shengyi laughed with ease, “In World of Samsara, different teams are often assigned to collaborate on tasks, and they may become one team after that.”

“Thus, this task is either a tough one which requires the collaboration between our teams or involves standing off against an opposing camp. Either way, it must be dangerous and lives will be taken.”

It seemed that there were quite a few teams in World of Samsara. Meng Qi, Jiang Zhiwei, Zhang Yuanshan, and others stared at each other with the similar thought. Zhang Yuanshan then stepped forward making a brief introduction of the five of them. He made it vague not even mentioning their schools. Who knew whether the three would be enemies in the future?

“I think we should be frank. At least we should tell about our respective martial arts levels, which is better for task arrangement. I’ve opened Seven Apertures, good at fisticuffs with minor fame.” Luo Shengyi would certainly not expose his trump card and martial arts. He just made a rough introduction of his realm.

“Minor fame. You are ‘the Invincible Ironfist,’ Luo Shengyi?” Zhang Yuanshan recalled who he was in no time.

“Exactly,” Luo Shengyi answered neither arrogantly nor modestly.

Seeing the vacant expression on Meng Qi’s face, Jiang Zhiwei said by Secret Voice-sending, “He made his fame by accomplishing several great things that were impossible for someone at his realm. At present, he ranks 30th on the Ranking List of Young Masters.”

It was a higher rank than that of “White-headed Vulture,” An Guoxie, and he couldn’t be despised! Nodding slightly, Meng Qi secretly decided that he shouldn’t only intend to run away for practice in future, it was time to check the Ranking List of Young Masters.

Just as Zhang Yuanshan was about to talk, all became black before everyone’s eyes with the cold and apathetic voice of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms ringing in their ears.

“Devil Tomb was about to be opened. The four sects were going to jointly lay siege to Sacred Fire Mountain, the Head Altar of Devil Cult, eliminating the enemy’s main force and resealing Devil Tomb.”

“Main task one, go to Windcloud Heights, join the alliance of the four sects, attack Devil Cult, break through the Head Altar of Devil Cult, and seal Devil Tomb. You will be rewarded with 300 Karma points for accomplishing it. Failure will result in an equal amount of Karma points being deducted from you.”

“Main task two, Group-rivaling task: Kill the Samsara travelers in the team of Devil Cult. Members of your team will be respectively rewarded with 50 Karma points for killing one person who is in the Qi-cultivation Stage. Failing which, 50 Karma points will be deducted from each of you. All members will be respectively rewarded with 100 Karma points for killing one person with Six Apertures opened or less. Failing which, equal Karma points will be deducted. All members will be respectively rewarded with 200 Karma points for killing one person with Six Apertures opened or more. Failing which, equal Karma points will be deducted. At last, those who do not have enough Karma points will be obliterated.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94: Windcloud Heights
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hearing the reward and deduction of the icy cold Karma points, Meng Qi and others all felt it was especially bloody and cruel because every reward or every deduction meant the disappearance of a living human life.

The Group-rival task was very dangerous!

As the darkness disappeared, there was a lot of humming sounds like countless flies’ fluttering into Meng Qi’s ears.

Meng Qi raised his eyes and found himself in the corner of the lobby of an inn, and in front of him, there were heavy beams and square tables crowded with people.

There were many people with weapons who must obviously be Jianghu men, but they never noticed there were eight more people in the corner now.

Meng Qi turned around and glanced at Jiang Zhiwei, Zhang Yuanshan, and the others. From their eyes, he got the same meaning that the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms was really awful!

At first, Meng Qi had thought the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms would put himself and others in the World of Samsara where there was nobody who would pay attention to them in order for them not to be noticed. Who knew? No one thought anything unusual even if they were placed in the center of a noisy market or in a lobby of an inn. People thought nothing out of the ordinary even when they occasionally looked at them.

“The Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms is so powerful that his means are beyond our imagination. At least, before we achieve the Dharmakaya, we should cut off all unnecessary actions,” Luo Shengyi said smilingly. He seemed to have read Meng Qi and the others’ minds. He didn’t think much of the identity of the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms but just regarded him as an immortal.

“Thanks, Brother Luo for your kind warning,” Zhang Yuan Shan politely replied.

Luo Shengyi raised his hand and pointed to Xia Dandan and her brother. “Xia Dandan who has opened Four Apertures and is adept at the Loving Couple Swords. She is also an expert at the Lightness Skill, concealment, and communication after just opening her Eye Aperture this early summer. What about you?”

Xia Dandan and Xia Chulin seemed to admire Luo Shengyi very much. When he spoke, they restrained their facial expression without any eye movement.

Seeing Luo Shengyi showing his sincerity, Zhang Yuanshan pondered for a moment and said, “I have opened the Four Apertures, and I’m skillful in sword art.”

He pointed to Jiang Zhiwei. “Junior Sister Jiang has long opened the Four Apertures and she is adept at sword art as well. What’s more, she is much better at attacking.”

Jiang Zhiwei had opened her Ear Aperture before the second Samsara task. After Duo Ercha’s Samsara task and her single-person task, and with one and a half years’ intervals, she finished concentrating all Aperture acupoints related to the Nose Aperture. She didn’t exchange for the “Pill of Heavenly Vision and Earthly Hearing” to get a breakthrough just because she thought that over a period of training, she could directly make a breakthrough by herself.

Meng Qi now speculated that she had either already opened Six Apertures or very close to it. Because he had not yet communicated with her about it, he couldn’t be certain.

“Jiang Zhiwei, who has opened Four Apertures, is good at the attacking sword skill.” Hearing Zhang Yuanshan’s introduction, Luo Shengyi suddenly realized, “Could it be Lady Jiang in the Sword Washing Pavilion?”

A girl, who had yet to have been officially tested in Jianghu, was already included in the Ranking List of Young Masters. Therefore, Luo Shengyi had to pay more attention to her. When her name was just introduced, he had some speculation. At this time, after he heard her strength standard, he was more determined about her identity.

Jiang Zhiwei gently nodded. “It is me.”

She was neither proud nor modest.

“With Lady Jiang’s force, this task would be a lot simpler.” Luo Shengyi changed her address to improve their relationship.

Jiang Zhiwei did not answer, and Zhang Yuanshan continued to introduce, “Junior Brother Qi has opened Two Apertures and possessed extraordinary martial arts. His punching and kicking, lightness skill, and sword art are excellent.”

These martial arts such as punching and kicking, internal strength, lightness skill, and so on were included in the Book of the Chaos.

Zhang Yuanshan was not familiar with Qi Zhengyan, Luo Shengyi, Xia Dandan and Xia Chulin at all, so he only nodded to them.

“Junior Brother Zhen Ding, who has opened Two Apertures, is skilled in the bladesmanship with a good Hard Kung.” Zhang Yuanshan paradoxically introduced on purpose. On one hand, he almost explained the way of Meng Qi’s fighting, making it easy to arrange him. On the other hand, he misled others on the direction. The Hard Kung was quite different from the Golden Bell Shield.

Luo Shengyi and Xia Chulin had a look at Meng Qi and only nodded to him while Xia Dandan stared at him from head to foot. Her eyes paused on his Red Sun Evil Blade for a moment. After all, she was adept at the bladesmanship.

“Junior Sister Fu, who has just opened the Eye Aperture, is good at the dirk, palm smashing art, Lightness Skill, and alchemy.” When he got to this part of the introductions, Zhang Yuanshan paused for a moment. “We don’t have the partners who are at the Qi-cultivation Stage. Does this indicate there are such ones in the enemy team?”

Luo Shengyi seemed to have quite rich experiences in the Samsara task so Zhang Yuanshan asked him.

“Yes, but only a few. Generally speaking, both task sides of the Group-rivaling have similar strength by the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms’ arrangement. Even if one side is much stronger, they can compensate for it through the force of the natives in the World of Samsara.” Luo Shengyi agreed with Zhang Yuanshan.

Meng Qi took a light breath. What they said was similar to what he had thought, “It seems that the strength of the hunted is better than us by quite a bit. So we must go to the Windcloud Heights as soon as possible.”

“Ah, the little master is right, and I think so. Chulin, first you go to inquire about the circumstances, and then we set off later,” Luo Shengyi told Xia Chulin.

Xia Chulin stood up with a big smile and walked to a distant table. He quickly joined in those five or six people of the table, toasting to them time and again. They nearly became sworn brothers in this special way.

While Meng Qi and others were intently listening to the information from Xia Chulin, Luo Shengyi continued to say, “However, strength and actual combat power are two different things, and sometimes there may be a landslide situation.”

When it came to this, Luo Shengyi’s facial expression, which had been calm for a long time, changed and vaguely showed a little haze, but he immediately held it back.

When they began to chat, Meng Qi was worried that Luo Shengyi had some special-eavesdropping tricks, so he didn’t attempt to use the psycho-sonic beam to ask Jiang Zhiwei if she had opened her Nose Aperture. After a while, Xia Chulin, who looked more obscene, came back with a red-drunken face.

“The Windcloud Heights is just outside of this city.” The first sentence coming from Xia Chulin made everyone feel at ease.

“Here are all the Jianghu men who want to join in the four sects to encircle the Devil Cult in order to be famous and get some benefit. Among them, there are many small gangs and groups. So we cannot draw much attention.” Xia Chulin’s second sentence let everyone feel relieved.

“However, we have so many people with special relationships, we’d better pretend to belong to the same band in order not to be separated.” After he had finished his third sentence, Xia Chulin took up the cup of tea and had a sip.

Luo Shengyi laughed, “Then let’s set up a temporary band. In your opinion, what is a good name for it?”

He had a very convincing way of expressing his words and deeds making others unconsciously take his advice and follow him.

“Giving it a name? That’s my pleasure.” Meng Qi’s evil addiction broke out and he said, “Let’s call it Power Band.”

“At present, our strength is not very powerful, so we don’t give our band a swagger and mad-tyranted name like ‘Jie Denomination’ or ‘Celestial Court’. With regard to ‘Cyan GarbTower’ or ‘Golden Wind Drizzling Tower’, they are too literary, which don’t match us.”

“Power Band? That means we seize power and have beautiful women around us. It is really a good name,” Luo Shengyi joked. “Little master Zhen Ding, does this name have an allusion?”

“I once heard a storyteller tell me that there were seven young people who were ambitious and wanted to control the world. Therefore, they became sworn brothers and used ‘power’ as their band name, and they swore that before their cause was completed, they wouldn’t use their real names and would only address each other according to their ages, such as Big Li, Five Liu,” Meng Qi blabbed with a big laugh.

Luo Shengyi’s eyes immediately brightened, “What good passion, good ambition, and good action! Big Li, Five Liu… I really like those addresses.”

As he said this, he looked at Jiang Zhiwei and the others, “If we become best friends that are ready to die for each other, we would swear to create a great cause to be fair to the hardship of the Kung Fu and our ability.”

For his self-invited performance, Meng Qi and others only laughed.

Luo Shengyi was not angry, but complacent, and he imposingly asked Meng Qi, “Have these seven brothers created a great cause yet?”

“Of course they have,” Meng Qi replied with a smile.

Luo Shengyi continued to ask, “What about their final outcome?”

“After their success, only Five Liu was still alive.” Meng Qi did not tell them the final outcome.

Luo Shengyi became silent, playing with a wine glass with his right hand. After a while, he said, “Let’s set off for the Windcloud Heights. Chulin, you go on talking about the information you asked about.”

Ten miles outside the city was the extremely broad Windcloud Heights. All the way, Meng Qi and others got to know about common sense from Xia Chulin, such as the four main sects indicating the Windcloud Heights, the Wanjian Sect, the Star-picking Tower, and the Xiaoyue School. They each had an endless-powered Sect-ballasting Supreme Weapon, which was why they became the main four sects.

And all the top martial artists either came from the four main sects or from the Devil Cult. For hundreds of years, there were no top ones from the “unknown” sects.

This made Meng Qi feel rather weird, and the Sect-ballasting Supreme Weapon also let him guess time and again. Of course, they couldn’t be the real Magical Arms, but they might be Precious Weapons of the Exterior level.

There stood a lot of servants outside of the Windcloud Heights gate to welcome all the Jianghu heroes. Seeing Meng Qi and the others coming over, the servants politely greeted them.

“The Power Band?” After hearing Luo Shengyi’s reply, the servant frowned, thought for a while, and then politely smiled. “Every hero, our hotel is full. Please go to other ones first and come back till the Allied Conference begins.”

Luo Shengyi said nothing, and he raised his right hand, clenched his fist, and gently hit the stone lion at the gate.

Pow, pow, pow, the stone lion suddenly turned into a pile of gravel, making people open their eyes wide.

The servant was panicky and scared, looking up and down at Meng Qi’s group. After quite a while, he said, “You, heroes, please come in and have a cup of tea. Let me report to our heightslord.”

Upon entering the heights, Luo Shengyi said to Meng Qi and others, “If we don’t show our strength, we wouldn’t draw any attention. Our side’s strength is a little poor, so we must get in touch with the senior masters of the four main sects as soon as possible.”

“We thought the same,” Zhang Yuanshan politely answered

Meng Qi, Jiang Zhiwei, and Qi Zhengyan glanced at each other, knowing immediately that they had similar ideas. Luo Shengyi’s decisions and disposal methods were correct, but he did not discuss them with others at all, which was a little bossy.

In a flower hall, several people were having tea, waiting for the heightslord to invite them.

“Boss, can I go for a stroll nearby and search for some information?” Xia Chulin cautiously asked.

After getting Luo Shengyi’s permission, he went out with a big smile since he couldn’t sit still for a long time.

A moment later, there came a servant, respectfully saying, “You, our honored guests, our heightslord invites you to his study.”

“OK.” Luo Shengyi stood up and said, and then questioningly mumbled, “Why has Chulin not come back yet?”

When he had hardly finished speaking, the Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms’ voice came to several people’s minds.

“Xia Chulin was killed by the Samsara traveler of the Devil Cult camp. Everyone should deduct 100 Karma points.”

What? Meng Qi and others were a little sluggish and shocked. They didn’t expect the enemies would come so fast! Besides, they did directly do it in the Windcloud Heights!

The danger had already come!

Xia Dandan’s face became pale, and she rushed out with a serious expression. Jiang Zhiwei, Meng Qi, and the others, who didn’t dare to neglect this, quickly kept up with her. The servant was so puzzled that he asked the guards to chase them.

Inquiring about her brother’s accident, Xia Dandan found Xia Chulin’s whereabouts. He was dead in a guest room.

She opened the door and stepped inside. She suddenly exclaimed and subconsciously took a step back.

Meng Qi stood on tiptoes and only saw Xia Chulin and an old man both fell in the room with a serene and happy look. Their skin under their heads was shrunken and jaundiced and shaped like a mummy.

“Ajati Finger,” Meng Qi surprisingly talked to himself.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95: The Night Comes
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Gu Xiaosan…” Qi Zhengyan and Zhang Yuanshan blurted out at the same time.

This odd condition of death, in addition to the strength that killed Xia Chulin with ease, made Meng Qi and the rest felt like they were reliving yesterday’s events. They only thought of only one person: Gu Xiaosang, Holy Maid of Luo Denomination.

Ajati Finger was the secret of Advent of Ajati Matriarch that would not be passed down. It contained the highest mystery of returning to Vacuum Hometown and embracing Ajati Matriarch. In previous generations, only founders of sects, goddesses, and a few Venerable Guardians who made great contributions could cultivate this skill. Therefore, Meng Qi and the rest were quite sure that Gu Xiaosang must be here. Those Venerable Guardians were Top Class Masters at the very least and strong men of the Exterior. Thus, even Samsara travelers would not have the Group-rivaling task. Otherwise, they could just kill everyone here and not give themselves so much unnecessary work this way.

It was even more impossible for this to be the work of Cult Lord of Luo Denomination. He had gained the evil saint of Vacancy Dharmakaya and ranked sixth in the Celestial Rankings. It was probably no difficult task for him to destroy the entire world.

Hearing several people blurting out “Ajati Finger” and “Gu Xiaosang”, the expression of the all-along calm Luo Shengyi darkened. He spoke in a low voice, “Is it Gu Xiaosang, the reincarnation of Ajati Matriarch who ranks fourth in the Ranking List of Young Masters?”

“Yes, that’s her,” Meng Qi answered frankly, as Luo Shengyi was their teammate. He has opened his Seven Apertures and was a powerful fighter. If Meng Qi hid this and allow Gu Xiaosang to kill Luo Shengyi in a sneak attack, it was not just an issue of being deducted 200 Karma points. The strength of their whole team would be decreased at least 40%. When that time came, they would have very slim chances of winning.

Luo Shengyi restrained his surprise and nodded. “Ajati Finger deserves its reputation…”

After sighing, he looked at a shocked and grieving Xia Dandan and said, “300,000 Karma points. Grand Luo Golden Talisman can resurrect Chulin once. It’s not hopeless.”

300,000 Karma points… Meng Qi was surprised. That was the exact price to leave World of Samsara. In other words, only by giving up the hope of leaving this Samsara nightmare that can one save a life. This is a hard choice to make.

But either way, there existed a glimmer of hope. Sometimes people can only survive carrying a little hope.

Xia Dandan smiled with a tinge of sadness. “Brother, 300,000 points is just like a painted pie, inaccessible like Buddhism Bliss Land. I don’t expect it, I only hope to kill Gu Xiaosang to avenge Chulin.”

Luo Shengyi said, sincerely and full of pride, “If Chulin isn’t killed by someone else, I, Luo Shengyi, will kill Gu Xiaosang to avenge her.”

Hearing his words, Meng Qi’s mouth twitched. The shrewd and vicious Gu Xiaosang, with her strong Kung Fu and abundant resources, would be difficult to kill. That was unless she had a sudden relapse and turned into Little Zi.

Meanwhile, the servants and guardians of Windcloud Heights carefully examined the corpse. They all wore pale faces of fright when they saw the strange deaths.

A portion of them went to inform their lord, while the rest stayed to watch Meng Qi and the rest.

Among them, one old and wise man said, “My esteemed guests, you seem to know the murderer, judging by your conversation earlier.”

Luo Shengyi had always acted like their leader, but he did not know much about Gu Xiaosang. He tilted his head and looked at Meng Qi.

Meng Qi paused a moment and said, “Amitabha. The murderer is our acquaintance. Vicious and insidious, she’s the new master of Devil Cult. Her strength is just slightly below the Cult Lord of Devil Cult.”

He had yet to figure out the strength of everyone in this world yet, so he had to make up something. Either way, it was fine to depict Gu Xiaosang as a very powerful person.

“Only slightly below Devil Hu? Is she at the peak of Secrecy-reaching and is about to accomplish Trance-entering?” The man paled with shock. It was hard for him to believe because Cult Lord of Devil Cult and his heightslord enjoyed the same reputation all this while. They were the two mainstays of Right Sect and Evil Cult, stronger than others. If the murderer was only slightly beneath Devil Hu, was she as strong as the head of Wanjian Sect, Tai Shang Elders of Star-picking Tower, and the Portal-guarding Elder of Xiaoyue School?

But only these strong masters were capable of assassinating a strong man who had accomplished Secrecy-reaching within the heights.

“Amitabha. Monks don’t lie,” Meng Qi said with a sincere face.

The man in charge was startled and asked, “When did Devil Cult have such a master? Little monk, what’s her name and what does she look like? Please describe her in detail. It would make it easier for me to order my disciples to search for her.”

“Her name is Gu Xiaosang and she would sometimes call herself Little Zi. She’s a girl about 18 or 19 years old. She has good features and a comely appearance with a bright temperament…” Meng Qi roughly recalled his memories of Gu Xiaosang.

The man in charge nodded and ordered the guardians on his sides, “Such girl must be very outstanding. You ask our disciples to search carefully for her. Remember, don’t make a blind attack. Upon finding her, just yell and retreat.”

He turned to Meng Qi and the rest and said, “My esteemed guests, please stay within Flowers Hall. Don’t go outside or walk around. Just wait for my heightslord’s summon.”

After everything that had happened, he could only cancel the heightslord’s summon earlier and await his decision. Besides, he was not clear about the background of this powerful group comprising monks, Taoists, and civilians. They were rather suspicious and he must not allow them to casually move around.

“We’ll do as per your arrangements,” Luo Shengyi answered, smiling.

Xia Dandan pursed her lips. “Can I carry Chulin’s body into Flowers Hall? If you need to examine the body and discern his kungfu, you can come to the hall.”

The man in charge allowed her to do so because there was another corpse for him to deal with.

“Wait a minute,” Fu Zhenzhen suddenly said.

She was sweet and graceful with acquaintances, but afraid of strangers. Thus, she seldom spoke with others. Her words froze them and they all looked at her in surprise.

Her face turning red and staring at her toes, she said, “There are some types of poison that are specially used on corpses and their clothes to attack anyone who touches them.”

Xia Dandan jumped backward, away from her younger brother.

“Chulin’s death made me unable to control my emotions. I forgot such an easy trap.” Luo Shengyi sighed and waved his tunic. A breeze swelled Xia Chulin’s clothes. Jiang Zhiwei and those who had opened their Eye Apertures examined his body. They all saw a light blue glow appearing on his clothes.

The man in charge was terrified, thankful that he did not move the corpse due to his weak strength. It was fortunate that he merely checked the form of Chulin’s death and his surroundings. Otherwise, he would have died.

“Zhenzhen, can you remove these poison?” Zhang Yuanshan signaled Fu Zhenzhen to deal with the corpse.

Fu Zhenzhen raised her head slightly and replied, “I recognize this poison. You’ll be safe as long as you don’t directly touch his skin.”

“Gu Xiaosang is also good at using poison?” Meng Qi whispered to Jiang Zhiwei.

Jiang Zhiwei was always on guard. She shook her head and said, “Maybe she has a teammate who is good with poison.”

Later, Xia Dandan, with a somber face, tore off a piece of cloth and wrapped it around her hands. She carried Xia Chulin back to Flowers Hall, planning to bury him somewhere after leaving Windcloud Heights.

After two hours, Meng Qi and the others finally met the heightslord of Windcloud Heights, Gu Kongshan. He was an old man around 50 years old. He was a stalwart man with black hair, a straight back, and an aura of authority without being stern. He was tailed by three men and two women, a mix of young and old. They were either Elders or his favorite Disciples.

“Where are you from?” Gu Kongshan asked them directly.

Luo Shengyi had a rough idea of the distribution of forces and geographical positions here from Xia Chulin, so he casually lied that they were from a remote province.

Gu Kongshan noncommittally nodded. He said with a somber expression, “We didn’t find Gu Xiaosang. She must have left the heights in the chaos. You must be careful and don’t leave where you live.”

He did not say more nor ask about their strength. He just told them to return to their rooms after exchanging greetings.

Back in the yard he was arranged to stay in, Zhang Yuanshan said in a low voice, “Gu Kongshan seems to suspect us a little.”

Luo Shengyi said with a small smile, “He doesn’t know where we’re from. If such things happen to me, I’d be skeptical too. But he would take us along anyway. When we combine our strength, we’re pretty powerful. If we all have the same goal, we can explore the way and overcome difficulties for him. We could even be his scapegoats. If we are Devil Cult spies, he could just countermine to impair Devil Cult’s strength. Spies are not horrible; what’s horrible are unknown spies.”

Jiang Zhiwei and Qi Zhengyan did not like the autocratic Luo Shengyi. They went back to their respective rooms to harmonize their Qi-circulation after discussing and making plans.

Meng Qi was in a hurry to return so he could cultivate the fifth level of Golden Bell Shield. Without delay, he just chatted a little more with the rest in his room.

He had not cultivated for long when Fu Zhenzhen and Zhang Yuanshan knocked on his door.

“What happened?” Meng Qi looked at them in surprise.

Pointing at Fu Zhenzhen, Zhang Yuanshan said with a smile, “Zhenzhen composed a kind of medicine powder which could expel poisonous insects. So we’re to spray some in your room.”

“There’s such a good thing?” Meng Qi said happily, surprised.

Fu Zhenzhen and Meng Qi were rather familiar with each other now. She laughed behind her hands. “I worry that our enemies might use poisonous insects to launch a sneak-attack at night, so I mixed realgar, Five Generation Seed, Poisonous Root, and other medicine to expel most poisonous insects.”

So it was just to expel insects. Meng Qi laughed quietly to himself as he watched Fu Zhenzhen scatter the powder by the door and the windows. He felt quite happy to have a teammate who was a master of medicine and poison.

The night was quiet. Meng Qi sat up in bed and a golden flow flew through his meridians, making him look like a bronze statue.

A rap on the door woke Meng Qi.

“Who is it?” Meng Qi recollected his running inner force and genuine Qi and asked vigilantly. If it was Gu Xiaosang outside his door, he could only be shameless and yell for help.

“It’s me.” It was Jiang Zhiwei’s voice. “I’m here to teach you Yama Inviting.”

Meng Qi was quite relieved to hear the words ‘Yama Inviting’. It could not be a fake Jiang Zhiwei, so he opened the door to let her in.

Jiang Zhiwei had changed her clothes and was dressed as she was when Meng Qi first met her. Her light yellow long hair, a little wet, was over her shoulder. She had a kind of indolence and unprecedented quality at that moment.

Seeing Meng Qi’s surprise, she laughed without shyness and said, “After my bath, I remembered I hadn’t taught you Yama Inviting, so I came here to bother you. Little monk, don’t you welcome me?”

She tossed a long sword, borrowed from the heights, to him as she talked.

“I absolutely welcome you. It’s my honor.” Meng Qi took the long sword and straightaway asked her about sword art without any unnecessary words.

Jiang Zhiwei did not stand on ceremony, either. She sat beside the table and spoke with fervor and assurance with the occasional demonstration. She had an outstanding gift for sword arts and she concentrated her attention and worked hard. She not only knew how but also why to use a sword. Therefore, when teaching, she could explain profound theories in simple terms and go straight to the heart of the matter, enabling Meng Qi to learn it quickly.

Meng Qi was good at bladesmanship and his occasional questions about bladesmanship also helped her discover and understand new things.

Jiang Zhiwei taught carefully and Meng Qi learned carefully. The watchman’s clapper rang before they knew it, signaling it was late night.

“We should stop here tonight. We should maintain our strength for any sneak-attack.” Jiang Zhiwei covered her mouth, yawning.

Meng Qi nodded. Remembering something, he asked, “Zhiwei, have you opened your Nose Aperture?”

Jiang Zhiwei answered with a smile, “In Sword Washing Pavilion, the development of sword art must be accompanied by the advance of cultivation. Since I could invent Yama Inviting myself, I naturally have opened Nose Aperture.”

Not finishing her words, she raised her fingers to her lips, signaling Meng Qi to be quiet. She waved her left hand to put out the candle.

Meng Qi stopped talking and waited quietly. After a while, a noise came from outside the door.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96: Eagle Eyes
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The night was quiet and people could hardly hear any noise. Jiang Zhiwei told him about it and his hearing recovered a lot. Now he could hear.

Next, some similar noise came from the windows. The noise was not so clear and flowed around the house. Sometimes, something hit the door and window frames but nothing weird happened.

Meng Qi suddenly knew that and whispered, “It is poisonous insects.”

Jiang Zhiwei must have known about the “Repellent Powder” planned by Fu Zhenzhen.

Jiang Zhiwei nodded slightly and said by the psycho-sonic beam, “We can walk out and look for the man who put these poisonous wombs. Maybe the man is still around here. Hehe. You just entered Enlightenment and don’t have a close relationship with Master. Besides, you don’t know a lot about this sect. Therefore, you didn’t even learn the common dharma-mukha psycho-sonic beam. Maybe I can teach you later and do good deeds as a good person.”

Under this tense situation, she was not anxious but relaxed and laughed at Meng Qi. Actually, she looked relaxed but was conscious of this situation. She was on high alert. As for doing good deeds as a good person, she just said it randomly and learned it from Meng Qi during talking.

“Sister…” Meng Qi did not say anything and just snorted.

Jiang Zhiwei walked close to the door and waved the Sword of the Sun-Penetrating Rainbow to open the door. Under the moonlight, there were spiders, centipedes, venomous snakes, and other unknown strange insects. Some were creamy, some were fluffy, and some were disgusting. Some were dark green, some were black, some were light green, and some were colorful, which made people scared.

They were not so big and could be hardly seen in the dark night. Mosquitoes with blood silk were flying in the sky. Obviously, they were a special species of poisonous insects.

Those poisonous insects were moving around the door and were afraid of the powder put out by Fu Zhenzhen. They did not move across the powder.

Jiang Zhiwei waved her sword and pointed at those insects. Suddenly, she became very serious and looked like a sharp sword. Seeing her, people could feel their eyes stinging.

She took a slight breath and overcame the fear of insects and snakes. She wore white short boots and walked out of the house.

Strangely, insects and snakes that Jiang Zhiwei had passed by were shocked by the will of her sword. They drew back out of fear and automatically made way for Jiang Zhiwei.

Meng Qi secretly praised her for that. He took out Red Sun Evil Blade and followed her.

He could not act like Jiang Zhiwei. Once he took out the sword, he needed to stay still or fight by it. Therefore, he walked quickly around the flying mosquitoes and snakes and changed his movements.

Those poisonous insects were confused by the powder and moved slowly. Meng Qi finally entered the yard.

To be honest, he was not afraid of those common poisonous insects. He would be fine if those poisonous things bit him because they could not break his Golden Bell Shield. He walked quickly using Lightning Changes because he was unwilling to touch those disgusting creatures.

The moonlight was clean and cold and the yard was clear. Those common creatures had been defeated by poisonous creatures.

Meng Qi did not walk away from Jiang Zhiwei. They searched two different parts of the yard.

“Ah! Ah! Ah!”

Suddenly, a pitiful scream burst out and broke the quiet night. The scream that was heard was shrill and made people frightened.

“Did those poisonous creatures attack other places?” Meng Qi turned back and made eye-contact with her. They saw the confusion in each other’s eyes. “Does the Devil Cult change its situation and win back its reputation? Does it attack Windcloud Heights?”

The screams stopped but the other screams burst out. Those screams were continuous and rose from different places.

“Badman Ganer!” somebody yelled at the center of Windcloud Heights. The yelling shocked the Nine Heavens and broke stones and cut through clouds. Meng Qi and Jiang Zhiwei were not in that place but they could hear it clearly.

Then, a heavy storm rose from the center and blew in all directions. Most snakes and worms and flying things were too weak to endure the storm. They were blown to the sky and flew out of the yard.

Meng Qi and Jiang Zhiwei’s clothes made some noise. They put their strength into their feet to keep their bodies steady.

“Is heightslord an expert of the Exterior?” Meng Qi was surprised. “If we come across the monster of the Devil Cult, what can we do?”

Jiang Zhiwei frowned and shook her head confusedly. “I saw the strange scene of Heaven-earth Merging but I haven’t seen the Exterior deterrence. It is so strange. Besides, this power is much weaker than the other common Exterior in this area. But it has the power of controlling, which Half-step to the Exterior doesn’t have. It is so strange.”

She was the best descendant of her generation of Sword Washing Pavilion and she knew more about the Exterior than Meng Qi.

This storm only blew over the yard center and guest resting yard and did not cover a huge area.

Jiang Zhiwei felt this storm alone. Suddenly, Meng Qi heard a noise from the flowers around him. He suddenly had an idea and chopped with his sword.

Red Sun Evil Blade had the red light like the roasting of a fire. It cut down flowers, burnt branches, and cut through the edge of his clothes.

The hidden one seemed to notice something and drew back. His clothes were torn, his skin was burnt, and he took a slight breath.

When Meng Qi was about to wave his sword to continue his attacks, he saw white smoke rising from the flowers. Then, he held his breath and moved back.

In the white smoke, the flowers and trees died and they were covered with a layer of green. Jiang Zhiwei walked near with her sword. Out of caution, she did not follow that man, who crossed over the wall and ran away quickly.

“Heihei.” That man laughed jeeringly and moved quickly. Finally, he disappeared into the darkness.

“It wasn’t Gu Xiaosang.” The white smoke was gone and Meng Qi sighed. At first, he thought that it was a female. But according to the fight and voice, it could not be Gu Xiaosang. It was probably Gu Xiaosang’s teammate.

The manor returned to quietness, as now there seemed to be no more enemies. It just was attacked by poisonous creatures.

Jiang Zhiwei shook her head. “It must be Enlightenment! Poisonous creatures and medicine are terrible. She has good Kung Fu. If I come across her in the future, I won’t let her escape. I must kill her within a fist.”

That guy seemed to be not good at Kung Fu, but he was dangerous.

Fu Zhenzhen and Zhang Yuanshan hurried there. One was busy in collecting the flying things and the other said seriously, “Those poisonous creatures attacked this manor. I guess many people died from them.”

His room faced the manor center and he noticed a lot.

“If this matter appears every day and can not be solved, the union attacking the Devil Cult will be broken and everyone will be frightened.” Luo Shengyi walked from the side yard calmly.

Meng Qi laughed, “Our suspicion has increased.”

…

Inside the city. In a courtyard having three halls—

“Little Zi, Hong Xiu, well done! You killed an enemy and made the Windcloud Heights frightened. There must be jealous infighting.” A young man clapped his hands. He did not bundle his long hair or insert a hairpin. His long hair was draped over his shoulders randomly. His eyebrows were thick and they seemed to be printed with ink. His eyes were bright and they made him handsome.

A young girl in a colorful dress laughed, “Brother Yun, it is because you planned it successfully.”

The young man called Brother Yun laughed, “Hong Xiu, you are really good at praising. To be honest, I felt strange that the discovery didn’t arrive at the Head Altar. Now, I think it is good. Little Zi, I never thought you were so good at fighting. You could easily kill an Enlightenment enemy.”

“En, it was an accident,” a young girl with thick eyebrows and bright eyes laughed and said. She was thin and wore a white dress. She was beautiful and elegant and looked like a fairy in the sky.

“Accidently? So what did you plan to do?” on the other side, a weedy scholar turned his head up and asked. He was thin and weak, his face was pale, and he looked like a girl. He looked coquettish and coughed a lot. Two beautiful young girls stood beside him and held his arms.

Those two young girls had white and thin skin. They looked pure. A kind of indescribable enchantment poured out from every inch of their bodies, like their red and hydrated lips; like their clear and clean eyes; and like their thin clavicles.

That young man glanced at those two young girls and swallowed, turning down the corners of his mouth, and looked at Hong Xiu.

Little Zi’s eyes blurred. “I just wanted to see if my little lover was there. I couldn’t feel at ease if I didn’t kill him.”

“Little lover? Is he?” The young man whose last name was Yun frowned.

Little Zi stretched her eyebrows and smiled. “Of course he was there. He was taller and white. Handsome!”

The young man whose last name was Yun felt something wrong. He picked up his eyebrows. “Little Zi, you are good at Kung Fu and have a special name. Why did I never hear your name before?”

“Is the name Yu Longzi rare?” Little Zi laughed. “What’s more, you two are martial pros of Eight Apertures. You are as good as others in the Ranking List of Young Masters. Why have I never heard Yun Tingfeng or Su Yuanying before?”

There were seven people in the room. They were Little Zi, Su Yuanying, two charming young girls beside Su Yuanying, Yun Tingfeng, Hong Xiu, and a thin man in black on the left.

“You are right.” Yun Tingfeng stretched the eyebrows and smiled. “We both don’t hunt for reputation and our names should be rare to hear. However, I don’t believe Yu Longzi is your true name.”

He looked at Little Zi with a smile.

Little Zi smiled and looked directly into his eyes with confidence. “It is my true name.”

Yun Tingfeng moved his eyes away and nodded. “Hong Xiu, Ying Sha, what do you think of the enemies?”

Hong Xiu smiled. “Luo Shengyi and Jiang Zhiwei are masters of the Ranking List. They have great power and can not be ignored. Besides, we should also take importance in a guy like the Taoist and his little lover. One of them is good at changing movements and the other is long in medical theory and poison theory. The rest are useless to speak about.”

“The woman with double knives is not bad. The dead-faced man and the bald ass are good in some way. Those two guys should be the weakest points,” black Ying Sha added.

Su Yuanying stopped coughing and listened carefully. Yun Tingfeng listened and nodded. He looked at Little Zi. “Little Zi, what do you think of their judgment?”

Little Zi smiled. “They all have eagle eyes and made the right judgment. They are right.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97: Secrecy-reaching
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yun Tingfeng smiled with satisfaction. He said, “We can go to kill Luo Shengyi and Jiang Zhiwei respectively as the time is right. As long as they die, other people are useless. Haha, we are hidden and they are exposed, it’s really a great chance. We need to be careful though, and had better avoid Gu Kongshan. The Peerless Masters in this world are both strong and mysterious.”

Although Little Zi had easily killed an Enlightened enemy, he thought that this girl, whose breath was still not strong, could not be at the same level with him and Su Yuanying.

Speaking of this, he slightly frowned. “Just now the moves of Gu Kongshan, you must see, are somehow like the Exterior but different from the Exterior. What level does this belong to? Out of the Family, Within the Family, Secrecy-reaching, or Trance-entering? The former two are understandable as they are accorded with the Kung Fu conventions, while the Secrecy-reaching and Enlightenment are completely different. They are unique and have the features of the Exterior, while not that powerful as the Exterior. They have the body of the Enlightenment while lacking the capability of the Enlightenment.”

The Enlightenment that he mentioned was the eyesight of Eye Apertures, hearing of Ear Apertures, and so on.

As for the Trance-entering, it was only a legend in this world, so just leave it.

“Maybe he borrowed the outside force. Well, can’t you see that there’re no Secrecy-reaching masters out of the four sects and the Devil Cult? And Secrecy-reaching also has a classification. The powerful ones like Gu Kongshan strongly hit the world. The less powerful ones, like the external door manager of the Windcloud Heights, can only begin the action by using the wind. Without wind, they run even less slowly than her, while she’s just a servant girl with advanced success of Qi-cultivation,” said the man with a feminine face, Su Yuanying, with a faint smile.

“Outside force? Is it that his training way is the opposite? First, borrow the power of the sky and earth, and then train the body, and last combine the two?” Yun Tingfeng crossed his fingers, holding his jaw.

Su Yuanying moved his forefinger, stroking the cheek of the servant girl next to him. He smiled and said, “How to borrow?”

Yun Tingfeng would not talk about it if he could figure it out himself. After thinking for a while, he said, “Brother Su, do you have any idea about it?”

Su Yuanying was only smiling. He turned to Little Zi and said, “Are we going to make chaos these days?”

Little Zi looked vaguely outside the window. She said curtly, “I won’t do it anyway.”

Yun Tingfeng replied, “The chaos is enough. And Windcloud Heights is now alert. Next time, we may be stopped by Gu Kongshan. It’s better to let them be cautious, panicky, and exhausted. When they’re in the desert, we can find ways to separate and kill them.”

“Good. When arriving in the desert, I have ways to make them panic.” Su Yuanying finished his words and then patted the two servant girls’ shoulders. Then he left, supported by the girls with their hands.

After Su Yuanying left, after a while, Hong Xiu muttered, “This invalid is so arrogant. Hum, his servant girls have just reached advanced success of Qi-cultivation, what could he be proud of?”

She quite disliked those two seductive girls as well as Su Yuanying.

Yun Tingfeng smiled, not angry about Su Yuanying’s arrogance. He stroked Hong Xiu’s hair and said, “Don’t look down upon others. Those two girls may have gained some special technique and become Su Yuanying’s incense stove, thus they can hardly reach Enlightenment.”

“What technique is he practicing that he should need such a weird incense stove? And how can he make chaos in the desert?”

He looked at Little Zi when he was saying the latter sentence.

Little Zi looked back from the window and gracefully stood up, looking as fresh and gorgeous as an orchid in the valley. Slowly walking toward the door, she twitched her mouth with irony. “It’s just about borrowing the outside force. He’s not much different from Gu Kongshan. Only that he can control himself while others can’t.”

“What do you mean?” Yun Tingfeng rashly stood up, while Little Zi did not answer him.

Squinting his eyes and watching Little Zi disappear in the dark, Yun Tingfeng snorted. “Strange people. I’ll let you know my power sooner or later.”

“Brother Yun, I’ll handle that little monk when the time comes. He dares to tear my clothes and hurt my skin.” Hong Xiu acted petulantly.

Yun Tingfeng again raised a smile and stroked Hong Xiu’s long hair. “Don’t damage him too much. Without a stream, there is no river or sea.”

…

The wind like fire was hot and dry; the sand as if made of iron, pained the face badly. Meng Qi, a man, and a woman were walking cautiously in the semi-desert.

Xia Chulin’s death did not panic Windcloud Heights, while the invasion of the poisonous insects lit up terror in the people’s hearts. Everyone was jittery and rumors were constant. Some rumors were somehow reasonable, as if many enchanters of the Devil Cult were hiding in Windcloud Heights, ready to do damage.

In this condition, Meng Qi naturally got a cold reception and was met with caution. And seeing this situation, Wanjian Sect, Star-picking Tower, and Xiaoyue School all stopped moving forward, for they were afraid of being involved and making their own sects and sub-sects panic.

At last, only the heads of the three sects came and roughly held an alliance meeting. Then they decided to move together, thus they could rescue each other and meanwhile it would not affect all the teams when one team got into a mess. Meng Qi and the others were undoubtedly divided into the Windcloud Heights.

Sacred Fire Mountain was located in the deep desert, many suitable spots for ambushes. Thus, scouts were sent by Windcloud Heights to explore the front to keep the enemies from surrounding them.

As the people being primarily suspected and used, Meng Qi and the other six people were naturally asked to join the scouts. But Gu Kongshan was a long-sighted person, considering things thoughtfully. He should add his 10 good disciples and manager to the group of scouts to avoid the dissatisfaction of the others.

Later, Meng Qi and the other six were divided to separately join two or three persons’ teams with disciples and managers of Windcloud Heights. They took turns to explore the front. And they wanted to take advantage of this, using the scouts’ team as bait to lure Gu Xiaosang and company. Thus, those people hidden went out and gave a deadly attack, at utmost killing the enemies’ effective strength. And if there was a chance, they would drag on and wait for masters like Gu Kongshan of Windcloud Heights to rescue them.

“Though we’re not in the desert, the sandstorm is horrible. Can we go to that ruined temple in front to avoid it?” Chen Xiao, the female disciple of Windcloud Heights put her hand on her face, afraid that the sandstorm had hurt her skin.

Though she was asking, the one she was asking was just the male disciple of Windcloud Heights, while she subconsciously ignored Meng Qi, the strange young monk.

Chen Xiao was good-looking. Male disciple Luo You smiled and said, “In this sandstorm, even the enemies won’t go out. They may hide in the ruined temple, and we can catch them then. Isn’t that right, little Master Zhen Ding?”

He was asked by the manager to focus on Meng Qi and his company.

Meng Qi was cautious of a sneak-attack all the time. He said carelessly, “In such wind and sand, we can’t find the enemies even if they pass right by.”

“What you say is reasonable. Then we’d better hide in the temple.” Luo You nodded his head. And he smiled at Chen Xiao and said, “Junior Sister Chen, the ruined temple is said to be the divine temple in honor of the Devil Lord. Later, the Devil Lord broke in the Ninefold Sky and was killed by an immortal, thus the divine temple was ruined.”

It was the semi-desert, where some places were growing strong poplars which formed a small woods. And there was a ruined divine temple in the woods.

Meng Qi had heard about the legend these days. After being killed, the maimed body of the Devil Lord fell to earth and formed a Devil Tomb in the Sacred Fire Mountain. Every 60 years, the Devil Qi rose up. The one who was infected by the Devil Qi would fall into the Devil Path and go off the deep end, while their Kung Fu would greatly boom and it would be possible for them to gain the Secrecy-reaching and Trance-entering.

This world used to be in a great calamity several times because of the Devil Tomb. Until the immortals came to the world and made the four Magical Arms, which were used to seal it every 60 years, the disaster of the Devil Tomb eventually disappeared.

And it was said that if someone was born with a great destiny, the door of the Devil Tomb would completely open up, bringing the maimed body and impartation of the Devil Lord to that very person. Then the devil would again live in the world and put his sword into the Ninefold Sky.

Pushing the half-covering door of the temple, Luo You and Chen Xiao examined around as they had some Jianghu experience, and then they found some branches and dead grass to set a fire to keep warm.

Meng Qi took out the dry food and roasted it, and devoured it with the clean water in his bottle gourd as a food supplement.

“Little Master Zhen Ding, it seems that you haven’t gained the Secrecy-reaching, but your Lightness Skill is truly terrific.” Luo You took the chance to speak to him about it.

Chen Xiao also looked at Meng Qi with her beautiful eyes, her right hand subconsciously placed on the handle of her long sword.

Meng Qi bolted down the steamed bun and said smilingly, “Maybe I have talent.”

Who the hell knows what Secrecy-reaching is!

“These days, I and others are being suspected a lot, so it’s hard to know the important information. Thus, I can only understand the division of the states, but don’t know about the peculiarity of Secrecy-reaching and Trance-entering.” But Meng Qi had great improvements in the roughly 10 days. The fifth level of Golden Bell Shield was increasingly smooth, thus maybe it needed only 10 days or half a month to be initiated. And he had initially mastered the common knowledge about the sword art. He also remembered the changes of the Yama Inviting well, thus he did not need the personal teaching of Jiang Zhiwei every night.

“I see.” Su You did not ask too much. While smiling, he said, “If there’s any chance, I’d like to ask you for advice, to see which is more powerful, Secrecy-reaching or talent.”

He and Chen Xiao also had stepped into Secrecy-reaching, while they were still at the primary stage.

“Amitabha, it’s my pleasure.” Meng Qi had long wondered what Secrecy-reaching was.

Looking at the blade and sword on Meng Qi’s waist, Chen Xiao secretly smiled and said, “Little Master, which do you use exactly, the blade or the sword?”

“Can’t I have Sword Blade Ambidexterity?” Meng Qi said smilingly. “Three blades, three swords, and three master techniques seem to be awesome as well… ”

When Chen Xiao was about to speak, she suddenly changed her face, as there was a shadow coming from the beam. It came to her directly and unexpectedly.

She and Su You first met this tremendous change and could not react immediately, they just watched the shadow pouncing on her with their faces turning white.

Suddenly, a dark-red blade light flashed before her eyes. Rapidly, with some indescribable charm, a cut was made on the shadow.

The shadow screamed, and the twisted shadow-like stuff around her suddenly disappeared. He totally collapsed, with the dark-red blade slash remaining on his abdomen, burning the black gas.

Gasping with fright, Chen Xiao pointed at the corpse. “It, it’s the Secrecy-reaching Elder of the Devil Cult! He can already shape as a shadow!”

Meng Qi looked at the corpse on the ground with confusion. “It’s indeed profound and mysterious that he can use Form Blending as a shadow, but his real Kung Fu strength is common, and even not comparable to me when I was in the advanced success of Qi-cultivation.”

But his black atmosphere is strange. If not for the Red Sun Evil Blade being truly excellent, one cut may not have killed him, and he might have by chance escaped.

After saying that, Chen Xiao suddenly turned to Meng Qi with astonishment. She widened her beautiful eyes and said, “You, one cut, you use just one cut to kill the Elder of the Devil Cult?”

Luo You also returned to himself and then unbelievably looked at Meng Qi.

“Well, because his posture is quite good,” Meng Qi said with a faint smile.

…

On the top of a small mountain in the distance, Yun Tingfeng and others were watching the ruined temple.

“Brother Su, now it’s your show time,” he said to Su Yuanying with great hope.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98: The Killers and the Victims.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Su Yuanying had a bizarre appearance. He smiled arrogantly. “I beg you to take a step back.”

In addition to the Samsara traveler, three mysterious people wrapped in black robes stood on the peak of this remote hill. The evil black air loomed up from under their hoods uncannily.

Yun Tingfeng reacted calmly toward Su Yuanying, waving to let Hong Xiu and Ying Sha step back together. Little Zi looked on smiling and didn’t say anything.

The moment Su Yuanying raised his right hand, his breath suddenly varied dramatically from the weak and bizarre appearance to evil, magnificent, and mighty. It made people unconsciously want to worship or even make a full sacrifice for him.

He became an altogether different person very quickly.

Yun Tingfeng was startled at first and then came to his senses, revealing a smile at the corners of his mouth.

He subconsciously glanced at Little Zi, finding her in peace with a smile. “She really has foreseen that.”

At this point, Su Yuanying’s breath reached a climax. A gap broke between the eyebrows, from which came out a faint green vertical eye. Upon catching sight of this eye, one’s soul would be seized.

As the green radiance of the vertical eye became increasingly intense, the sandstorm in the semidesert became violent all of a sudden, with billowing wind and sand like doomsday.

The sandstorm blew from the desert. It seemed horrible but was just an aftershock, not really that dangerous. But now this place seemed to have turned into the center of the sandstorm. The blowing wind continued to spread, submerging the dilapidated temple and the nearby areas and billowed forward to shroud everything, completely cutting off the link between the major forces of Windcloud Heights and Chihou.

Anyone in the midst of the sandstorm would lose himself under these circumstances. They would not be able to see in front of them or hear movement nearby. Rescuing, ambushing or sieging would be of no use.

“Well, they have been completely separated. We can kill them one by one, without having to worry about Gu Kongshan rescuing them.” Su Yuanying’s lips were bright red, as if he had sucked the blood of others. He had a rosy face and no more cough at all.

The sandstorm was a normal meteorological variation. He had only borrowed its power to make it stronger. He was not concerned that Gu Kongshan would perceive something unusual.

Yun Tingfeng clapped his hands and laughed. “The invincible might of Brother Su is really extraordinary, it can lead to meteorological changes. Luo Shengyi, Jiang Zhiwei and other people absolutely did not expect that the ambush trap would actually turn into their own despair. Brother Su, let’s join our hands to kill Luo Shengyi! He ranks higher than Jiang Zhijiu on the Ranking List of Young Masters who are the biggest threat. ”

They hadn’t made the kill order before, because they had to look at each other’s distance and see who was more “lonely”. But it seemed that Luo Shengyi, Jiang Zhiwei and the others had chosen distant positions in order to cover their movement and facilitate a sudden strike. It would have been hard to conceal if they had gathered together as they would have formed a large target.

Su Yuanying shook his head arrogantly. “Deal with Jiang Zhiwei first. Rising meteorological changes cause me to consume more energy. I need a woman equipped with superior martial arts as a sacrifice to pacify the boiling blood.”

He didn’t conceal his purpose and current situation, because anyone who wanted to seize the opportunity to kill him must be able to gain a few “surprises”.

Finishing that, he pointed to several locations in the sandstorm. “There is Luo Shengyi, there is Jiang Zhiwei… ”

When meteorological changes rose, he vaguely merged with heaven and earth, whose will went as smooth as water to detect where Jiang Zhiwei and the others were lurking.

Yun Tingfeng meditated and said, “Luo Shengyi and Jiang Zhiwei are not too far apart, I’m afraid they will come across and join hands, which will not be easy to deal with. I’d better stop Luo Shengyi and request the Terrestrial Venerable to cooperate with Brother Su to besiege Jiang Zhiwei and kill her.

Yun Tingfeng, Little Zi and the others were appreciated by the Devil Cult because they’d shown an extraordinary performance, disturbing the alliance of the previous four major sects. They met the Terrestrial Venerable. It was one of the Celestial, Earth and Human Venerables following the hierarch.

Among the three mysterious men in black robes, the man with the highest stature and bulging muscles changed his loose robe into tights and rumbled, “I’ll make it by myself.”

“We are all aware that the strength of the Terrestrial Venerable is unfathomable, but I’m afraid that procrastinating for a long time may arise suspicion from old Gu. Now that we are going to do a surprise attack, we must make a fatal blow as powerful as a thunderbolt.” Yun Tingfeng smiled.

He had tried a few disciples from the Devil Cult and found that their strength varied in terms of Secrecy-reaching and they each had their own characteristics. Some were adept at hiding in the shadows and assassination, some at hiding fire and Power-borrowing, some at filthy fighting and so on. It made him consider the Secrecy-reaching of this territory exceptionally mysterious.

Among them, he’d tested the Terrestrial Venerable, finding him to be quite horrible. He might not win if he didn’t fight in full swing. Su Yuanying must be killed if the Terrestrial Venerable joined hands with the more horrible Su Yuanying, and his task was to kill Luo Shengyi.

Upon hearing the compliments from Yun Tingfeng, the Terrestrial Venerable nodded and didn’t say anything to show his agreement. Strength is power in the Devil Cult, and Yun Tingfeng and Su Yuanying had behaved so horridly that he was naturally willing to cooperate with them.

With uncertainty, Little Zi nodded acceptance.

With uncertainty, Little Zi nodded acceptance.

Yun Tingfeng turned to his two henchmen and said, “Hong Xiu, I’ll leave the little bald one to you, do not play with him too much. Ying Sha, the woman who is adept at poisoning and drugging is a big risk, take the opportunity to remove her. She must be part of the Zhen Wu Sect, judging from her skill of ox-nose step. Don’t tangle with her, or you’ll be trapped in the defensive Tai Chi.”

“We should focus on dealing with Jiang Zhiwei. Su Yuanying’s two maids had achieved advanced success of Qi-cultivation but with a lack of strength, hence it was not enough. But fortunately, his subordinate Ying Sha is an outstanding assassin. It will not be difficult to kill that woman if he has followed the Disciple of Zhen Wu Sect.”

Hong Xiu suddenly cheered up and mumbled to himself, “I’ll make his skin fester inch by inch. He’ll cry for me to kill him, humph.”

The scar on her arm, which had been scratched by the Red Sun Evil Blade still revealed dark red in the burned black. It could not be eliminated, it was like a fiendish centipede. How could she, as a beauty-lover, stand it!

On hearing her words, Little Zi turned over and looked her up and down with a smile.

“You two, please deal with the rest of that man.” Yun Tingfeng commanded the two envoys around the Terrestrial Venerable with kindness.

…

Jiang Zhiwei hid behind a decayed rock and felt a little odd when hearing the rapid strike of sandstorms. How could the sandstorm become so violent so suddenly? If it went on like this, it would be hard to make contact with his nearby companions, not to mention the Samsara traveler who would ambush and besiege the opponents.”

“If the enemy were to attack the temple at this very moment, the little monk would surely… ”

Feeling a swelling in her mid-brow and area of will-projecting, she suddenly rose. She followed the position in her memory and went quickly with her sword.

She came to her senses all of a sudden and backed up with small steps, waving the Sun-Penetrating Sword to point obliquely toward the billowing wind and sand beside.

Just then, an iron wheel appeared in the position where she would have been. It emerged from the sandstorm nearby and was held by a giant hand like that of a bear. Even more strange, the hand was surrounded by faint black air, as if it was integrated into the sandstorm.

A bizarre man with a feminine appearance came out of the sandstorm where her sword pointed. He slid over the strike.

Su Yuanying raised his right hand, bursting forth the thunder light from his palms, the Thunderbolt Python.

Jiang Zhiwei, who had had “rich experiences” instilled by her master, perceived that something wrong, the moment he raised his hand. She swiftly flashed sideways to lead the silver Thunderbolt Python to where the black iron wheel was located.

Crackling, the black iron wheel slipped out of the bear-like hand of the man in the black robe.

It was not the exterior, Jiang Zhiwei observed. She started her sword art, engulfing Su Yuanying immediately with its storm-like strength.

Her strikes were fast, one after the other, and she planned to show the “Yama Inviting” once she perceived his flaws. She did not give him the opportunity to attack again, not even once.

Cold sweat ran from Su Yuanying’s forehead. He blocked this round of attack from Jiang Zhiwei relying on strange bodily movements and the secret link with the surrounding sandstorm. But he still considered her sword art as fierce as incessant terrifying waves, leaving him with no time to breathe.

She was indeed one of the ones on the Ranking List of Young Masters!

It was fortunate that the Terrestrial Venerable had come to help this time!

The Terrestrial Venerable picked up the black iron wheel, ready to take a shot. At the same time, the sand and the wind flew together to hold Jiang Zhiwei’s long sword, allowing Su Yuanying to take a break.

Su Yuanying squinted his long eyes with the green vertical eye between his eyebrows shining. He would have to play his trump card to end it quickly.

…

Luo Shengyi hid on a poplar wood, more prudent because his senses were affected by the sandstorm.

A fist came out of the sandstorm as if a poisonous dragon had come out of the hole, hitting his sleeveless shirt.

With his clothes slightly bulging, Luo Shengyi took a deep breath. The fist had slipped aside once striking his shirt so that its strength fanned the air.

Avoiding the hit, Luo Shengyi turned to throw a punch, slamming into Yun Tingfeng’s left fist.

Yun Tingfeng felt the punch separating into seven blasts. It was masculine, or feminine, or firm with softness, or soft with firmness. The seven blasts not only came stronger one wave after the other, but they also intertwined, directly drilling into his internal organs. It was really difficult to withstand.

Hanging in mid-air, free from strength, he simply rolled back with the strength of fist, falling to the ground. He laughed. “It is indeed the Invincible Ironfist. I’ve seen The Seven Wounding Strikes before, but you showed it at a higher level.”

Luo Shengyi laughed with bold generosity. “Then take my punch!”

The punch was thrown, manly and fierce, with overwhelming force.

“Good punch!” Yun Tingfeng knew that this was not the Seven Wounding Strikes. He bent his hands slightly to sweep Luo Shengyi’s wrists. It seemed plain but came first after striking, compelling Luo Shengyi to avoid it.

“Good! Take another punch!” Luo Shengyi threw a punch. His clothes and hair swayed in the sandstorm.

This punch was ordinary without any fancy variation or backhand. But Yun Tingfeng felt it so fierce and firm. It contained a certain charm, the return of natural fist art!

He brainstormed to turn his right palm over to strike. It was also clumsy in changing but unprecedentedly fierce, full of lingering charm.

Yun Tingfeng sank his heavy feet into gravel with his palms crossed. Blood flew from the corner of his mouth, but he immediately turned his palms into paws, grabbing Luo Shengyi’s fist.

Luo Shengyi immediately felt his internal genuine Qi go out of control, just like the burst of a river continuously rushing toward Yun Tingfeng.

Shocked, he shot his left fist, which was blocked by Yun Tingfeng’s left palm. Both sides punched and kicked in a narrow field, constantly changing with their offensive or defensive skills. It would be difficult to come to a result. Luo Shengyi felt limp and numb with faster leakage of genuine Qi.

Luo Shengyi opened his eyes wide with a solemn expression, but he did not panic.

…

Fu Zhenzhen had not been enlightened for very long and the corresponding martial arts had not been upgraded. Thus, Zhang Yuanshan took her to hide in a culvert nearby when the sandstorm became violent.

Ying Sha was “integrated” into the shadow, quietly sneaking into the hole.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99: Simple and Crude
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The underground river within the culvert had long dried up. Some rocks had collapsed in the distance, blocking the flow of the river. What remained were also jagged rocks of grotesque shapes, resembling evil spirits baring their fangs and brandishing their claws in the dark. It was as if it was the entrance to hell.

To avoid exposure, Zhang Yuanshan did not light a match. He depended only on his eyes, with opened Aperture, and used the faint light coming from outside as his guide to move forward. Fu Zhenzhen was holding firmly onto his sleeve tightly, following behind him. Though she could not see as well as he could, she felt a strange sense of safety, as if she could wholeheartedly trust and depend on him.

Bypassing a strange-looking stone, Zhang Yuanshan stopped moving forward. If he went any further, he would not be able to notice any changes in the sandstorm at once, thus missing his opportunity to attack his opponents.

Shadow Kill was born with night vision and all the skills he exchanged for were kungfu about hiding and assassinating. Thus, like a duck to water, he sneaked into the culvert and quietly went closer to Zhang Yuanshan and Fu Zhenzhen.

He melded into the dark night. He hid in the shadows of the night and moved forward step by step. He was soon only about 3.3 meters away from Zhang Yuanshan and Fu Zhenzhen.

With his right hand on the dirk, he arched his back to condense all his energy and genuine Qi into a point as he prepared to attack. His assassination was not flashy, but effectively simple.

Clenching the Winged-python Sword, Zhang Yuanshan positioned himself into the Tai Ji defensive posture. His central eyebrows swelled with pain and he projected his Will to prevent any sneak-attacks.

A sudden thought came to him. He thrust his sword in front of Fu Zhenzhen, dragging it from the bottom to the top as if he was drawing a beautiful circle.

Clang!

The sound of metal striking against metal reverberated in the culvert and immediately died, leaving only a profound silence. It was as if everything was mere illusions.

Zhang Yuanshan’s defense was flawless, not leaving a chance for his opponent to attack. However, he was upset because his opponent had disappeared into the darkness after the failed attack. The man was hiding somewhere and he did not know where he will strike from the next time.

Based on the attack earlier, Zhang Yuanshan realized his opponent’s strength was beneath him, so much that he can actually kill him with ease. But the opponent ought to be a master with his Four Apertures opened and an expert at hiding and assassinating. Under such circumstances, the level of danger had multiplied. Once Zhang Yuanshan exposed a flaw, he would incur a deadly attack. So he had to take precautions and keep his mind sharp without letting up. Though he wanted to kill his opponent, he could not even find the man’s shadow.

Zhang Yuanshan understood clearly that keeping himself in a state of high concentration would consume a lot of his energy. His Eye Aperture, in particular, cannot be maintained for long. The swelling pain had become more and more distinct. The longer it lasted, the worse it was for him. This was unless the sandstorm outside would subside.

After hitting nothing, Shadow Kill flew to hide behind another rock. Melding into the darkness, he watched the two people right in front of him and patiently waited for a chance.

As an assassin, Ying Sha had always been patient. He had once hidden in a marsh for seven whole days, awaiting a good opportunity to attack a Seven-Apertures master who had a grudge against him. In the end, the master was staring down at the dirk in his throat and died without ever avenging himself.

Those without patience would never become good assassins!

“Yuanshan, the darkness is to our disadvantage. I’ll light the match first.” Fu Zhenzhen’s gentle and sweet voice came into Shadow Kill’s ears.

Unconcerned, he stood still. If they thought they could spot him with just a light, then they had underestimated his ability to hide. It was only called the Shadow Kill when one hid in the shadows!

He had once met a terrifying master who could use the momentum of all living things. Under the master’s guidance, Ying Sha managed to properly cultivate the exchanged supreme art, Shadow-blending.

“Okay.” Zhang Yuanshan’s voice was low as if there was something in his mouth or he was too alert to speak fluently.

The match was lit, spilling rays of light all around to replace darkness with dimness. Yet shadows remained everywhere and it seemed as if adversaries hid in every corner. The situation did not seem to have improved.

Qi Zhengyan lurked in a place further down the end, where he could still see parts of the sun unobscured by the sandstorm. He was on full alert.

The cultivation of Book of the Chaos required him to draw support from the heterogeneous energy of the heaven and earth. Thus, he was more sensitive to astronomical changes than average Enlightened Master Pros. He seemed to have detected something wrong, but the sand had piled up to block the path and prevented him from finding a way.

Qi Zhengyan suddenly felt the sunlight becoming so vibrant and dazzling that he could not help squinting.

A human silhouette emerged from the dazzling golden light and pointed his dirk directly at Qi Zhengyan’s throat. His appearance was as if he had been hiding in the sunlight all this while!

Gravels and soil suddenly swelled to form a tomb on the ground behind him. Another human silhouette jumped out at him, with glowing hooks on all his fingers.

The arrival of the two Secrecy-reaching Messengers in Devil Cult was surreptitious and unexpected!

The two messengers had no doubt they would kill their opponent, dubbed the Dead Person’s Face. Whether it was Sun-blending or Earth-blending, both were beyond an average man’s understanding and impossible to defend against effectively.

Something seemed to abruptly flash before their eyes. A puff of white smoke rose like landing clouds. A white mist blurring enveloped them, obstructing the view all around.

Rosy clouds swirled like they were performing a lotus dance and the points of their dirks and fingers were all directed at nothing.

To think Dead Person’s Face was someone of the Venerable level who had mastered two Secrecy-reaching extraordinary powers!

Holding Loving Couple Swords, one longer and the other shorter, Xia Dandan leaned behind a poplar tree to keep away from sand and wind.

The burning desire for revenge surged in her, but she could only calm her emotions in the face of the might of the heaven and earth. Under such circumstances, she and her team could not besiege the opponents and the other side could not take a single step either.

Soft giggles suddenly came to her ears and she looked back in surprise. She saw a lovely girl dressed in white dress gently emerging from the sandy gust. Though the wind was strong and the sand dense, they slowed and then faded away when they reached her. So she had walked through the sandstorm but not one speck of dust clung to her.

The girl seemed like a fairy descending onto the secular world. Yet she carried an ethereal, untouchable quality and was deadly charming.

Xia Dandan found that she had difficulty to even eke out her voice. She said hoarsely, “Gu Xiaosang?”

Little Zi, also known as Gu Xiaosang, laughed leisurely.

“It’s hard to live in the human society and there’s a great deal of hardship. Why not return to Vacuum Hometown and enjoy bliss together?”

The sandstorm gradually subsided and the sky seemed to have brightened a fair bit. From a distance, there were faint ethereal sounds.

In the dilapidated temple of Devil Lord, Meng Qi, Chen Xiao, and Luo You also realized the sudden fierceness of sandstorm.

“Good thing we’ve hidden in advance,” Chen Xiao said happily.

Luo You naturally complimented his beautiful junior. “It’s all thanks to your wisdom. In such a severe sandstorm, we wouldn’t be able to move forward at all. We might even get ourselves lost in the desert.”

The desert had a varied climate and sandstorms were a common sight. They had once experienced such a sudden change in the weather, so they assumed it was a natural occurrence even if they were currently in a semi-desert area.

Carrying the Red Sun Evil Blade, Meng Qi frowned and went to stand beside the corpse of the Devil Cult disciple. The unexpected natural disaster and abnormal sandstorm strongly reminded him of the Crying Elder. Perhaps the leader of the Devil Cult had arrived and brought with him astronomical changes, in the manner of Gu Kongshan, the heightslord of Windcloud Heights.

Of course, such an astronomical change was nothing compared to the Violent Sand Super Force of the Crying Elder. The elder had the power that could affect the whole world, covering a radius big enough that made it felt like it was the advent of the world. His was a terrifying destructive force.

He became more alert, opening his Primal Aperture at Mid-brows and keeping Will-projecting, as he examined the corpse of the Devil Cult disciple.

The dead man had pale skin and dark meridian, with the faintest of black vapor streaming from him. The vapor instantly disappeared under the Red Sun Evil Blade when it drifted close to Meng Qi.

“His ability to hide in the shadows earlier was close to the magic talent of the Exterior. Yet his strength was much lower. He had so much Evil Qi in his body… How could he get the Secrecy-reaching ability?” Judging from the amazement of Luo You and Chen Xiao earlier, Meng Qi estimated that this was the so-called Secrecy-reaching ability. He became more intrigued by the energy system in this world. If he could learn this ability without any risk and combine it with his bladesmanship, it could end up being his trump card.

Earlier, Meng Qi had demonstrated a completely different side to him when he executed the Peace Quietude Split. Luo You and Chen Xiao had acclaimed it as the acme of perfection and they no longer looked down on him. They had also gained more admiration for their Master who had the foresight to have them watch over these Power Gang members.

“Master Zhen Ding, what are you looking at?” Chen Xiao ventured to ask. She realized her Wind-blending ability and matched sword art were no match for the little monk, so she unwittingly changed how she addressed him.

Meng Qi did not want to expose his ignorance about Secrecy-reaching and held a hand up. “Amitabha. Though killing you is protecting you and cutting your evil is not cutting you, this is, after all, a life. Still sinful! Still sinful!”

“Your kindness has gained all our admiration, yet this man who had practiced kungfu with the help of Devil Qi. His humanity had gradually disappeared and he became cruel and vicious. Since he had killed so many people, killing him was equal to saving even more lives. That earns more merit than building a pagoda of seven stories,” Luo You said fluently.

Chen Xiao nodded slightly at Meng Qi’s response. Though she had once killed, she was a kind person after all. She would definitely feel at ease at ending one’s life.

“Master Zhen Ding, since you’re so kind, I’m sure you’ll become an accomplished monk one day.” Chen Xiao smiled. “The bladesmanship you used earlier… ”

She was to ask when Meng Qi’s premonition from Transformation Strategy resurfaced again. He abruptly turned to look at the broken-down window.

He saw only a thin pipe poking inside through a hole, emitting wisps of faint mist.

“Be careful,” Meng Qi said quietly, holding his breath as he activated his Golden Bell Shield to keep dark golden glow flowing around his body.

Following his gaze to the window, Chen Xi and Luo You were shocked once again. It was that poison expert who put everyone on edge that night!

Meng Qi also knew it was the poison expert from the opposing camp. He was aware this fight should be instantaneous, thus he raised his Red Sun Evil Blade and performed Moves of Wind-god’s Legs that charged at the window. The speed coupled with his glowing golden skin made him look like an unstoppable chariot.

Charging into the mist, he used Golden Bell Shield to block against any poison infiltration. He slammed the window with his shoulder and saw it ripped wide open. He jumped out immediately.

The sandstorm was still raging outside the fane, yet slippery poisonous snakes, fluffy spiders, and colorful insects lined the ground. A colorfully-clad girl stood in the middle of it all.

Meng Qi did not stop and nor did he use the small move of Lightning Changes. He directly walked to the center of poisonous insects, approaching the girl.

Poisonous snakes raised their head, the spiders jumped up, and insects flew. All fell atop Meng Qi’s body, but they might as well be biting a golden stone for they were rebounded one by one.

Like a chariot, Meng Qi had broken through all obstacles and fiercely ran to the girl in an instant.

Hong Xiu had never expected the Little Bald Ass’s way of fighting would be so simple and crude, with unparalleled boldness. She was momentarily stunned but soon recovered. She opened her palm and shot the hidden Tang Flower.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100: The Manhunt
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A star-like flash of light hit Meng Qi but it was as if it had hit an illusion. The flash of light penetrated through him and rammed into the wall of the dilapidated temple.

The iron flower was in full bloom with five petals, resembling a lovely and seductive orchid. Within the three meters of the wall, mosquitoes and ants quietly fell to their deaths. Several gerbils rolled off the wall and died on their backs, with all their hair completely gone. It was an eerie sight.

Those animals and insects never touched the Tang Flower, but they still died when the flower blossomed.

Chen Xiao and Luo You felt their throats were too dry to even swallow. If they were close to the wall, they would have doubtlessly died. What a gruesome concealed weapon!

But the oddest thing was the poison expert had used her concealed weapon when Master Zhen Ding was three meters away from the flower. Was there something wrong with her eyes or other organs?

Tang Flower was intended for its target but hit only an illusion. Hong Xiu whispered that something was wrong, something in her other hand going to be flung.

As if he was a chariot breaking through all obstacles, Meng Qi had inched close to her. His mind was in peace and his dark red blade was glowing amidst the swirling mortal dust and secular smoke.

She felt the warmth of sunshine over her and her mind became overwhelmed with the sorrow of studying poison and training venomous insects. Her painful past was marked in every wound and every weakness of her body.

Due to her inconsolable sorrow, she wanted others to suffer the same pain. Those she killed also suffered the same pain from poisoning.

She mulled over these sorrows numbly. If she ignored her pain, she actually felt a special kind of serenity. This was until the day that person came to her side. Since then, she completely abandoned tranquility and fell in love with that person.

“Nice to meet you, young lady. I’m Yun Tingfeng,” the man had said to her.

“I’m Tang Hongxiu. The character ‘Xiu’ in my name doesn’t refer to the ‘Xiu’ in elegance, but rather of the word sleeve,” she had replied.

The intensity of the pain sobered Hongxiu but it was all too late. A burning sensation seeped into her heart.

She spewed blood from her mouth and darkness obscured her sight. Though unwilling, she fell to the floor. She still had so many concealed weapons and poisons. Why was she not given the chance to use them?

And why was he fine?

Meng Qi’s strike was right on target. He jumped backward immediately after and raised his left hand, killing a golden worm.

“I suppose you want to know why it’s not working,” said Meng Qi, looking at her desperate and puzzled expression.

Tang Hongxiu spoke loudly, “Yes. It’s something that can bite through the Golden Bell Shield in the fifth round!”

A smile appeared on Meng Qi’s smile and he crushed the bug with his powerful left hand, squashing it into mud at once. He quietly said, “It’s crisp!”

Tang Hongxiu died with her eyes open, never resolving her grievances in life.

Meng Qi was not an idiot who will use his Golden Bell Shield to test Tang Hongxiu’s venomous insects without consideration. He only dared to rampage because he had practiced the Transformation Strategy and had developed a faint sixth sense after entering the Enlightenment period. Thus, he could feel the existence of venomous insects that could threaten him and will not confuse them with the common kind.

Of course, it was also Tang Hongxiu’s mistake for not releasing enough venomous insects. Even if he could detect them, he would still feel at a loss if there were more of them. He would have to first avoid the insects if that was the case.

“Everyone will be awarded 100 Karma points for team killing the Samsara traveler, Tang Hongxiu of the Devil Cult.”

For this task, hints from Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms directly reverberated in their minds.

Chen Xiao and Luo You stared at the back of Meng Qi with their mouth slightly open. He actually killed the poison expert with such ease…

Earlier, Master Zhen Ding had charged ahead like the unstoppable rampage of a white elephant.

And his strike was beyond description. It was amazing and full of odd human temptations!

Meng Qi was just about to examine if there was any hidden poisons and concealed weapons on Tang Hongxiu when venomous creatures scurried from inside her belt, bosom, back, socks, sleeves, and skirt. The small snakes and insects dotted her body, making a nauseating sight.

When those creatures appeared, they hesitated for a moment before ravaging Tang Hongxiu’s corpse. The insects around her were also affected by countercharge and joined in. Very soon, all the insects had overwhelmed her.

Meng Qi was going to put up with his nausea and drive out those insects when they died one after another. Soon there were venomous corpses lying beside Tang Hongxiu, who was only a skeleton, ragged clothes, and many corroded concealed weapons.

“People who use venomous insects are so scary… ” Sighing, Meng Qi found a branch to poke Tang Hongxiu’s residual clothes to see if he can find anything useful.

Just then, the voice of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms reverberated in his mind.

“Xia Dandan was team killed by the Samsara travelers of the Devil Cult. 100 Karma points are deducted from each person.”

Meng Qi inhaled a cold intake of air, understanding that their enemies were launching a full-frontal attack from all sides this time.

…

Their eyes were shrouded in the thick mist around them and their own attacks were rebounded by that spiral of light. The two messengers of the Devil Cult were gripped by fear and were compelled by their urge to run.

Suddenly, the surrounding soil and gravel surged up to the sky, hitting the two messengers like they were murderous crossbows.

The attacks were so intensive that the two could not avoid them, especially the Earth-blending expert. He slapped some of the attacks away with his hands, only to be hit by the rest of attacks. His body eventually became a honeycomb with blood spouting from every crevice.

Seeing an opportunity, the other escaped with a flash of sunlight. He had barely avoided most of the attacks and only suffered a few bleeding wounds.

Just then, a scarlet gold sword carved in a unique pattern and exuded a majestic aura blocked the messenger’s path.

As the messenger panicked under the pressure of the aura, the sword had already pierced through his heart.

Qi Zhengyan stroked the fresh blood on his Golden Dragon Stripe Sword. Having killed two assassins with ease, a rare faint smile appeared on his so-called dead person’s face.

The magic of the Book of the Chaos was indeed extraordinary!

The two assassins had special kungfu. Even though they had just entered the level of Enlightenment, they could use nature to their advantage. Any other person would have panicked and would not be able to even find their shadows. But Qi Zhengyan had cultivated his Book of the Chaos with an emphasis on the Telepath with Heaven ability. He cultivated himself with the help of varieties of energies in the universe, which was a magic kungfu by means of forces of the universe, nature and all objects. How could the two assassins rival him?

The first level of Book of the Chaos, White Cloud Smoke, was capable of shrouding enemies with a thick mist. The second was Rosy Afterglow Swing, capable of stripping enemies off their strength with swirling red clouds. The third was Kunlun Crush, capable of splitting the earth and intensely hitting enemies with crushed rocks.

“No wonder it’s worth so many Karma points!” Qi Zhengyan had yet to complete the level of Kunlun Crush when he did his solo mission the last time, only the first two. Thus he had looked forward to using the third level in this fight.

Then he remembered a line from the Book of the Chaos. It read: It’s easy to start but difficult to continue. Body potential, comprehension, diligence, and devotion are all indispensable for cultivation.” He felt dejected when he remembered he had not achieved anything in his cultivation of the Transformation Strategy. It was a good thing that he could ask Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms to directly imbue his body. Perhaps he could exchange the auxiliary kungfu to improve his body potential and comprehension.

“Everyone will be awarded 100 Karma points for team killing Tang Hongxiu, a Samsara traveler of the Devil Cult.”

“Xia Dandan was team killed by Samsara travelers of the Devil Cult. 100 Karma points are deducted from everyone.”

Hearing these two pieces of news, Qi Zhengyan looked up, staring at the place where sandstorm was brewing. His expression was grim as usual.

…

In the culvert, the light from the match was lit up the nearby terrain.

Zhang Yuanshan and the hiding Shadow Kill did not move as if they were playing a game called whereby the first person who moves will die.

Patience was what determined if this would be an assassination or a counter-assassination!

Just then, the voice of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms reverberated in their minds. The announcement of the deaths of Tang Hongxiu and Xia Dandan disappeared before long.

Zhang Yuanshan and Shadow Kill were both surprised to hear this but the latter quickly came to himself. He brandished his dirk, prepared to launch a critical strike.

He suddenly felt drained of energy and experienced breathing difficulties and dizziness. With a thud, he collapsed on the ground.

How could this be?

How did he get poisoned?

Shadow Kill was pondering these questions in a daze and faintly saw Fu Zhenzhen turning the match over. A tiny candle was hidden behind it, burning slowly.

Darkness came over his eyes and he could no longer see. He did not know his lack of vision was due to the candle and match getting snuffed out or if he had gone blind.

But this did not matter. As he breathed, he became completely unconscious.

“Everyone will be awarded 100 Karma points for team killing Tang Hongxiu, a Samsara traveler of the Devil Cult.”

After swallowing the antidote, Zhang Yuanshan looked at Ying Sha whose face had a faint smile. He sighed and said, “Seven-hearts malus begonia is indeed colorless and tasteless and difficult to detect.”

Fu Zhenzhen took a few steps forward and saw that the sandstorm was still raging outside the culvert. Worried, she said, “They’re still under attack. Should we go help them now?”

“You stay here and I’ll go. I more or less remember where Junior Sister Jiang, Junior Brother Zhen Ding, and Luo Shengyi are.” Zhang Yuanshan was unwilling to send the rather weak Fu Zhenzhen to risk herself in the sandstorm.

Fu Shenzhen opened her mouth as if she wanted to argue and go with him. In the end, she said, “Yuanshan, you have to be careful.”

If she went with him, in a situation where she could see not far ahead, she would not be able to demonstrate her ability with poisons. She will only make things difficult for Zhang Yuanshan. Knowing this, she restrained her urge to go all out with her teammates.

…

The death of Tang Hongxiu and Xia Dandan reverberated in the hearts of Luo Shengyi and Yun Tingfeng at the same time. Due to the fact that Tang Hongxiu was the first to die between the two, Yun Tingfeng’s first reaction was hesitation. Then came annoyance, sorrow, surprise, and other burning feelings.

Noticing his opponent’s unusual expression. Luo Shengyi who had been relying on his genuine Qi and inner force found an opportunity. Blocking with his left fist, he thrust his right fist, loosening his hold on Yun Tinfeng’s fist. Taking advantage of the favorable turn of events, he continued to go on the offense and defense and looked for a turning point.

Having lost his inner force, a restless Yun Tingfeng was forced to take a step back again and again. He clenched his hands tightly, defending against Luo Shengyi with great difficulty.

If he had another half an hour, he would have obtained inner force and gained a great advantage to overwhelm Luo Shengyi completely.

At the same time, Luo Shengyi finally learned of Xia Dandan’s death and his expression changed. He momentarily stopped, feeling an inexplicable sadness. He decided to increase the distance between his opponent and himself and put on the defensive posture. He had lost much inner force and might not be capable of defeating Yun Tingfeng.

Yun Tingfeng was about to attack again when Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms announced Shadow Kill’s death. He struggled for a moment before he stared into Luo Shengyi’s eyes. He then slowly withdrew and disappeared in the stormy and endless desert.

Inaccurate information had caused all these deaths!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101: Yama’s Invitation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Terrestrial Venerable had an ursine figure, yet his moves were like shadows, sometimes blending into wind and sand, sometimes wielding an Iron Wheel cutting winds and shaking sands, so swift that no one could predict his next move.

Such an out-of-world escape technique might out move all normal martial pros and eventually kill them. The Terrestrial Venerable was pretty sure about this. Now his confidence, however, was shaken, for the young girl battling him, though without the abnormal power of gaining momentum from surroundings, or so-called “Secrecy-reaching” art, had mastered a formidable sword art. She seemed to have always predicted his move in advance. Although he concealed himself in the sandstorm, nevertheless each time he was going to attack, he was greeted with a sharp sword light straight towards his face.

He was almost killed several times. Thanks to Su Yuanying who flanked her with lightning and black gas, he managed to escape Jiang Zhiwei’s long sword. Su Yuanying’s forehead was fuming black gas, and oozing cold fear sweat. He couldn’t believe how a mortal without gaining momentum of the Heaven and Earth could attain such a formidable level!

Jiang Zhiwei practiced several sets of enlightenment period swordsmanship of Swordplay Sutra of Supremacy one by one, the Qi of her sword was prevailing and terrifying. She by herself rendered the two men into utter impotence.

Actually, this was also a miscalculation of Su Yuanying, who despite the opening of Eight Apertures, was more adept at gaining force from outer resources than face-to-face fighting. Besides, he also consumed most of his Energy instigating the sandstorm, resulting in the inability for the time being to fulfill his power on the killing move or the finalizing strike.

The light of the greenish eye on his forehead was shining more devilishly. Seeing this Jiang Zhiwei accelerated her attack. She wielded several strikes and deterred the Terrestrial Venerable away into the sandstorm. Then she raised up her sword slightly, seeming to be delivering an invitation to Su Yuanying.

Greenlight floated like water and suddenly sprawled out. Swordlight was glaring purely and intensely, yet dire and frightening.

They simultaneously struck their trump moves!

Greenlight was undulating upon the sword light. Su Yuanying was expecting to see her drop the sword and fall into a coma.

This is the power of God. This is a direct attack on Vital Spirit and Soul. One cannot counterbalance it or defend himrself without mastering certain skills!

The dire Qi of her sword penetrated into the green light and shook violently, yet as steadfast as before when it found the mid-brows of Su Yuanying. It was an invitation from Yama below Nine Serenities.

How could it be like that?

How could it be!

Su Yuanying’s body changed incessantly and almost distorted, but the ray of sword shine was still haunting him like a soliciting ghost. It was inevitable!

“Tang Hongxiu was killed by the Samsara travelers on the side of four sects. 100 Karma points each were deducted.”

What?

During the struggle, Su Yuanying was already bordering on exhaustion. The voice of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms suddenly discomfited him.

Then, there was nothing left.

The dead: Su Yuanying.

Cause of death: mid-brows penetrated by a sword.

Murder scene: the third eye at Hidden Latch was shattered; frightened and consternated expression; no other visible wound.

Murderer: Jiang Zhiwei.

Jiang Zhiwei’s sword was struggling back. “Clank!” The black Iron Wheel of the Terrestrial Venerable was blocked, yet her eyes, ears, nose, and mouth oozed trickles of blood. It was because of Su Yuanying’s attack on her Vital Spirit. If she hadn’t stimulated her Primal Aperture at Mid-brows with Transformation Strategy and unconsciously projected her will to defend her Hidden Latch, no matter how adamant her resolution was, she could not have survived this strike.

Even so, her resolution was still formidable, for despite being wounded at Vital Spirit, she managed to forbear the pain and retained her sword moves! Most of the martial masters even with Nine Apertures opened could not carry on like that!

Seeing Su Yuanying down and his black gas soul smoking out, as well as Jiang Zhiwei’s post to deliver the invitation, the Terrestrial Venerable, was heavily intimidated. He evaporated some black gas and directed it to plunge towards Jiang Zhiwei, while himself turned away and blended into the sandstorm.

The sword shine was clear and pure, yet grave and dense as if from Nine Serenities it penetrated the black gas and injected directly into the sandstorm.

“Ahhh!”

The Terrestrial Venerable made a terrible cry, his blood spouting out, having dyed reddish the nearby sandstorm. The sword wounded his back, but since Jiang Zhiwei was hurt at the Vital Spirit, feeling dizzy, her sword was weakened by the black gas and a second late. He thus managed to escape, bleeding all the way back.

As the sandstorm was still strong, Jiang Zhiwei could not follow up. She simply stopped. Having taken out a “Hundred-herb Bolus”, she raised her head and devoured the medicine. The wound at Vital Spirit should be treated in time, otherwise, it might cause trouble in future.

“Xia Dandan was slain by Samsara travelers on the side of Devil Cult. 100 Karma points each were deducted.”

“The Samsara traveler Shadow Kill on the side of Devil Cult was killed. 100 Karma points awarded to each.”

Jiang Zhiwei had just adjusted one breath when she heard the voice of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms.

This puzzled her considerably. There was still no mention of the guy with the horizontal green eye at mid-brows who was killed by her. He must be above Six Apertures and surely worthy of more than 100 Karma Points.

She looked around and saw Su Yuanying’s corpse. It was rotting quickly and seemed to have died a long time ago already. After a while, there was nothing left but a white skeleton on the ground.

“Not dead yet?” Jiang Zhiwei was pondering, seeming to have understood where the power of his enemy came from.

Meng Qi had prodded for quite a while and finally found two things that seemed useful.

One was a black dart seeming normal, but there were words on it: “Die Seeing”; another was a mesh scintillating metallic sheen, its filament soft and thin. When furled it was merely the size of a fist. Holding the two weapons, Meng Qi felt the black dart seemed to be magnetized towards the mesh.

“Perhaps this is the Heaven Trawl and Earth Mesh, a special weapon against concealed metal weapons?” Meng Qi was elated. He still felt terrified towards concealed weapons and poisons having seen the terrible scene just now.

Of course, Meng Qi could resist all of this after perfecting the Golden Bell Shield.

As to the Die Seeing Dart, Meng Qi had no idea of its use. He thought he might take it and let Jiang Zhiwei, Fu Zhenzhen, and the others judge, for a concealed weapon should be accompanied by particular hand moves in order to fulfill its effect.

At that time, the vehement sandstorm was weaker after the “death” of Su Yuanying, and the blade-like wind and sword-like sand hitting his body were not as sharp.

Meng Qi was not afraid of this for his Golden Bell Shield was adequate, but he suddenly had an idea: would GuXiaosang come after him in particular?

This lunatic and psycho perhaps would really come for some ludicrous reason!

Before the sandstorm, Meng Qi would prefer waiting for Gu Xiaosang here to fall into his trap, but now he knew Jiang Zhiwei and the others might be fighting harshly and might not come to help. Gu Xiaosang might be fighting against them, or on her way here.

After a second thought, he turned to Chen Xiao and Luo You. “Go and hide yourselves.”

He then conducted his inner force along a particular meridian, commenced Moves of Wind-god’s Legs to the sandstorm, and found a poplar tree to hide in, his mid-brows bulging, his will projected and wrapped his body.

The wind and sand were softening. Suddenly a delicate sigh came into Meng Qi’s ears. “Are you so desperate to avoid meeting me?”

The voice was soft and delicate, the tone complaining as that of an obsessed lover, who had sought but lost. The listeners would feel deep sadness and could not bear the compulsion to soothe her.

Yet in Meng Qi’s ears, it was nothing but the soul-soliciting call of Bullhead and Horseface, the arresters from the netherworld. Meng Qi was almost shocked hearing this.

Miss, since when did we become so familiar with each other?

He dared not move his body or raise his head, his mind focusing on camouflage.

The sand was sizzling in the wind, and the voice of mild resentment came again. “Hongxiu called you a Bald Ass and vowed to torment you to death, so I did not remind them and let her be killed by you. Look, how kind I am. The one Xiao Zi likes, other people should not be touched or hurt. It must be me to have him.”

During the speaking, her tone became lighter and full of joy. “It must be nobody but me to torment you to death. But don’t worry. I wouldn’t let you fall into the Vacuum Hometown in anguish, otherwise Little Zi would blame me. I would give you perfect bliss before killing you and sending you back to the Vacuum Hometown .”

You lunatic! Meng Qi cursed to himself. What have I done to you?

He was aware of the gap between their levels. She was one of the best in the Ranking List of Young Masters, so he had better keep hiding.

Gu Xiaosang burst into a long sigh and said no more. No more noise came from the sand and wind again.

“Little monk, little monk… ” Jiang Zhiwei’s voice sounded.

Meng Qi was elated at first, but then he was alert, for fear of the demoness’ voice faking.

“Junior Brother Zhen Ding… ” At the same time, Zhang Yuanshan’s voice came from afar.

Meng Qi finally felt relieved. It was their calling that scared away Gu Xiaosang.

He then jumped off the poplar tree and went to the shabby temple. He saw Luo Shengyi, Jiang Zhiwei, Zhang Yuanshan and Qi Zhengyan. If they did not come together, Gu Xiaosang would probably try to kill one or two of them. She was surely competent and bold enough to do that.

On the top of a small mountain in the distance.

One of the two servant girls of Su Yuanying suddenly showed agony in her pretty face, then plumes of black gas fumed out. Her belly quickly bulged out as a pregnant woman with a ten month fetus.

Puff! A palm penetrated the belly and stuck out, then the comely girl was corroded by the black gas.

Her flesh and blood melted and flowed wriggling towards the breach on the belly.

The black gas became denser, and a shadow with a slender human figure stood up. It was coughing and walking out of the gas slowly. Pale and naked, the man’s skin and flesh still carried the hue of black gas.

The other girl watched all of this motionlessly as if the dying one was not her sister. She then showed a charming smiling face and went to fetch some clothes for her master.

“Ink Pupil dead. 50 Karma points deducted each.”

Su Yuanying winced as he heard the voice of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms, and clenched his fist fast.

“You haven’t died?” The Terrestrial Venerable quit blending in the wind and sand upon seeing Su Yuanying on the mountaintop. He was petrified and almost fell down the mountain. He had seen him die for good in the hands of the young maid, but why should he still be alive.

There was black gas permeating around the wound on his back. The mashed flesh was wriggling and healing.

His face pale, Su Yuanying said tersely, “I feigned death.”

After a cough, he turned to Yun Tingfeng who was mounting from behind the mountain, and said coldly, “This is the accurate intelligence your men had collected.”

Having seen the only girl left behind Su Yuanying, Yun Tingfeng sighed, “They were dead for this.”

“Well dead.” Su Yuanying said bluntly.

Squinting his eyes, Yun Tingfeng clenched his fists behind his back.

“Want a fight? Then don’t forbear. Why bother clenching your fists behind your back?” a melodious, soft and frolic voice came. “Childe Yun, my wager is on you.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102: Four Sealing Weapons
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yun Tingfeng turned his head suddenly, eyes scowling with anger. He softly asked Little Zi, who came slowly but gracefully, “Why was the information so aberrant?”

Little Zi clapped her palms which were as white as jade. “Ah, my responsibility was to meet my little lover and kill people. It was Hongxiu and Shadow Kill who were supposed to acquire the information. Besides, Luo Shengyi and Jiang Zhiwei were famous martial pros on Ranking List of Young Masters. Do I need to tell you how powerful they are? You deemed yourselves too high. You only arrange two people to go for Jiang Zhiwei. Is it my liability?”

Yun Tingfeng’s face twitched several times. Looking at Little Zi, whose white dress immaculate as that of a girl who just finished a shower, he gradually subdued his anger, and tittered, “How could I blame you? Without you, we might have none of our enemies killed. We should be grateful to you.”

After two battles two Enlightened Masters Pro were dead, easily as brushing strokes on canvas. How could he ignore this little beauty?

One of her preys could be regarded as a novice of Enlightenment level, who was weak in close grapples, but the other one was obviously a veteran with outstanding bladesmanship. Even if using sneak-attacked him, he was unsure whether he could make it or not. The fact was that Little Zi was really formidable!

“Childe Yun is really erudite. Ah, wrong, I mean knowledgeable. Oh, wrong again, I mean discerning, which really makes me relieved.” Little Zi said like a goblin. She was clearly bantering with him.

Su Yuanying sunk his face. With an icy tone, he said, “Who are you on actually?”

Since he practiced Evil Eye at Mid-brows, his sight was quite distinct. Since he saw all of her extraordinary performance, he had vaguely felt she was not as mediocre as she claimed to be, and Yu Longzi might not be her real name.

“I am Little Zi. Has Childe Su been pierced at the brain? Your memory was not as good as before.” Little Zi giggled, “Plus, one thing I have to remind Childe Su. ‘No more than one out of ten thousand Nether Spirits may ascend to heaven.’ Besides you are a Nether Spirit usurping others’ souls.”

The once pale face of Su Yuanying flushed. He looked at Little Zi in wonder, “What… What are you talking about?”

How did she know? How could she know?

“So much vile Qi, evil Qi. I do not want to smell it, but it always finds the way into my nostrils. Such things I have seen too many times.” Little Zi said smiling.

Yun Tingfeng gazed at Little Zi attentively, feeling her mysterious distinction. Where did she see such things so many times? Where was she from?

The Terrestrial Venerable close by was totally confused. He wondered what was Ranking List of Young Masters and Nether Spirits. But given the failure of this siege, his power was much weaker than these strange guys. His Eminence emphasized several times in his letter that he should pay homage to them and form allies with them. So he had to forgo these inappropriate questions.

Just then, a shrill bird chirp came from the air. A strange bird of rotten flesh and messy black feathers fell on the shoulder of the Terrestrial Venerable.

Dense Devil Qi surrounded the strange bird, whose foot bound with a scroll of note.

The Terrestrial Venerable took down the note and read it. In a voice as if from an urn he said to others, “Here is an order of His Eminence. He wants to meet us.”

…

“Ink Pupil dead. 50 Karma points awarded each.”

The voice of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms resounded in the ears of everyone. Zhang Yuanshan had already brought Fu Zhenzhen to the shabby temple. Everyone was confused and wondered why the death of Ink Pupil should be counted as their deed.

Jiang Zhiwei paused and said eventually, “I think I know the reason. Ink Pupil had died as a surrogate for the guy who had a vertical eye at mid-brows.”

“Surrogating death or body-usurping is not a rare stuff, but often only the strong above the Exterior level could master. The skill of the guy with mid-brow vertical eyes is really weird.” Luo Shengyi said gravely as he was caressing the serene face of Xia Dandan lying in front of him, “What I had not expected was that they could instigate meteorological anomalies and created heavy sandstorm to yield such loss of us.”

He was never one who shirked liability. For this feigned besiegement was his idea, he did not blame others for the death of Xia Dandan.

“I think they also underestimated our strength. If they concentrate their force onto only one or two of us, I am afraid none of us could manage. The fault of shortsightedness is common to everyone.” Zhang Yuanshan said seriously. As the thing was over, incrimination and contrition were of no use. It is important to learn from the past and never belittle your enemies again.

Thinking of the psycho girl Gu Xiaosang, Meng Qi grinned and said, “Fortunately after this battle, we had fathomed the overall potentials of our enemies, and may not commit this miscalculation again. But of Gu Xiaosang, we should not only pay attention to her Ajati Finger, for nobody knew how many more supreme skills she had learned from Advent of Ajati Matriarch.”

The one who really died needed no attention, but the guy who had a mid-brows vertical eye was clearly practicing along the pathway of will-attack and momentum-gaining from the outer world. The guy with thick brows and untied hair could be practicing North Underworld Super Force or Internal Force Absorption Skill, for his inner force was profound and dense, his each fist and palm strike was immensely powerful, nevertheless according to the description of Luo Shengyi, when he was exercising Seven Wounding Strikes, Big Ghost Fist or other skills, his moves were more delicate and mutable instead of hard and straightforward.

“Yes, we must be careful. It’s just we know not how the guy with a mid-brow vertical eye gains momentum from the outer world and why he could revive. Without knowing the answer we may be deceived by him again.” Luo Shengyi said. He deemed that he was more experienced in World of Samsara, but his Kung Fu approaches and knowledge of bizarre skills were not much compared to some of these direct heir of famous sects. After all the entries on Exchange List were too dazzling. No one had enough time and patience to peruse thoroughly.

Meng Qi was just a nominal heir of a famous sect, and he worked mainly on his Kung Fu and had not studied this field yet, so he also looked upon Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan.

Jiang Zhiwei puckered her lips and said, “I think I know what it might be. It should be a branch of Immortal Path, ‘Evil Spirit Cultivation’.”

“Evil Spirit Cultivation?” Zhang Yuanshan’s expression became grim.

Meng Qi’s lips twitched in the corner. He looked to Luo Shengyi, Qi Zhengyan, and Fu Zhenzhen unconsciously and found them also with curious looks. What is Evil Spirit Cultivation?

“I’ve only heard of ‘Big Spirit Jumping’…” Meng Qi mumbled.

Jiang Zhiwei knew they were waiting for her illustration, “Normally on Immortal Path, one should desert his body and forge an Immortal Flesh with Incense Force, and then perceive the principles of Heavenly Path step by step. After mastering some principles, one could infuse himself into the heaven and claim the Immortal Seat. However, Incense Force is tricky. I’ve never heard of anyone who escaped death with Immortal Seat.

“And besides normal Immortal Path, there is also Inborn Spirit, and also cultivated Evil Spirit emulating the Inborn Spirit.

“The practitioner cultivates a small natural Evil Spirit through some arcane and brutal ways, and then he deserts his body and sacrifices it as the Incense Stove breeding the Evil Spirit. His soul turns to a Nether Spirit, dwelling in the body as a parasite. With many kinds of feeding such as life-devouring, blood-drinking, and other rituals, the Evil Spirit will grow into an Evil Avatar, and his body would possess some distinctive features, such as the mid-brows vertical eye. Afterwards, he can use these specialties and Evil Avatar to communicate with Heaven and Earth and drive the momentum of things in the world. The stronger his Evil Avatar, the stronger his power.

“Yet Evil Avatar could easily cause counter-devour. So it must be checked by different methods, such as using more than one Incense Stoves. For his own body will be eroded after years, it needs also be replaced frequently. As long as the Evil Avatar continues assimilation, the body will remain above Enlightenment level. Even so, out of one hundred Evil Spirit Cultivators, eighty would die of the counter-devour of Evil Avatar, and nineteen would be annihilated by Heaven’s Punishment as the Evil Avatar becomes strong to some extent. Only very few of them could cultivate Evil Avatar until claiming Immortal Seat and unified himself with the Avatar.”

Meng Qi, Luo Shengyi, and others were fascinated by the narrative. There are indeed numerous unimaginable ways of practice. “Three thousand Righteous Paths and eight hundred branches” are all endless for you to explore!

Zhang Yuanshan complemented, “Therefore even if the guy with the mid-brows vertical eye is killed and his Nether Spirit annihilated, the Evil Avatar within his body will be released and rampage about, radiating intent of kill and trying to destroy everything nearby.

“Although Evil Spirit Cultivation is easily taken and improved at first as long as one could forbear pain and forgo conscience, it has too many risks thereafter. Few have succeeded and the failure wreaks egregious havoc, therefore after medieval times, this approach was gradually abandoned. It is said that only Luo Denomination, Unrelenting Tower, and Changsheng Denomination among the Nine Evil Paths still possess the scripts and someone even practices it.” Jiang Zhiwei stroked the bronze scabbard of her Sword of the Sun-Penetrating Rainbow, “This approach of practice is indeed typical, so the elder of my sect told us about it. Otherwise, I would not know either.”

Meng Qi was ruminating, “With the help of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms, Evil Spirit Cultivation would be even easier to taken in the beginning and improved after. I reckon that he had exchanged for the seed of the Evil Spirit or even the authentic Evil Avatar.”

Things in this field were too many so he did not bother to read.

Reminded by this topic, Zhang Yuanshan suddenly patted the Winged-python Sword by his waist, “Given the hint of Evil Spirit Cultivation, I kind of understand what the Secrecy-reaching and Trance-entering of this world are.”

“What are they?” Meng Qi was very interested in Secrecy-reaching which could gain momentum and blend. If he could master this, his Moves of Wind-god’s Legs would be more practical, and he would be able to gain momentum from the wind and fly thousands of leagues.

Zhang Yuanshan sighed, “But they may be even wretched than Evil Spirit Cultivation, for the power of Evil Spirit Cultivation originates from within and controllable by oneself.

“Secrecy-reaching of Devil Cult probably borrows the Devil Qi infiltrated into one’s body. The Qi passes on the will of the Devil Lord, so it can help communicate with heaven and earth and drive the momentum of the universe. Different amounts of Devil Qi could yield different specialties, but Devil Qi could erode one’s soul and body, and the purest Devil Qi could be only possessed by the Venerable or Cult Lord, therefore normal practitioners of Secrecy-reaching must be recognized by the leadership in order to aggrandize their strength, during which period they will be deprived of sanity and humanity and become zealous for killers and mere puppets of Devil Qi.”

“Such a mechanism… ” Meng Qi was disappointed. According to the fight against them, Zhang Yuanshan’s speculation was not far from the truth. “No wonder the goal of the four sects is to seal the Devil Tomb. Hehe, if the Devil Qi leak out, before long they will face an army of enemies of the Secrecy-reaching level. But what about the Secrecy-reaching of the four sects?”

They can’t be also manipulating the Devil Qi!

“Devil Cult depends on the remained Will of Devil Lord, and the sects must be leaning on the Awareness of the four Sealing Weapons.” Jiang Zhiwei said plainly, “Therefore the four weapons are at least Precious Weapons, which could communicate with heaven and earth.”

Precious Weapons! Normally the possessions of experts of the Exterior level! Everybody became excited implicitly, except Jiang Zhiwei.

Weapons of this level were already forged by the Immortals, worthy of thousands of Karma points. There should be no more than a hundred of such weapons even in Shaolin.

“Wind Cloud Blade, Tai Hua Sword, Star-picking Hand, Morningmoon Spinner… Considering the performance of Heightslord Gu, Awareness of Wind Cloud Blade might have been truly applied.” Luo Shengyi recalled the night when Gu Kongshan instigated a violent gust and dissipated all the poisonous creatures.

“No wonder when Windcloud Heights marched, they piously escorted a casket. It was where Wind Cloud Blade was stored…” Meng Qi was disillusioned all of a sudden.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103: Reminder
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Speaking of Precious Weapon worthy of thousands of points and forged by immortals, Meng Qi of course aspired for them, for he was not the real enlightened High Monk who already severed with mortal dust. What’s more, after carrying out several strikes of Peace Quietude Split, he was affected by lust, loyalty, ethics, greed and dread. Splitting other’s peace and quietude, you also split your own. So occasionally some vile idea occurred to his mind.

This was also the reason why there were few who succeeded Ananda Oath-breaking Bladesmanship for dynasties. It was the opposite of what Buddhism taught. One had to be with mortal dust, karma, causality and other disturbances and distractions in order to temper out a refined Buddhist heart and make it shine with clarity peacefully. As long as you were stuck in these hallucinations, your path to the Buddhism was ruined, unless in future you should run into a huge luck and be disillusioned.

However, Meng Qi would never betray his teammates, as long as they had no intention to betray him. In the main task this time the four sects were their teammates, and they needed all of the four weapons to seal the Devil Tomb, which was hard to achieve and they might die if they would not work together and be attacked by Devil Cult and Samsara travellers of the other side, and perhaps the four sects if they took their weapons. Besides the Precious Weapons had to be wielded by expert of the Exterior level in order to fulfill their potentials. They would need years of time to reach the level of Gu Kongshan.

The most important point was that the weapons were relics of the “immortals” for sealing the Devil Tomb. Although they were not spiritual, they had their own “will”. If they grabbed the weapon without knowing how to use it, perhaps it would trigger itself and wreak unimaginable havoc.

Perhaps they all thought like Meng Qi, so they were all silent for a short while.

“Let’s talk about the Group-rivaling task.” After several breaths, Jiang Zhiwei asked without changing her expression.

As a highly expected heir, she had no desire for Precious Weapons. As long as she made to Half-step Exterior Scenery, one long sword of such level was supposed to be given to her. Thus, she needed no risk for this and digressed the topic, for fear her teammates make mistakes out of greed and result the team’s failure and others’ obliteration.

Zhang Yuanshan smiled, “The precious treasure always draw people’s mind. It’s quite common. As long as we have proper estimation of our own strength and stay honest to our good nature, the treasure will not seem so tempting.”

He continued, “This time our rivals have a rough knowledge of our strengths and approaches of battle, so they will change their tactics. For example, they may attempt to obliterate the foibles of us, or team up to annihilate a loner. We have to be prepared.”

“Compared to us, the four sects are stronger. As long as we stay close to them and be careful not to be separated after we conquered Sacred Fire Mountain, our enemies will have no secrets to us. They won’t have the space to circumvent us or move as swiftly.” Luo Shengyi said softly. This was a truly righteous strategy to defeat the enemies, for as the time arrived, even the Samsara travelers on the side of Devil Cult were much stronger, they would not have the same numbers. Besides the experts of the four sects were also great, so they would have bigger chance to win.

Because of the death of Xia Chulin, Luo Shengyi was too impulsive and eager to take revenge, so they fell into the trap of their enemies easily.

Having pondered over his experience of “group task”, Meng Qi said, “What if they concentrate their force on someone not one of us?”

“You mean?” Luo Shengyi looked at this seemingly flippant yet not unnoticeable monk.

“Little monk was implying that if they focus on one of the leaders of the four sects who hold the weapon, and manage to take one away, then we have to fight hard to get it back, and take the Sacred Fire Mountain in shorter time. This will be bad for us. We may even not be able to complete the main task.” Jiang Zhiwei was quite understanding.

Zhang Yuanshan touched his own hands, “Yes. We have put too much attention on the Group-rivaling task and the battle with other travellers. They certainly will also try an indirect route, as long as it is more effective.”

Luo Shengyi frowned, “Though the four sects are separated, they were not so far away from each other. We have plenty of time to rescue… ”

But he could not continue, for he thought of the guy who had cultivated Evil Spirit. He was more adept at gaining momentum from outer world than heightslord of Windcloud Heights. He would probably cause confusion and block them from rescuing each other, as it had happened in this battle, where they fell apart and almost were killed one by one.

“We must remind them.” Qi Zhengyan said. Though he was normally taciturn, this time he wanted to emphasize the importance.

Meng Qi nodded, “Let’s tell this battle to heightslord, and he will inform other sects and form an alliance.”

“Better do it quickly. Let’s head back.” Zhang Yuanshan took a deep breath.

Meng Qi said smiling and pointing at the shabby temple, “I have two friends there. If they brief it to Heightslord Gu, he will be more trusting.”

He was referring to Chen Xiao and Luo You, who were still hiding.

After Chen Xiao and Luo You came out, they seemed confused about the stop of the sandstorm and the coming of other members of Power Band.

Meng Qi informed them generally, and said, “It’s important that you guys brief to your lord. The enemy has new assistants who are strong and scary.”

“How could it be possible… ” Chen Xiao was shocked by Meng Qi’s description. How could this disastrous sandstorm be created by mortals? Even gaining momentum of a pre-existed sandstorm was beyond mortal’s strength!

And these guys of Power Band could repel the “immortals”. Incredible!

“Heightslord Gu should be able to discern the anomalous sandstorm just now.” Meng Qi did not explain more to the two disciples. They needed only to brief what they had seen to Gu Kongshan.

Chen Xiao and Luo You seemed innocent and incredulous. They followed them back to the host of Windcloud Heights in bewilderment.

Luo Shengyi had carried back the corpse of Xia Dandan, not only wanting to bury her in a better place, but also show Gu Kongshan the terror of Ajati Finger and persuade him with more sense.

On their way, Meng Qi clandestinely showed the black dart to Fu Zhenzhen, Jiang Zhiwei and others, and inquired what this kind of concealed weapon could do.

“This is the Die Seeing Dart. It looks normal, but if you fling it with certain skill, the dart will disintegrate and become seven poisonous spikes in mid-way, blocking all directions the enemy could have escape from. I have seen the Die Seeing being used.” Luo Shengyi said after scrutiny.

Though knowledge of concealed weapons were normally imparted to the heirs of famous sects, like Jiang Zhiwei and Zhang Yuanshan, for fear that the disciples should come aross some strange attacks with concealed weapons, this Die Seeing Dart was not aware to be seen in the main world. And Fu Zhenzhen only knew medicine and poison and only a few concealed weapons that fit to be used by herself. Therefore only Luo Shengyi had seen it for he had more experiences in Worlds of Samsara.

“A fine stuff.” Meng Qi felt lucky. This dart, though not to be rivaled with Pearflower Storm Needles, was a top-class concealed weapon. Perhaps he could make good use of it in a crucial moment in future.

…

Having been briefed by Chen Xiao and Luo You, Gu Kongshan summoned Meng Qi and others immediately.

He was still with his ebony hair, his back erect, showing intimidation without getting angry. He asked with a hoarse voice, “You sure the Dissimilated Man has a vertical eye at his mid-brows?”

This was only in legendary!

He felt the anomaly of the violent sandstorm at beginning but did not pay attention, for creating this kind of disaster with such range was beyond mortal’s power. He himself could not do it unless the Wind Cloud Blade could be thoroughly unsealed and activated, which was virtually impossible. For generations, there were no heightslord who could completely unseal the Blade without the help of immortals.

Now that he was told the truth, his suspection proved plausible, but he still could not trust Meng Qi and others completely.

“Yes, that demon guy.” Meng Qi answered frankly, and told him in detail the experience Jiang Zhiwei had with Su Yuanying.

Gu Kongshan frowned and squinted at Jiang Zhiwei. She had it right about the Terrestrial Venerable of Devil Cult. But she should have fought them two and even hurt him and kill the surrogate of the Dissimilated Man. She was really formidable!

He paused for a while and said, “I also felt something strange about the sandstorm at first. Now I was disillusioned, though still incredulous. I don’t believe a mortal could wield such power, and we don’t have proof at all. However we cannot exclude such possibility especially for cases like this. Now I will write three letters and summon other sects to converge with us.”

Meng Qi and others could not explain him what Evil Spirit Cultivation was, so he still did not know the mechanism how and to what extent did the Dissimilated Man gain momentum from the sandstorm.

But as a heightlord, he had the sanity to be prudent.

“Buddha Amitabha. You are quite provident, and shoud be able to persuade the other sects.” Meng Qi acclaimed him for he was not behaving “insensible”.

After this deed, Gu Kongshan became more respectful to Meng Qi and his teammates. He asked them to stay in the tents there and wait together the replies of the other sects.

After three dissimilated birds being sent away, Gu Kongshan started to converse with them the principles of martial arts. He wanted to acquire their backgrounds. Yet they did not betray any information, and when they spoke of something of the main world, Gu Kongshan was befuddled and even had no clue to conjecture.

For they were not far away from other sects, the birds returned one by one within a quarter of time. Gu Kongshan took off the response and read. Then he suddenly became livid, “Imbeciles! You don’t trust me even at this moment!”

“Heightlord Gu, were they unwilling to come over?” Luo Shengyi asked calmly.

Having thrown the letter away, Gu Kongshan said coldly, “Aye. Those narrow-minded rats! They don’t believe in the existence of Dissimilated Man who drove such terrible sandstorm, and even doubt that I am trying to take the lead over them. Damn, no matter the dissimilated guy is real or not, the Devil Cult must have new strong allies!”

As the top martial pro of righteous path, he was used to being suspected by the other sects. But they still had such narrow vision at this time, which was really foolish!

Even the sects of righteous path were not compatible with each other… Meng Qi curled his lips, “Heightslord Gu, I’m afraid you have to meet them in person.”

Gu Kongshan silenced, thinking and pacing around with his hands at his back.

After a duration of burned incense stick, he made his decision. He beckoned over all the elders and disciples and bid them defend keenly. He himself went out of the tent with the casket of Wind Cloud Blade. He also sent Meng Qi and his teammates to the camps of Wanjian Sect, for if he was away, his camp could be vulnerable, and their identity was still suspicious.

Meng Qi and his teammates had no objection. Not long after they went out of the camp, they saw it was dark soon. Far beyond was wavering yellow sand sprawling up to sky, inundating the camp of Star-picking Tower and its peripheral regions.

“Damn!” Gu Kongshan’s eyes concentrated.

Lord of Devil Cult Hu Buwei could create limited sandstorm, while the Dissimilated Man with vertical mid-brows eyes could gain momentum and aggrandize it!

This idea flashed through his mind.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104: Split up for the Hunt
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sandy wind carried by the wind rose and spread quickly. Within the immediate vicinity, all was obscured by the sandstorm. Whistling sounds overwhelmed Gu Kongshan’s hearing, making it difficult for him to acutely sense his surroundings.

He did not think too hard about the strange changes taking place. He was about to rush into the sandstorm to rescue Star-picking Tower Tai Shang Elders.

A slender and strong hand appeared in front of him.

“Heightslord Gu, don’t be impatient. An ambush may be waiting,” Meng Qi said in a low voice.

Gu Kongshan had long traveled the Jianghu and knew a lot about its tricks. He suddenly realized his recklessness. It was one thing if the Devil Cult attacked Star-picking Tower Tai Shang Elders, but consequences would be grave if their enemies attempted a diversion tactic. If the enemies were hidden in the sandstorm, any misstep from him would likely result in his death.

Though he was the best master in the Zhengdao, he was aware that the Devil Cult Master, Hu Buwei, was just as good. If Hu Buwei ambushed him, he would likely be hurt. Besides, the Celestial, Earth, and Human Venerables were new reinforcements. He would have no chance to run away.

Therefore, he cannot be reckless. He must move forward cautiously.

Gu Kongshan inhaled a light intake of air and said gently, “Thank you for your warning, master. We’ll move forward cautiously.”

If he moved forward with this group of powerful fighters, it would not be as dangerous even if they were ambushed.

However, he did not let down his guard. What if they were spies from the Devil Cult? The minute Meng Qi and the rest prepared to rush into the sandstorm, Gu Kongshan opened the box in his hands.

A dazzling light coming from the sword inside rose to the sky. Clouds gathered and the wind began to pick up. Where the light touched the air, the sandstorm faded.

As an expert bladesman, Meng Qi naturally could not help staring at the sword. He saw that it was a sword wrapped in bright light, simple and unadorned as if it was simply made of wood. On the surface of its blade was a breathtaking engraving of a pale blue pattern that reflected light. The pattern formed a dragon with five feet, resting upon cirrus clouds.

Gu Kongshan removed his Wind Cloud Blade from the box and put the box behind him. He swiped the sword forward, only for a new storm to form and blast away the sand to make a way.

It was only now that Meng Qi saw the other side of the Wind Cloud Blade. The dim red light formed a lifelike carving of a tiger sitting atop the breeze.

Meng Qi quietly admired the beauty of the blade. He then followed the others down the sandless road and walked through the storm.

…

Numerous tents were blown away outside the Star-picking Tower with many disciples were lost in the storm. They could see and hear nothing. There was no way to rescue any of their own people. They could only take care of themselves and moved slowly to a less sandy place.

The black Devil Qi were swirling around the main tent, keeping Star-picking Tower Lord, Elders, and their disciples out.

Among the Celestial, Earth, and Human Venerables, one moved quickly in the wind, one destroyed the situation, and the other was filled with Devil Qi. They were unafraid of pain and injuries and their flesh and blood continued to regenerate as they recovered. They kept Star-picking Tower Lord and other people for rescue out.

Though masters from Star-picking Tower who rushed here to help won in numbers, they had trouble moving forward.

Inside the tent, a white-haired old man was glaring at a middle-aged man. Blood was trickling down from his eyes, nose, mouth, and ears. The silk-white metal gloves on his both hands were tied down by the Devil Qi, not giving him any space to use his power.

The middle-aged man was rather tall and slender. His hands were drowning in the Devil Qi, seemingly melting in it.

The odd blood sweat on his forehead indicated that he was not doing this with ease, but he tried to smile as he looked at the back of the white-haired old man.

Behind the white-haired old man was Yun Tingfeng with his long hair loose and raised eyebrows. He had his hands firm on the old man’s shoulders.

The muscles of the white-haired old man were constantly spasming, twitching upwards and downwards. Something seemed to quickly fly into Yun Tingfeng’s body.

Su Yuanying was standing beside the middle-aged thin man with raised eyebrows and terrifying dark green eyes. He placed his hand over his mouth and gave a light cough. Two captured female disciples from Star-picking Tower were lying down by his feet. The white-dressed Gu Xiaosang watched it all happen with a smile, apparently unconcerned.

The muscles of the white-haired old man shriveled after a minute of breathing. All his energy was expended and he collapsed on the ground. There was bewilderment in his eyes. He said in a hoarse voice, “Devil, devil… ”

The middle-aged thin man did not let down his guard. The dark and horrible Devil Qi was still wrapping the pair of silk-white metal gloves. He only breathed a sigh of relief when he removed the gloves from the old man.

Yun Tingfeng’s face flushed briefly before disappearing. He clapped his hands in content and asked, “Master, what’s our next step?”

The middle-aged thin man was the master of the Devil Cult, Hu Buwei.

Hu Buwei smiled slightly. “The three of you are all excellent masters with good kung-fu. Thank you for your help.”

After giving a simple compliment, he said seriously, “Gu Kongshan and the rest will arrive soon. Since we’re not strong enough to fight them, we must withdraw immediately. Once the Devil Tomb is sealed, they’ll be left powerless.”

“Let’s leave in four groups in case they catch up and steal back the Star-picking Hand. We can scatter their people and strengths. Once we return the Star-picking Hand back to Sacred Fire Mountain and bury it in the Devil Tomb, we’ll be fearless.”

“When that time comes, I’ll show my gratitude properly. Whether it’s magical arms, refined weapon, Devil Qi, or beautiful disciples, I’ll definitely fulfill all your wants.”

Yun Tingfeng put his hands together and bowed. “Please give your orders.”

Gu Xiaosang, who carried herself as Little Zi, smiled and said, “I have a plan.”

…

A gale surged, clearing the air. As Gu Kongshan swung his blade, he finally carved a path towards Star-picking Tower. They finally saw the chaotic residence.

“Tower Lord Luo? Where’s Elder Qi?” Gu Kongshan saw the Star-picking Tower Lord who was preparing to rush into the storm.

Lord Luo was stunned when he heard Gu Kongshan’s voice and turned back. Thrilled, he said, “Heightslord Gu and Elders Qi were killed by the Devil. The Star-picking Hand was stolen.”

“What?” Though they all expected this, they were nevertheless still shocked.

Just then, the head of Wanjian Sect and the Portal-guarding Elder of Xiaoyue School arrived from a different direction, bringing several masters with them.

“Who has the Star-picking Hand? Which direction did they run?” Not having the time to greet them, Gu Kongshan loudly questioned Tower Lord Luo.

The head of Wanjian Sect was a graceful middle-aged beauty and the Portal-guarding Elder of Xiaoyue School was a hunched old man with deep wrinkles. They did not interrupt and asked others about it as they listened.

Tower Lord Luo was momentarily stunned when he heard Gu Kongshan’s question. Rather confusedly, he answered, “They split into four groups and went in different directions. I don’t know who among them has the Star-picking Hand.”

A tactic where the lines between the real and imaginary were blurred… Gu Kongshan immediately understood what happened as he listened. However, it was hard to guess which one had the Star-picking Hand and they could not afford to gamble. If they were wrong, they would not have another chance. “If that’s the case, we’ll also hunt for them separately. Which direction did Hu Buwei go? Who’s he with?”

Just then, the sandstorm had gradually subsided. He decided to run after the master of the Devil Cult, Hu Buwei, by himself.

Tower Lord Luo calmed down and said quickly, “Hu Buwei ran alone in that direction. The Celestial Venerable went with the Dissimilated Man, the Human Venerable went with the long hair man, and the Terrestrial Venerable went with the white-dressed girl.”

Without hesitation, Gu Kongshan said, “You and I will chase after Hu Buwei.”

He might not be able to snatch the Star-picking Hand back with him and his horse alone!

He looked at the head of Wanjian Sect and said, “Lady Huan, please catch up with the Celestial Venerable with masters of your sect. Be careful of Dissimilated Man with an open eye between his eyebrows. He can directly attack your soul.”

Lady Huan nodded solemnly. “Don’t worry. Tai Hua Sword can cut vital spirit and souls.”

She did not say much and immediately left with two masters from her sect to chase after the Celestial Venerable and Su Yuanying. The remaining two masters returned to arrange matters of defense and offense.

The Portal-guarding Elder of Xiaoyue School did not want to waste time and said directly, “Heightslord Gu, we’ll chase the Human Venerable.”

Gu Kongshan nodded. “Be careful of that man with loose hair. He can absorb inner force through his body.”

Remembering this advice, the Portal-guarding Elder turned and left. He left behind some of his masters to give everyone there a peace of mind.

Gu Kongshan was planning to ask Elders of Star-picking Tower to catch up with the Terrestrial Venerable. However, he did not trust the mysterious Meng Qi. If Meng Qi stayed here alone, he might cause them problems. Thus Gu Kongshan said in a low voice, “I ask that you all chase after the Terrestrial Venerable with the help of two masters from Star-picking Tower.”

The first reason was so the masters can spy on them. The second was for their safety. Those unfamiliar with the desert terrain could be easily thrown off the trail.

“No problem, Heightslord Gu.” Luo Shengyi did not take the initiative and only agreed after he exchanged glances with Zhang Yuanshan and Meng Qi.

This was a great chance to kill Gu Xiaosang! It was rare to catch the opposing team acting on their own and dividing their strengths.

Gu Kongshan did not dare to waste any more time. He nodded and left for Hu Buwei with Tower Lord Luo.

After being momentarily quiet, Jiang Zhiwei said, “Senior Brother Zhang, why don’t you return to Windcloud Heights with Zhenzhen? She had just opened her Eye Apertures and is weak in Lightness Skill. It’s hard for her to catch up. But if she’s left here alone, we don’t feel at ease.”

In this critical situation of needing to hunt down their enemies, she did not say any unnecessary words and did not show any concern for Fu Zhenzhen’s ego.

When Meng Qi heard what she said, he felt fortunate that he had accepted her advice and practiced his Lightness Skill and also exchanged for Eight Divine Steps and Moves of Wind-god’s Legs. Otherwise, it would be him that was left behind.

Zhang Yuanshan was always someone who knew how to balance the needs of the group versus his own. He thought for a while and said, “If you encounter any problem, fire the signal.”

Jiang Zhiwei was about to descend the mountain and experience the world, thus she carried the special signals of Sword Washing Pavilion with her.

Fu Zhenzhen paled, but she could understand their reasons and did not protest. She gave Meng Qi, Qi Zhengyan, and Jiang Zhiwei a candle.

Then, Meng Qi and the others ran in the direction of Gu Xiaosang and the Terrestrial Venerable under the guidance of Elders of Star-picking Tower.

Along the road, Luo Shengyi and Jiang Zhiwei’s recognizing ability shocked Meng Qi and Qi Zhengyan. So their gap was not limited to only martial skills. The ability of Elders of Star-picking Tower to navigate the desert also left Meng Qi deep in thought. If he had this ability earlier, he would not be afraid of An Guoxie catching him.

Perhaps the Terrestrial Venerable and Gu Xiaosang left in a hurry. Though the road was evidently cleaned, traces of their presence could be easily found. So they did not lose track of the two. At dawn, the sunset covered the historical remains with heavy sands.

The historical ruins were scattered over dozens of square kilometers, comprising different architectures specific to the desert. But they had long decayed. Buried under the sun, only their faint outlines could be seen. In the center of the historical remains was a dilapidated temple, sitting unchanged for hundreds of years.

The dark red sunset spilled on the relics, creating a burning-like scene. The scene was splendid, bleak, and boundless.

“What’s going on? Why did they come here?” This question popped up in all their minds.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105: The Devil Lord Statue
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Be careful of the traps,” Luo Shengyi said.

Though the situation made him worried and precarious, he had to chase after them. They would not be able to seal the Devil Tomb without Star-picking Hand. That would result in the failure of their main task. Even if he could kill the Samsara travelers from the opposing camp to make up for Karma points, he would still have to catch up to Gu Xiaosang.

His reminder was out of expected concern, so the thought occurred even to the inexperienced Meng Qi. His exposed skin glowed in a golden light, making him look like a brass statue. He firmly led the way. Surrounded by red clouds, Qi Zhengyan followed after him closely on full alert.

Flanking them, the two Elders of Star-picking Tower observed the spots where it would be easy to lay traps. Jiang Zhiwei and Luo Shengyi stood further away from each other, extending their search radius. After all, the relics covered a wide area and their enemies may be hidden in the buildings in the distance.

Their move began to slow, but there was no other way around it. If they blindly chased after Gu Xiaosang, they might fall into the Devil Cult’s traps.

When they reached the field of historical ruins, tracks left by Gu Xiaosang and the Terrestrial Venerable were very limited. Without the fine grasp of the desert terrain of the two Elders of Star-picking Tower and their vast Jianghu experience, Meng Qi would have probably lost her. At that moment, they barely managed to follow their trail. Walking and stopping, they finally found themselves in front of the dilapidated temple at the center of the ruins.

“Is this the Devil Lord’s temple?” Meng Qi found this dilapidated temple very similar to the one he took shelter in during the sandstorm. He would even say they were exactly the same in shape and characteristics. The only difference was the size. This temple was five times the size of the shabby temple earlier.

Elder Chen examined the temple carefully and nodded. “It’s indeed the temple for holding sacrificial ceremonies to the Devil Lord. From its size and such scale of relics, it looks to be one of the main temples from back in the day. But the Devil Cult had declined after immortals granted Magical Arms to seal the Devil Tomb. Now only one temple remains atop Sacred Fire Mountain.”

“Could they borrow the power of the Devil Tomb from this temple?” Meng Qi may lack Jianghu experience but his knowledge was vast. They had to take precautions against this possibility.

Elder Chen thought for a while and could not answer with certainty. “Perhaps. We should on full alert either way.”

Meng Qi adopted his posture after a routine search, looking like a Luohan brass statue. He was the first to enter the temple with his Sun Evil-Sealing Blade. But this time, Jiang Zhiwei stood by his side with her sword raised, ready to protect him.

For some reason, the temple was inexplicably clean. There was no dust or sand inside, making a sharp contrast with the ruins buried in the yellow sand outside. It was a quite strange and amazing sight.

Inside the temple, a statue sat squarely in front. Unlike the one in that shabby temple, this statue was well preserved. Meng Qi was able to see Devil Lord’s handsome appearance.

The statue was painted black and had three heads and six arms. Between the three heads, one wore a fierce expression, another looked loathsome, and the final one looking cold. The only common point was the dark mark between their eyebrows, looking evil and filthy. Between the arms, one carried a sword, one a blade, one a seal, one a vast, and one a helm.

The most prominent was the one in front of him, with large palms almost twice the size of others. Its sword-like fingernails were almost three inches long. The back of the hands was carved with a dark pattern, carrying a dizzying kind of enchantment, evil, and bloodiness. It gave off a feeling of unimaginable hatred that despised the just heaven, the tolerant earth, the happy people, the objects that don’t belong to oneself, the causes and effects, the cruel fate, and the uncompleted killings.

Such an unseemly, ordinary statue actually gave people such a strong feeling. It did not seem to be a product of mortals!

“I’ve heard the Founder Lord of the Devil Cult is a carving expert. Today I see that he’s truly worthy of his reputation,” said Elder Chen.

Luo Shengyi suddenly took a step back and shook his head slightly. His actions alarmed Meng Qi and he vigilantly raised his Buddhist Commandment Blade, thinking their enemies were here to ambush them.

“It’s not the enemies,” Luo Shengyi said immediately, massaging his temples. “I’m just too focused on the patterns carved on that palm. I want to discern them but it costs me too much will and I became dizzy.”

Meng Qi thought to himself that Luo Shengyi simply wanted to memorize those unusual patterns… Even if it was just a mortal carving by Cult Lord of the Devil Cult and contained not one in ten thousand of the real devil claws’ essence, it still carried some mysterious oddness to it.

When he tried to recall those patterns, he was surprised to find he could not. What was more was he would experience emotional turbulence when he examined them more closely. Hatred and the desire to kill swelled in him and he nearly lost control of himself.

“Let’s not waste our time here. When we return, we can send someone here to make a copy of the pattern,” Jiang Zhiwei reminded them.

Her words woke them from the spell of the Devil Lord statue. They began looking for tracks of Gu Xiaosang and the Terrestrial Venerable in the hall.

Meng Qi and Jiang Zhiwei remained still at the center so they could help others if unexpected attacks happened.

“I thought the legend of Devil Lord was familiar when I heard about it earlier, but now that I saw this statue, I know why I got that feeling.” Jiang Zhiwei’s crisp voice like that of a songbird suddenly reached Meng Qi’s ears.

It was her Secret Voice-sending.

Meng Qi had acquired Dharma Access to the Secret voice-sending as per her lessons. He asked in the same manner, “Why?”

Jiang Zhiwei said, “There’s a similar legend in our world. It’s one of the best big powers of The Myths Period.”

“Are they the same?” Meng Qi asked in surprise.

“Similar. Here, the legend speaks of Devil Lord getting killed by immortals when he tried to enter the Ninefold Sky and his maimed body fell on the ground. But in our world, the story goes that Devil Lord led evil demons of Nine Serenities and creatures of Demon World to attack Celestial Court. His attack caused great disasters and he was finally killed by Heaven Sovereign with Heaven Path Seal. The Evil World was also destroyed. Since then, Nine Serenities had remained hidden in the world.”

“They do sound quite similar… ” Meng Qi was somewhat frightened to hear the two legends at the same time. Were they not too similar? The Ninefold Sky, immortals, Celestial Court, and Heaven Sovereign. They were not too different from one another. He asked, “Where’s the maimed body of Devil Lord in our world?”

“I don’t know. After the fall of Celestial Court later, there were no clear records remaining. Perhaps Xuan Tian Sect would know something,” Jiang Zhiwei replied after some consideration.

The reason Xuan Tian Sect claimed itself to be the inheritor of Heaven Sovereign was due to the fact that their founding ancestors found the ruins of Celestial Court under the ground of Jade Emperor Mountain thousands of years ago. They also found the Blade of Timeshadow and some parts of the Imperial Scripts of Heaven at the same time.

Meng Qi thought the two Devil Lords might turn out to be the same person. But Devil Lord of this world seemed not as strong.

“Since he could attack Celestial Court, Devil Lord’s strength must be truly frightening. What stage had he reached?” Meng Qi asked, doubtful.

Jiang Zhiwei thought for a while before replying, “Rumors had it that Devil Lord opened up the Evil World out of the void, showing his strength. But later, the Ninefold Sky disappeared, Celestial Court fell, and Heaven Sovereign died. Apparently, it was effected from battling Devil Lord.”

She did not know how many stages Dharmakaya was divided into, nor if there were stages higher than Dharmakaya. She could describe based on the rumors she had heard.

“Who killed Heaven Sovereign and caused the fall of Celestial Court?” Meng Qi could not help asking as it was the second time he had heard about this. It was not something that could be done by just any powerful person.

Jiang Zhiwei shook her head. “It’s an ancient secret and we can only learn about it through the records. One day, the ladder to Heaven suddenly broke and Celestial Court fell from the sky. The ground was covered by clouds and dust for nine whole days. Since then, the so-called Ninefold Sky had disappeared forever.”

Meng Qi took a small breath. He restrained the questions he had and turned his attention back to Devil Lord. “Zhiwei, why do you think of the legend of our world when you look at this Devil Lord statue?”

Were there any unique characteristics?

“Because of that.” Jiang Zhiwei pointed at the most outstanding palm of Devil Lord’s statue. “In our world, the legend was that Devil Lord was an ordinary member of Nine Serenities devils. Later he gained the Claw of the Demon Emperor by accident and soared to the sky with one star, becoming the destructive demon. That palm very much resembled the Claw of the Demon Emperor.”

Meng Qi had once seen the Claw of the Demon Emperor in the Exchange List of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms. It was one of the top ten Peerless Godly Weapons, worth hundreds of thousands of Karma points. It was a relic of Demon Emperor of Nine Serenities.

Based on the description provided by Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms, Heavenly Primogenitor severely injured Demon Emperor in the antediluvian period and he ran back to Nine Serenities, lying down seven curses before his death. He cursed everything. Later, his body disappeared and only one claw was left of him. Anyone who owned the claw would have Demon Emperor’s soul and accomplished insurmountable Heavenly Knowing.

But the owner would be affected by the seven curses, gradually changing his temper. He would make the destruction of everything in the world as his responsibility. Thus, Claw of the Demon Emperor, the evilest one, was the cheapest exchangeable item among the top ten Peerless Godly Weapons.

Meng Qi looked at that weird and evil palm again, once again feeling the overwhelming hatred and desire to destroy the world.

His stare this time was more focused and he soon felt pain between his eyebrows. He felt sleepy and dizzy, forcing him to turn his sight away from it.

“What happened to the claw?” Meng Qi asked after collecting himself.

After some thought, Jiang Zhiwei said, “Heavenly Sovereign killed Devil Lord and the claw became lost. Later, someone would find it and start the legend of Evil Emperor. But at the end of The Myths period, it was said that Evil Emperor also died after coming to the end of his lifespan. After that, the claw appeared several times in medieval times and resulted in great disasters and deaths of millions each time it showed up. This was until its last owner died with his enemy 20,000 years ago. The claw had disappeared without a trace since.”

“Would it have landed in the hands of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms later?” Meng Qi wiped his sweat, remembering the claw was not indicated as being lost in the Exchange List of Dominator of Samsara in Six Realms.

Jiang Zhiwei seriously said, “There’s a possibility.”

Meng Qi was about to ask in detail when Elder Chen yelled loudly, “I found a secret passage! They left through it!”

They put away their thoughts and walked to the back of the statue. A carved slate was pushed away and a deep secret passage came to their sight.

Do they give chase or not?

They would naturally worry if there were any traps inside the secret passage. But due to all other reasons, they decided to continue their hunt. They left Elder Li to stay in the temple and guard the entrance. If anything happened, he could use his Secrecy-reaching skill to inform Elder Chen in the secret passage to prevent their enemies from entrapping them.

Walking down the stairs, they found it was deep and dark inside. Each of them carried a match in one hand and tightly held onto their own weapons with the other. Luo Shengyi and Elder Chen carefully followed after them, examining for any mechanisms or concealed weapons on both sides of the secret passage.

Except for a slate picturing the invincible might of Devil Lord, they found nothing along the passage, not even a speck of dust.

After walking for a while, they found the passage widening into an underground hall.

Opposite them was a strange stone door carved with strange patterns. It was colorful, splendid, and full of evil.

There was a pile of huge stones, blocking the door.

A bear-like stalwart man sat cross-legged in front of the stone pile. He was a scrawny man wearing a peacefully happy expression.

“The Terrestrial Venerable… ” Elder Chen said.

“Ajati Finger… ” Meng Qi and the rest blurted out.

Gu Xiaosang had actually killed the Terrestrial Venerable!